





OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 14th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 14th day of May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
W. C. German and Roy Neagle; also City Attorney, Clerk and Engineer for the City.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Applications for operation of gaming tables of Leo Kind, C. L. Tom and Frank Martin
were read to the Board. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the application of
Frank Martin was granted, and the Clerk directed to issue a license to the said Frank
Martin for the operation of two (2) gaming tables in the City of Las Vegas. The
application of Leo Kind was next considered and it appearing that said application had
been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner, the application was granted, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, and the Clerk directed to issue a license to
the said Leo Kind for the operation of two (2) gaming licenses in the City of Las Vegas.
The application of C. L. Tom was next considered, and was referred to the Chief of Police
for investigation.

The plat of Williams Addition was presented to the Board for approval, said plat
having been previously approved by the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas and
the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada; said Williams Addition being
situate in the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 23, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, and being
owned by Thomas L. Williams and his wife, Lola Williams. Upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried said plat was approved, and the Mayor was authorized and directed to approve
said plat and the Clerk to attest the same.

The Board then proceeded to make a canvass of the vote cast at the General City
Election held on the 7th day of May, 1929, for the election of one City Commissioner of
Second Class, one City Commissioner of Fourth Class and a City Clerk, the result of
said canvass being as follows:-

FOR COMMISSIONER OF THE SECOND CLASS
Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that R. W. THOMAS has received a plurality of all
votes cast for the office of City Commissioner of the Second Class, it was THEREFORE
RESOLVED on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, that the said
R. W. Thomas be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner of the
Second Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further
RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to the said R. W. Thomas. Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners O. J. Smith,

W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, Roy Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes,

none.
Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that L. B. HANSELL has received a plurality of
all votes cast for the office of City Commissioner of the Fourth Class, it was THEREFORE
RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, that the said

L.	B. Hansell be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner of the
Fourth Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further	

RESOLVED that the city clerk be and he is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to the said L. B. Hansell. Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners O. J. Smith
W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, Roy Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes,
none.	

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that VIOLA BURNS has received a plurality of
all votes cast for the office of City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, it was THEREFORE
RESOLVED, on motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, that the said
Viola Burns be and she is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and be it further RESOLVED that the city clerk
be and he is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said Viola Burns.
Voting on said Resolution, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy, W. C. German, Roy
Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Aye; Noes, none.

W. E. Ferron, President of the City Planing Commission of the City of Las Vegas
appeared before the Board and presented plans, maps and specifications for ornamental
lighting of certain streets in the City of Las Vegas; said plans, maps and specifications
were ordered filed by the City Clerk.

Thereafter, no further business appearing before the Board, a recess was declared
until May 15th, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF T*HE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	

May 15th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 15th day of May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: MAYOR Pro tem W. B. Mundy, Commissioners O. J. Smith and W. C. German; also
City Attorney, Engineer for the City and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor Pro tem.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the City
in charge of construction of pavement and curb street improvements was directed to notify
Las Vegas Land and Water Company to lower or alter their pipe lines wherever necessary to
set such pipe lines below the grade used for such pavements and curbs.

No further business appearing, a recess was declared until Friday the 17th day of
May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

Las Vegas, Nevada May 17, 1929.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, held at the Board Room of said Board in the
County Courthouse in the City of Las Vegas on this 17th day of May, 1929 at the hour of
7:30 o'clock P. M.

Present: Mayor Pro. Tem. W. B. Mundy, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German,
the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent: Mayor J. F. Hesse and Commissioner Roy Neagle.

The City Clerk presented to the Board the printed forms of bonds authorized by the
terms of Ordinance No. 134 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Authorizing
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to borrow
Forty Three Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy eight dollars and eighty-eight cents to cover
certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by constructing oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement
concrete curbs on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, to-wit:- On First
Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Fifth Street, Ogden Street, Carson
Street, Bridger Street and Fremont Street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of
Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known as 'Las Vegas Special 1929 Pavement and Curb
Street Improvement Bonds', and providing for the collection of said unpaid assessments by
dividing the same into ten (10) annual installments and placing said installments on the
tax roll of Clark County and collecting same in the same manner as state and county taxes
are collected by law". The Clerk stated that the transcript of the proceedings relative

to said bond issue had been prepared and that the bonds were ready for the approval of the

Board and for the official signatures of the officers provided by law for the signing of
the same.

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted upon the affirmative vote of
Commissioners German and Smith and Mayor Pro. Tem. Mundy, - Noes none, to-wit:

Whereas, under and by virtue of the terms of Ordinance No. 134 of the City of Las Vegas

there has been prepared and are now ready for official signature and issuance fifty bonds
to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1929 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bonds," as
follows: Forty Bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1000) each, and Ten (10)
bonds of the denomination of Three Hundred Seventy-seven Dollars and Eighty-eight cents;
four of said bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars. ($1000) each and one (1)
bond of the denomination of Three Hundred Seventy- seven dollars and eighty-eight cents
($377.88) each, payable at annual periods of from one to ten years from January 1, 1929,
each bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven per cent per annum, to-wit:

Six and one-half per cent (6½%) per annum; said interest to be payable annually on the
first day of January of each, year, and

Whereas, The said bonds are numbered from One (1) to fifty (50) consecutively, and
bear interest at the rate of six and one-half per cent (6½%) per annum, payable annually
on the first day of January of each year at the office of the City Treasurer of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada and are dated January 1, 1929, and are made due and payable
according to their consecutive numbers, as follows:

Bonds Nos. 1 to 4 inclusive for $1000 each, an the first day of January, 1930. Bond
No. 5 for $377.88, on the first day of January, 1930. Bonds Nos. 6 to 9 inclusive for
$1000 each, on the first day of January, 1931. Bond No. 10 for $377.88, on the first day
of January, 1931. Bonds Nos. 11 to 14 inclusive for $1000 each, on the first day of
January, 1932. Bond No. 15 for $377.88, on the first day of January, 1932. Bonds Nos.

16 to 19 inclusive for $1000 each, on the first day of January, 1933. Bond No. 20 for
$377.88, on the first day of January, 1933. Bonds Nos. 21 to 24 inclusive for $1000
each, on the first day of January, 1934. Bond No. 25 for $377.88, on the first day of
January, 1934. Bonds Nos. 26 to 29 inclusive for $1000 each, on the first day of January,

1935. Bond No. 30 for $377.88, on the first day of January, 1935. Bonds Nos. 31 to 34
inclusive for $1000 each, on the first day of January, 1936. Bond No. 35 for $377.88, on
the first day of January, 1936. Bonds Nos. 36 to 39 inclusive for $1000 each, on the
first day of January, 1937. Bond No. 40 for $377.88, on the first day of January, 1937.

Bonds Nos. 41 to 44 inclusive for $1000 each, on the first day of January, 1938. Bond No.

45 for $377.88, on the first day of January, 1938. Bonds Nos. 36 to 49 inclusive, for
$1000 each, on the first day of January, 1939. Bond No. 50 for $377.88, on the first day
of January, 1939, and

Whereas, the payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their	

issuance, the lowest bond to be the first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole
amount of said bonds so authorized to be issued shall have been paid and redeemed, and
Whereas, each of said bonds have coupons attached representing each interest
installment to date of maturity of the principal, and both principal and interest of said
bonds are made payable in Gold Coin of the United States of America, at the office of the
City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and

Whereas, the said bonds as so prepared, with the coupons thereon, with the necessary
variations as to the numbers and maturities, are in the following forms, respectively, to-wit:

(Form of Bond)

No._________ $1000.00

United States of America

State of Nevada
City of Las Vegas
County of Clark

Las Vegas Special 1929 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bond
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

That the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation, existing under and by virtue of the
Laws of the State of Nevada, for value received, acknowledges itself indebted to, and hereby
binds itself and promises to pay to the bearer One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) in gold coin
of the United States of America, at the office of the City Treasurer of said City, in the City

of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on the ____day of __________, 19____, with interest thereon

from date hereof at the rate of six and one-half per cent (6½%) per annum until paid; said
interest payable annually on the 1st day of January of each year hereafter, during the term
of this bond, upon the presentation and surrender of the proper coupons as they severally
become due and payable, both principal and interest payable in gold coin of the United States
of America, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada.

This bond is one of a series of fifty bonds as follows: Forty (40) bonds of the
denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, payable in ten (10) annual installments
of four bonds each, commencing on the 1st day of January, A. D., 1930, and ten (10) bonds
of the denomination of Three Hundred Seventy-seven and 88/100 Dollars ($377.88) payable in
ten (10) annual installments, commencing on the 1st day of January, A. D. 1930.
Four (4) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, together with
the interest thereon, to be paid on the 1st day of January, A. D. 1930, and four (4) bonds of
the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, together with the interest thereon
to be paid on the 1st day of January of each year thereafter, and one (1) bond of the denomina-
tion of Three Hundred Seventy Seven and 88/100 Dollars ($377.88), together with the interest
thereon, to be paid on the first day of January, A. D. 1930, and one (1) bond of the denomina-
tion of Three Hundred Seventy Seven and 88/100 Dollars ($377.88), together with the interest
thereon, to be paid on the 1st day of January of each year thereafter, and continuing until
all of said bonds, together with the interest thereon are fully paid; authorized by virtue of
the provisions of the authority contained in that certain Act of the Legislature of the State
of Nevada, entitled "An Act to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of
paying the cost of municipal improvements for which special assessments are levied," approved
March 13, 1909, as amended by an Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, entitled, "An
Act to amend sections one and two of an Act entitled, 'An Act to authorize municipalities to
issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal improvements for which special
assessments are levied,' approved March 13, 1909, and other matters relating thereto," approved
March 13, 1913, and of City Ordinance No. 131 of the City of Las Vegas approved July 5, 1928 and
City Ordinance No. 133 of the City of Las Vegas, approved October 30, 1928, and City Ordinance
No. 134 of the City of Las Vegas, approved March 8, 1929, and of the proceedings of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, had and taken under and by
virtue of the provisions of the said Acts of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, and of the
City Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and said Ordinances.

It is here certified that all of the acts, things and conditions required to be done pre-
cedent to and in the issuance of this bond have been done, happened and performed as required
by law, and in the event that the Fund created by special assessment as in said Ordinances
Nos. 131, 133, and 134 of the City of Las Vegas contained, shall be insufficient to pay this
bond in full, as the same becomes due, together with the interest thereon, the deficiency shall
be paid by the City of Las Vegas out of its General Fund, and the City of Las Vegas thus binds
itself.

This bond shall be known as "Las Vegas Special 1929 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement
Bond", and shall be exempt from taxation by the City of Las Vegas.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, has by proper Resolution of its Board of City
Commissioners caused its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and this bond to be signed by
its Mayor and the City Clerk and countersigned by its City Assessor and the coupons hereunto
attacked to be authenticated by the signature of the City Assessor, in the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, this 1st day of January, A. D. 1929.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

By____________________________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Countersigned:

By	_______________

City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas

By	___________________

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

(Form of Coupon)

Coupon No. —	$65.00

The City of Las Vegas will pay to bearer at the office of the City Treasurer of the City

of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the   day of January, 19  Sixty-five and No/100 Dollars ($65.00)

gold coin of the United States of America, interest due for one year on Las Vegas Special
1929 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bonds "

F. C. DeVinney

Bond No.______	City Assessor
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 20th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 20th day of May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners W. B. Mundy, W. C. German; also
City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners O. J. Smith and Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of Harry Barnett for issuance of gaming
license. After consideration it was moved by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner
German, and duly carried that said application be laid over and referred to the Chief of Police for investigation.

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Wednesday the 22nd day of May, 1929, at the hour
of three o'clock, P. M.

and

Whereas, the form of said bonds in the principal sum of $377.88 each and the coupons thereon
are the same as said bonds for $1000 each, except as to the necessary variations of amounts of the
principal sums thereof and the amounts of interest, and

WHEREAS, the said coupons on each and all of said bonds are countersigned with the facsimile
signature of F. C. DeVinney, City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the said bonds have been sold to Snow Goodart & Co. of Salt Lake City, Utah,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the bonds in the form aforesaid, as presented to the
Boa d at this meeting be approved as to form and substance, and that the said bonds and each of them
be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and the City Clerk, and countersigned by the City
Assessor and authenticated by the seal of the City of Las Vegas, and by the Clerk of this Board
delivered forthwith to the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas and by him delivered to the
said purchaser upon the receipt of the purchase price as heretofore determined upon the acceptance
of the bid of the said Snow Goodart & Co.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk certify to a copy of the minutes of this meeting
and furnish such certified copy under the seal of said City to the purchaser of said bonds.

There being no further business before the meeting at this time, upon motion of Commissioner
German, seconded by Commissioner Smith and duly carried the meeting was recessed until Monday the
20th day of May, 1929 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	May 22nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 22nd day of May, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
W. C. German; also City Attorney, Engineer for the City and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of certain previous sessions of this Board were read and approved.

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Friday the 24th day of May, 1929, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 24th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 24th day of May, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy;
also Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was resolved that the Finance Commissioner
be authorized to engage an auditor, said auditor to audit the accounts of the City Clerk and
City Treasurer for the year 1928 and for the year 1929 to and including the 31st day of May.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was resolved that the bond of the City
Clerk taking office on the 3rd day of June 1929 be set in, the sum of Five Thousand ($5,000.00)
Dollars; said Bond to be approved by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following resolution
was duly adopted:

WHEREAS a change has been made in the plans for the alignment of curb on the east side of
Second Street from the southerly line of Fremont Street to the northerly line of the alley
south of Fremont, due to the exigencies of construction, be it resolved that such change be
hereby ratified. Vote on said resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B.

Mundy and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; Noes; none.

Thereafter the Mayor appointed Mrs. C. D. Breeze to fill the unexpired term caused by
expiration of her office on the City Planning Commission, said unexpired term to end May 25,

1932.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was resolved that the office of City
Marshal be and the same hereby is declared vacant, and that P. Nash be, and he is hereby
appointed to the office of Chief of Police at a salary of Three Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars
per annum, said salary to be payable in equal monthly installments upon his filing a good and
sufficient bond in the amount of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars and taking an oath of office;
said bond to be approved by the Mayor. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners
O.	J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; Noes. None.

The Clerk then read to the Board a letter from the local Elk's Lodge requesting that the

sum of One Hundred ($100.00) Dollars be allotted to them for publicity purposes during the

State Elk's Convention to be held in this city early in July. Upon motion duly made, seconded

and carried it was ordered that the sum of One Hundred ($100.00) Dollars be allotted to the
local lodge of Elk's to be used for publicity purposes during such convention, said sum to be
drawn from the Publicity Fund of the City of Las Vegas,

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Monday, June 3rd, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock

P.	M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

June 3rd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 3rd day of June, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and W. C.
German, together with the City Attorney, City Clerk and Engineer for the City.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Commissioners- Elect R. W. Thomas and L. B. Hansell, and City Clerk Elect Viola Burns were
also present.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

It appearing to the Board that W. J. Rhoads and Robert B. Griffith had been appointed as
members of the City Planning Commission, taking office on the 25th day of May, 1927, for the term
of two years, and that their said terms had expired on the 25th day of May, 1929, and it further
appearing that the Mayor should fill the vacancies caused by the expirations of said terms, the
Mayor thereupon reappointed W. J. Rhoads and Robert B. Griffith to fill the vacancies caused by
their terms expiring; the reappointments being for the term of four (4) years, expiring on the
25th day of May, 1933.

Thereupon Mrs. Viola Burns, City Clerk Elect, presented her bond for the office of said City
Clerk in the sum of Five Thousand ($5,000.00) Dollars, with F. C. DeVinney and J. M. Ullom
as sureties thereon; together with her Oath of Office. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried
said bond and oath of office were approved and the Mayor was authorized to endorse upon said bond
the approval of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Further ordered that
said bond and oath be filed in the office of the County Clerk of Clark County, Nevada.

Thereupon Viola Burns entered upon the duties of her office.

R.	W. Thomas, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars, with United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon; said bond having
previously been approved by E. G. McGriff, Chairman of Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, as required by law. Mr. Thomas also presented his Oath of Office. Upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried, said bond and oath of office were duly approved and ordered filed
in the office of the City Clerk.

L. B. Hansell, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon, together with
his Oath of Office; said bond having previously been approved by E. G. McGriff, Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried,
said bond and oath were approved and ordered filed in the office of the City Clerk.

Thereupon Messrs Thomas and Hansell entered upon the duties of their office.

Thereupon, his Honor, the Mayor, made the following appointments, to-wit: Commissioner, W. C.
German transferred from Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights to Finance Commissioner; Commissioner
L. B. Hansell was appointed Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner; Commissioner R. W. Thomas was
appointed Police and Fire Commissioner; Commissioner O. J. Smith continuing as commissioner of
streets and public places.

The next order of business was the election of a Mayor Pro tem. Commissioner Thomas placed
the name of Commissioner O. J. Smith in nomination for said office of Mayor Pro tem.

Commissioner L. B. Hansell nominated Commissioner W. C. German for said office. Commissioner
German declined the nomination, stating his reasons therefor, and placed the name of Commissioner
L. B. Hansell in nomination for said office. His Honor, the Mayor, thereupon ordered a secret
ballot taken to determine the election of the Mayor Pro tem, the result being that Commissioner

O.	J. Smith received two votes and Commissioner L. B. Hansell one vote. His Honor, the Mayor,
thereupon declared Commissioner O. J. Smith duly elected to the office of Mayor Pro tem.

No further business appearing, the meeting was duly adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK CO. NEVADA.

June 6th, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 6th of June 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present: His Honor, the Mayor J. F. Hesse: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German,R. W.
Thomas also City Attorney, Clerk, and Engineer for the City.

Absent: Commissioner L. C. Hansell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of previous meeting rend, and approved as read. All Claims allowed as shown by
Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.	

Owing to the absence of Commissioner Hansell Commissioner German to O. K. all Water,
and Sewer & Light fund.

On motion duly made, and seconded and carried that all monies collected by the City
Clerk the Municipal Judge, Plumbing Inspector for fees, and fines, and licenses be apport-
ioned as follows:

$2,000.00 to the Police, and Fire Fund

87.50	"	" Water Sewer & Light Fund

1,285.00 "	" General Fund.

3,372.50	Total.Collected.

On motion duly made, seconded, and carried that the City take up the note at the Sou.
Nevada Bank for $2,500.00 emergency loan, also pa last interest due on same amounting to

75.00.

Plat of Artesian Park Estate Owned by Boulder Canyon Land Development Co. Situated
Sec. 5 T27 S R 61 E Approved.
On Motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Pre-
ambles, and Resolution were adopted;

Whereas the Board has under consideration the authorization of the construction, and
erection and installing of an ornamental street lighting system complete in the following
proposed district in said City. towit;

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

The easterly side of Main st; from the northerly side of Bridger street to the southerly side
of Stewart St;

Fremont St; from the easterly side of Main St; to the westerly side of Fifth St;

The westerly side of Fifth St; from the northerly side of Bridger St; to the southerly
side of Stewart St;

In Hawkins Addition.

The easterly side of Fifth Street from the northerly side of Bridger Street to the southerly
side of Stewart St;

And

Whereas, it is proposed to defray the cost of such improvement by special assessment,
and it is necessary that the City have an Engineer for the purpose of preparing estimates
of the expence, and plat and diagram of the work, and the locality to be improved, a spec-
ial assessment map, a drafting of the specifications, and plans, and general supervision of the
work, during the installation, and

Whereas, Ralph Waggoner of Los Angeles, California, and experienced street lighting
engineer has offered to preform the services aforesaid for, and in the consideration of the
sum of One Dollar,

Now therefore be it Resolved, that the position of the said Ralph Waggoner be, and the
same is hereby accepted, and said Ralph Waggoner be, and he is hereby appointed Engineer for
the City of Las Vegas for the purposes aforesaid, and that a warrant be drawn by the proper
officers of the City in Favor of the said Ralph Waggoner for the payment of the compensat-
ion aforesaid, and that said Ralph Waggoner be, and he is hereby directed to prepare , and
submit to this Board as soon as possible and estimate of the expense of said proposed im-
provement, and also plat, and diagram of the work, and of the locality to be improved of said
proposed improvement, and proceed with such other work from time to time as may be required
of him under this appointment.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioner Smith Aye; Commissioner Thomas
Aye. His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, Sec. by Commissioner Thomas the following resolution
was adopted:

Resolve, that the estimates of the expense, plat, and diagram of the work, and of the
locality to be improved of the proposed construction erection, and installation of an ornam-
ental street lighting system complete, prepared by Ralph Waggoner, Engineer for such purpose
heretofore appointed by this Board, covering the following proposed district, towit:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite

The easterly side of Main St; from the northerly side of Bridger to the southerly
side of Stewart St;

Fremont St; from the easterly side of Main St; to the Westerly side of Fifth St;

The westerly side of Fifth St; from the northerly side of Bridger St; to the southerly 

side of Stewart St;

In Hawkins' Addition.

The easterly side of Fifth St; from the northerly side of Bridger to the Southerly
side of Stewart St;

be, and the same are hereby approved and the same are hereby directed to be filed in the
office of the City Clerk for use in such improvement and for public examination; and that the

same be endorsed as filed as of this date by such City Clerk, and the same be marked, and 

numbered as follows;

Estimate of expense, together with map of assessment district attached, of an ornament-
al Street lighting system ON Main St. Fremont St; and Fifth St;	

Plan No. 1, consisting of two sheets, numbered, and 2 respectively - as follows:

Sheet No. 1, Ornamental Lighting Plan No. 1 showing the location of lighting standards
and conduit feed point, etc. on Main, Fremont, Fifth Sts; and the proposed assessment district.

Plan No. 2 Showing the design, actual measurements in detail of pipes. dimentions, rein-
forcement construction, foundation to to the ornamental posts. which are oscillatory
 centrifugally cast.

The vote on said resolution was as follows, Commissioner Smith Aye, Commissioner Thomas
Aye, and His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes None.

Notice of Proposed Street lighting System was then read as follows;

Notice of Proposed Street Lighting Improvement in the City of Las Vegas.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, hereby gives
notice to all parties concerned, and interested, and especially to those paries owning property
situated in the district to be assessed, as hereinafter described, that the said Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas intends to construct, erect, and install an ornamental
street lighting system complete, including conduits, cables, standards, lighting units, and all
appurtenances thereto upon these certain streets, and portions of streets hereinafter design-
ated in accordance with plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost, prepared under the direction
of said Board of City Commissioners and on file in the office of the City Clerk for public
examination.

The streets, and portions of streets on which said improvement is to be made and the
location of the work to be done, follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas, Townsite.

The easterly side of Main St; from the northerly side of Bridger St; to the southerly
side of stewart St;

Fremont St; from the easterly side side of Main St; to the westerly side of Fifth St;

The westerly side of Fifth St; from the northerly side of Bridger St; to the southerly
side of Stewart St;

In Hawkin's Addition.

The easterly side of Fifth St; from the northerly side of Bridger to the southerly side
of Stewart St;

The District to be assessed for said improvement is described as follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Lots 1 to 16 both numbers inclusive, in Block 4; lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive,
in Block 3; lots 27 to 31, both numbers inclusive, in block 3. lots 1 to 21, both numbers in-
clusive, in block 2; lots 1 to 16, both number inclusive in Block 1; lots 11 to 22, both num-
ber inclusive, in Block 15; lots 11 to 22, both numbers inclusive in Block 18; lots 11 to 22
both number inclusive, in Block 31; lots 11 to 32, both number inclusive, in Block 34; lots
17 to 32, both numbers inclusive, Block 33; lots 1 to 12, both numbers inclusive, and lots 23
to 32, both numbers inclusive, in Block 35; lots 17 to 32, both number inclusive in Block 36;
lots 1 to 12 both numbers inclusive, in Block 30; lots 1 to 12 both numbers inclusive in Block
19; lots 1 to 12. both numbers inclusive in Block 14.



In Hawkin's Addition. 	

Lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive in Block 1; lots 1 to 16, both numbers inclusive
in Block 2; lots 1 to 6 both number inclusive, and lots 13 to 22, both numbers inclusive,
in Block 3; lots 1 to 16 both numbers inclusive in Block 4.

That all the cost, and expense of constructing, erecting, and installing said orna-
mental street lighting system, is to be defrayed by special assessment to be made according
to benefits upon taxable lots, and premises situated in the special assessment district above
described.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby gives notice that on Sat.
the 22nd day of June A. D. 1929 at the hour of 10 o'clock A. M. in the Board Room of said
Board, at the County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas, it will hold a meeting for the
purposes of considering any suggestions, or objections that may be made by parties interested
with respect to the proposed improvements.

Passed, and Adopted this 6th day of June A. D. 1929.

J.	F. Hesse.	-

Attest;	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

The above notice being duly approved by, the Board the Clerk was directed to have same
published in the Las Vegas Age for two weeks (6 issues) beginning with the 8th day of June.

The Clerk was also directed to have same posted in seven places in the Ward.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by construction, erecting
, and installing as ornamental street lighting system on certain streets, and portions of
streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements; providing that
the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all lots in-
cluded in the special assessment district, hereby established according to the benefits, ex-
cept where by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are
required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas, and other matters re-
lating thereto.

Was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made, and seconded was laid
over for a second reading by Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas that the Clerk be
directed to order a counter for use of the Clerk in her office. The same to be ordered
through Mr. Hooper.

There upon a proposed ordinance entitled;	

An Ordinance regulating the collection, and fixing and establish ng the rates, and
compensation to be collected by any person, company, or corporation collecting garbage in
the City of Las Vegas.

was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made seconded, and carried was laid over for
second reading.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Preamble, and Resolutions were duly adopted;

Whereas, the former City Clerk, Wm. L. Scott, during 1929 lost one of the license
books containing the stubs of fifth licenses issued to various parties, and such book con-
taining such stubs was, and is the only record book as to the names of such licenses, and the
respective amounts of license paid, except as contained in the affidavit of said W. L. Scott
setting forth the amounts, and names of licenses of 48 of such persons, leaving the name,
and amounts of two licenses issued undetermined, and

Whereas said Wm. L. Scott has applied to this board to arbitrarily fix for the time
being the amount of such undetermined two licenses and ie willing to pay the amount so fixed
and the additional amount, if any, in the event hereafter the amounts of said two licenses
or either of them is determined,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the amount of such licenses be fixed temporarily
at $5.00 each, and that such amount be accepted by this Board from said Wm. L. Scott, with
the understanding that when the true amounts thereof be ascertained the said Wm. L. Scott
settle with this Board on the basis of the true amounts thereof.

The votes on the said resolution was as follows;

Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, none.
Motion by Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas that the salary for the
City attorney be increased to $250.00 per month starting with the month of June 1929.
Vote on the said mention was as follows,

Commissioners Smith, and Thomas voting Aye, His honor the Mayor Aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting was recessed
to Tues. June 11th, 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock p.m.

Off ice of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County Nevada.

June 11th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 11th day of June 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell,
German also Engineer for the City, City Attorney, and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayer.

Minutes of meeting of June 6th read, and corrected.

A Draft of an Ordinance entitled: An Ordinance Creating the Office of City Electrical
 Inspector, and Prescribe His duties, Creating, and Establishing The Bureau Of Elect-
rical Inspection And Defining The Duties And Powers of of Said Bureau, Providing For The
Issuance Of Permits For Installing Electrical Construction And Fixing The Fees There-
for; Regulating The Installation of Electrical Construction, Maintenance And Repairs
Of Electrical Wiring, Apparatus, or Equipment For Light, Heat or Power, Within , Upon
Or Attached, To Buildings, Structures, Lots Or Premises With in The City Of Las Vegas
And Providing A Penalty For Violation Of This Ordinance; was Read for a second time.

Upon Motion by Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner German said ordinance was
duly passed, and adopted, and ordered published for one week (6 issues) in the Las Vegas
Review a daily newspaper published in the City Of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance to be design-
ated as Ordinance #137.

Vote as follows Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German Smith, and His Honor The
Mayor voting Aye, Noes None.

Commissioner Thomas introduced the following Resolution

WHEREAS, it appears to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Clark Co; Nevada, that there is great necessity for an enlargement of the present sewer
system in said city, due to the added subdivisions in the community which have no ade-
quate sewerage disposal; and

WHEREAS, the sanitary and health conditions of said City must be preserved at all
times; and

WHEREAS, without an adequate sewer system an epidemic may arise at any time,

BE IT THEREFORE RESOLVED that the Light and sewer Commissioner of said City be
and he is hereby authorized to ascertain as soon as possible, the estimate cost of a
survey of said City of Las Vegas for sewerage disposal, and present the same to this
Board for consideration.

Vote on resolution was as follows; Commissioners German, Hansell, Smith, and
Thomas voting Aye, His Honor the Mayor Aye, Noes None.

Mr. Al Cahlen of the Las Vegas Review was present and
announced to the Board that the Las Vegas Review would publish all notices at the rate of six
(6) publications for the cost of three (3). publications.

The Clerk then read a letter from the Las Vegas B.P. O.Elks thanking the Board for their
check of $100.00 donation to help defray expenses for the State Elks Convention to be held
in Las Vegas the first week in July. Clerk ordered to place same on file.

The Clerk then read a letter from A. P. Slocum making formal application for the
office of City Engineer. Clerk ordered to place same on file for the time being.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting was
recessed till Wed. June 19th at the hour of three o'clock. P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JUNE 19th 1929.

Recessed regular meeting of the of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas Nevada.

Present Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, Mayor pro tem Smith, also the
City Attorney, Engineer for the City, Supt. of Streets and Clerk. Mayor J. F. Hesse being absent.

Meeting called to order by Mayor pro tem. Minutes of previous meeting laid over.

Letter as follows was read to the Board;

Las Vegas Nevada,

June 18th, 1929.

The Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

City.

Gentlemen:- We, the Board of Education of the Las Vegas Union School District, do hereby
petition your Honorable Board to close Lewis St; between Seventh, and Eight Street.

It is absolutely necessary that this street be closed in order that we may carry
out the plans for the new High School P ant.

One block of this ground was donated by the owners of the Wardie Addition, and
the school Board purchased the other block, in order to have sufficient ground for a High
School Plant.

Please advise immediately if this street will be closed, as the plans must be
altered or another location secured.

Yours very truly,

Las Vegas Union School District.

By E. W. Hunting,

Secretary.

"An ordinance Vacating a Portion of Lewis Street in Wardie Addition to the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for high school purposes" was read for the first time to
the Board.

A resolution was introduced by Commissioners Germain that the support to the City
Library be increased to $90.00 per month starting with the first of June, and that the in
crease of $15.00 be applied to the salary of the Librarian, making her salary $75.00 per mo.

Upon motion duly made, and seconded the resolution was adopted.

Motion by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas. Vote as Follows;

Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German Aye,	Mayor Pro tem Smith  Aye.

Noes None.

Application for the Boulder Club for Gaming License was next considered.

Upon motion by Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, and carried
that a gaming license be issued to the Boulder Club for three tables for the third
quarter . Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas Aye, 
the Mayor pro tem Aye. Noes None.

Motion by Commissioner Hansel seconded by Commissioner German carried that the
office of Plumbing Inspector he declare vacant. Vote as follows.
Commissioners Hansell, German and Thomas and	Mayor Pro tem Smith Voting aye

Noes none.

Motion by Commissioner Hansell Seconded by Commissioner German that F. A. Thomason
be appointed plumbing Inspector to succeed W. A. Houser. Plumbing Inspector to file a bond
of $1,000.00 with the City Clerk. Salary to equal the fees up to but not to exceed $150.00.
Carried. Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas Mayor pro tem Smith Aye. 

Noes None.

Motion by Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell that Mr. Ullom be
instructed to order two books to use in regards to the paving bonds. Carried. Vote as
follows. Commissioners Hansell, and German, and Mayor pro tem Smith Aye. Noes None.

Motion by Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German that $5.00 per
month be allowed J. R. Huett Sr. for janitor services for office of City Clerk, and Board
Room. Carried.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell and German voting Aye, Mayor pro tem Smith Aye.
Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time meeting adjourned 

until June 22nd 1929 at the hour of 10:00 A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 2nd 1929.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County Nevada, held on the 2nd day of July 1929, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, Thomas together

with the City Attorney, Engineer for the City, and Clerk.

Commissioner German absent.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

At the special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, the call, and notice

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 2, 1929.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA,

JUNE 22ND 1929.

This being the time set for the hearing of the protests if any on the "Ornamental
Street Lighting System", and upon the inquiry of the Mayor Pro Tem if any had been received
either written or oral at the office of the City Clerk, he was informed that none had been
received.

There was no meeting held due the lack of a quorum. Mayor Pro tem Smith, and the Clerk
of the Board being the only members present.
I hereby by call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held in the Board Boom of the said Board at the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on Tuesday the 2nd day of July
1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering, and acting upon the
following matters:

Applications for gambling licenses

Matters connected with paving improvements.

You are hereby directed to service notice upon all members in accordance with this

call.

J. F. Hesse___

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Notice of Special

Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
Of the City of Las Vegas.

Las Vegas, Nevada July 2nd, 1929.

To J. F. Hesses Mayor, and to O. J. Smith, R. W. Thomas, L. B. Handell, and W. C German

Commissioners.;

You, and	each	of	you are hereby notified, that in accordance with a call issued by

the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of

the City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of the said Board at the County Court
House in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Tues. the 2nd day of

July 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering and acting

upon the following matters:

Applications for gambling licenses

Hatters connected with paving improvements.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Seal.	City Clerk

Due service of the above and foregoing call and notice is hereby admitted this 2nd
day of July 1929. And we hereby assent to the transaction of all business of any kind at
said meeting.

J. F. Hesse

O.	J. Smith 	L. B Hansell

___R. C. Thomas	W. C. German

There upon the Clerk read the minutes of the meetings of June 11th and 19th, and
same were approved, as read.

The following renewals came before the Board at this time for gaming licenses:

Application of A. T. Gilmore for a license for the operation of two gaming tables
the fee of $150.00 being paid, and said applicant being approved by the Police, and Fire
Commissioners. Upon motion duly made, and seconded, and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

Application of Brown & Sanders for a license for the operation of two gaming tables
the fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, and
Fire Commissioner. Upon Motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the
license be issued.

Application of F. S LeRoy for a license for the operation of two gaming tables, the
fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, and Eire
Commissioner. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license
be issued.

Application of Do Ritchie for a license for the operation of two gaming tables the
fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police & Fire

Commissioner. Upon motion	duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the

license be issued.

Application of Leo Kind for a license for the operation of two gaming tables. the
fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, & Fire

Commissioner. Upon notion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license

be issued.

Application of Stocker Brothers for the operation of three gaming tables the fee of
$250.00 being paid, and the same being approved by the Police, and Fire Commissioner. Upon
motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

Application of W. J. Allen for a license for the operation of two gaming tables, the fee
of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Fire, and Police Com-
missioner. Upon motion duly made, seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be
issued.

Application Sam Sterns for a license for the operation of two gaming tables, the fee
of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police & Fire Commis-
sioner. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be
issued.

Application of A. T. McCarter for a license for the operation of three gaming tables
the fee of 250.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police and Fire Commission-
er. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

Application of Rumph and Moran for a license for the operation of two gaming tables,
the fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police and Fire
Commissioner. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried it was ordered that the license
be issued.

Application of Frank Martin for a license for the operation of two tables the fee
of 150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, and Fire Commissioner.

Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license be issued.

Application of L. R. Boyer for a license for operation of two gaming tables, the
fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the Police, and Fire
Commissioner. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that the license
be issued.

	Application of John Scott for a license for the operation of two gaming tables the

fee of $150.00 being paid, and the said applicant being approved by the
Police, and Fire Commissioner. Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered
that the license be issued.

The Applications of Harry Barnett for a gaming license was laid over.

The application of Fairburn and Wilson asking for a new license was laid over also
the application of Hutton and Vest asking for a new license.

This being the time set for the City to either accept or reject the street paving
by the Roche Axman Co.	

The Following motion was made by Commissioners Thomas and seconded by Commissioner
Hansell:	

That Mr. King Supt. of City streets give the newly paved district a through
 inspection with the criticisms that have been heard in view, and report to the Board of

City Commissioners on July 3rd. 1929.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith. Thomas , and His Honor The Mayor
Aye Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
then Adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 3rd 1929.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada held on the 3rd day of July 1929 at the hour of 3:30 o'clock P.M. Present His
Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, Thomas, and the City
attorney, and City Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Las Vegas Nevada, July 3rd, 1929.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held in the Board Room of the said Board at the County Court House in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on Wed. the 3rd day of July 1929 at the
hour of 3:30 o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering and acting upon the following Matters

Matters connected with paving improvements, including final acceptance.

Dispositions of bills and claims filed against the City.

You, are hereby directed to serve notice upon all members in accordance with

this call.

J. F. Hesse.,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Notice of a Special Meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

	Las Vegas, Nevada July 3rd, 1929.

TO: J. F. Hesses Mayor, and to O. J. Smith, W. R. Thomas, L. B. Hansell, and W. C.
German, Commissioners:

You and each of you are hereby notified, that in accordance with a call by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of the said Board at the County Court House in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Wednesday the 3rd day of July 1929
at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering and acting upon the following
matters;

Matters connected with the paving improvements, including final acceptance.

Disposition of of bills and claims filed against the City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

Due service of the above and foregoing call and notice is hereby admitted this 3rd
day of July 1929. And we hereby assent to the transaction of any and all business
of the City of any kind at said meeting.

Dated this 3rd day of July 1929.

J. F. Hesse. Mayor.

O.J. Smith	R. W. Thomas

L. B. Hansell	W. C. German

Minutes of special meeting of July 2nd read and approved as read.

At this time all claims were allowed, that had been present to the Board as shown
by claims, and warrant register in the Clerk's Office.

Mr. King Supt. of Streets was not present at this time to make his report to the
Board in regards to his final inspection of the paving improvements. After due consideration
in regards to the Roche Axman Paving Bill Mayor Hesse Appointed Commissioner Hansell to
approve the bill of the Roche Axman Co; in the absence of Commissioner Berman, Finance Com.

Mr. Pendelton Of Los Angeles, Cal. spoke to the Board for a few minutes on the proposed
ornamental street lighting system.
There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

JULY 4th, 1929.

City

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, July 4th, 1929.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners German and Hansell, City Att.
and Clerk of, the Board.

Absent: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith.

There being no business to come before the Board at this time the meeting was recess-
ed upon motion duly made seconded, and carried, untill Friday the 5th day of July at the
hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of July 1929 at the hour of three o'
clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners, Thomas, Hansell, Smith, and
German to-gether with the City Attorney, Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that monies collected
by the City Clerk, Municipal Judge, and Plumbing Inspector, for Licenses, Fines, and fees re-
spectively totaling $2,739.00 be apportioned as follows: To the Police, and Fire Fund $2,000.00
to the General Fund $591.50, and to the Water, Sewer, and Light Fund $148.00.

Balance of Claims allowed as shown by Claims and Warrent Register on file in the Office
of the Clerk; Reports read, and approved.

There upon an "Ordinance regulation the collection and fixing and establishing rates
and compensations to be collected by any person, company or corporation collection garbage in
the City of Las Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 80 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled:

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Storage, and Removal of Gargage, and
Offal, and Refuse, Animal, and Vegetable Matter," approved January 6th, 19231 and all ordin-
ances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith" was read for a second time and passed at
a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on the 5th day of July 1929, 

upon the following vote: Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None. Ordered published for one week three Issues in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-
weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Said ordinance to be designated
as Ordinance No. 138.

There upon an Ordinance Vacating a Portion of Lewis Street in Wardie Addition to
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada for High School Purposes was read for a second time
and passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 5th day
of July 1929 and upon the following vote : Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor J. F Hesse voting Aye None None. and ordered published for one week
(three issues) in the Las Vegas Age. A tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.
Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance NO. 139.

There upon and Ordinance creating the office of Deputy City Attorney prescribing the
Powers and Duties of such officer defining his qualifications, and providing compensation for
such office" was read for a first time.

There upon an "Ordinance regulating the parking of vehicles in certain portions of

the City of Las Vegas and providing a penalty for the violations thereof, and other matters
relating thereto: was read for a first time.

The following resolution was adopted:

There upon a motion by Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell the follow-
ing Preamble, and Resolution was adopted:

Where as an "Ordinance creating the office of Deputy City Attorney prescribing the
Powers and Duties of such officer, defining his qualifications and providing compensations for
such office has been introduced at this meeting, and read for a first time.

Where as on the account of the press of business in the office of the City Attorney
immediate additional assistance in that office is required in the interest of the welfare of
the people of said City, and the speedy and orderly transaction of the business of the City.

Now therefore be it resolved that an emergency is hereby declared to exist for the
immediate creation of the office of Deputy City Attorney by means of such ordinance and with
the consent of the whole Board it is hereby ordered that the said ordinance be read for a sec-
ond time and voted upon at this meeting as an emergency ordinance.

The vote on the said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German,
Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Nones None.

There upon the Following Ordinance was read for a second time :

An Ordinance creating the office of Deputy City Attorney, prescribing the Powers,
and Duties of such officer, defining his qualifications and providing compensation for such
office.		

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners as an Emergency Ordinance after the
adoption of a Resolution by the said Board showing that a necessity existed for the immed-
iate adoption thereof, upon the following vote: Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayo voting Aye. Noes none. Read for a first, and second time this. 5th
day of July 1929. An ordered published for one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age. A
tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Said Ordinance to be know as ordinance No. 140.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith, and Seconded by Commissioner Thomas
the following preambles, and Resolutions were adopted:

Whereas an Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance regulating the Parking of vehicles
in certain portions of the City Of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the violations
thereof, and other matters relating there to" has been introduced at this meeting, and read
for a first time, and

Whereas on account of the indiscriminate parking of automobiles in the allies
of the City, and the parking of cars for sale on the streets of the said city, and the parking
of vehicles in the business district of said City from which vehicle merchandise is being
sold a condition of congestion of traffic exists which is a menace to the safety, and lives
and property of the inhabitants of the City, and no remedy exists therefore, except an immed-
iate passage of this ordinance.

Now therefore be it resolved that an emergency exists for the passage of said
ordinance, and that with the consent of the whole Board said ordinance be read for a second
time at this meeting, and voted upon as an emergency ordinance.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell,

Smith, and German, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes. None.

Therefore said Ordinance No. 141 was read for a second time at this meeting
and passed upon by the following vote: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.

It was directed that said ordinance be published for one week (three Issues )
in the Las Vegas Age. Atri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk was then instructed to draw a warrent for $2,000.00 to pay off the
First State Bank Emergency Loan, and interest to date.

The following Resolution was then introduced:

That the Present bond furnished Viola Burns, City Clerk, by J. M. Ullom, and

F.	C. DeVinney be released, and that J. M. Ullom, and F. C. DeVinney be released from any
future liabilities of the said Viola Burns, and that the bond of the Maryland Casualty Co.
furnished the said Viola Burns be approved by the Board.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith, and German and 

His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes None.

Thereupon the following resolution was introduced by Commissioners Thomas,
and seconded by Commissioner German that the City pay Mayor Hesse's stenographer $50.00 per
month, half her salary, as she was giving about half her time each day to work for the
City police department, and other City work. Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell
German, and Smith, And His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse Aye. Noes None.
The following resolution was then read to the Board:

ORDER VACATING PORTION OF THE PLAT OF WARDIE ADDITION TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK, COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas and duly carried
the following Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, on the 10th day of May, 1929, and application by the way of a written pet-
ition, signed by all of the owners of the land in the portion of the hereinafter mentioned
plat, proposed to be vacated praying for the vacation of a certain unoccupied portion of the
Plat of Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, which is
of record in Book 1 of Plats page 13, Clark County, Nevada Records, was filed with, and pre-
sented to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meet-
ing of said Board held on said date, the portion of said Plat proposed to be vacated being
hereinafter more particularly described, and set forth in the Order made under the Resolution
herein, and the owners so signing said petition and the parcels of land owned by them respectively
 are described as follows:

Jos. B. Evans, owner of lot No. 18 in Block 22 of said Addition.

Jas. P. Burton, owner of lot No. 19 in Block 22 of said Addition.

South Nevada Land & Development Company, a corporation, owner of Blocks "C2 and
"D" in said Addition.

Miller-Busick Corporation, a corporation, owner of all of Block No. 13; lots Nos.

11 to 22, both numbers inclusive in Block No. 21; lots Nos. 11 to 22, both numbers inclusive
in Block No. 21; lots Nos. 6 to 17 both numbers inclusive in Block No. 22; all in said
Addition, and

Whereas, on the said 10th day of May 1929, order was duly made, and entered upon

the minutes of the said Board of City Commissioners that a copy of the said petition should

be published once a week for four consecutive weeks in a newspaper of general circulation
published in the said City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, there was on the 7th day of June 1929, filed with the City Clerk of the said

City of Las Vegas, and affidavit of C. P. Squires, publisher of the Las Vegas, Age, a tri-

weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada, to the
effect that a copy of such petition had been published in the said Las Vegas Age once
a week for four consecutive weeks, Namely on May 14, May 21, May 28, and June 4th, 1929, and
said petition and said affidavit of publication are on file among the records of said City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and

Whereas, this 5th day of July 1929 is the next regular meeting of the said Board
of City Commissioners after the filing of said application, and proof of publication, and

Whereas, the Board of City COMMISSIONERS of the said City of Las Vegas have this
5th day of July 1929, at a recessed regular meeting of said Board, heard, and considered said
Petition, and no one having made or filed any objection to or contested the matters set forth
in said Petition, and it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that neither the public
nor any person will materially injured thereby, upon the making of the order prayed for,
and it further appearing that said portion of said plat, hereinafter more particularly de-
scribed, has for more than five years prior to the filing of said application and petition
remained unoccupied, and the streets, and alleys thereof are not necessary to the use and /
or convenience of residents of the occupied portions of said Plat, and that said unoccupied.
portions of said plat is now unoccupied, and that such unoccupied portion of said Plat is
bounded or, the Southerly side by the southerly boundary of said Plat, and that all of the mat-
ters hereinabove recited are true, and that the publication of said copy of s id petition has
been made as required by law, and the Order of this Board,	

Be it resolved that it be and is hereby ordered that said portion of said Plat in of
Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark State of Nevada, and the
streets, and alleys therein, be and the same are hereby vacated as follows;

Commencing at the Northwest (NW) corner of Block Thirteen (13) said Addition, and running
thence three hundred (300) feet Southeasterly along the Northerly boundary Line of said
Block Thirteen (13) to the Northeast corner of said Block thirteen (13): thence northerly
eighty (80) feet to the Southeast corner of Block Fourteen (14) in said Addition; thence
eighty (80) feet in an Easterly direction across Ninth Street to the Southwest corner of
Block Twenty-one (21) in said Addition; thence Northerly one hundred fifty (150) feet along
the Westerly boundary of said Block twenty-one (21) to the southwest corner of lot ten (10)
in said Block twenty-one (21); thence easterly one hundred forty (140) feet along the Souther-
ly boundary of said lot ten (10) to the Southeast corner of said lot ten (10); thence Easterly 
across the alley running Northerly and southerly through said Block twenty-One  (21)
a distance of twenty feet (20) to the Southwest corner of Lot twenty-three (23) in said Block
twenty-one (21); Thence Southeasterly one hundred forty (140) feet to the Southeast corner of
lot twenty-three (23) in said Block twenty-one (21); thence Northeasterly one hundred twenty-
five (125) feet to the Northeast corner of lot twenty-seven (27) in Block twenty-one (21); thence
southeasterly eighty (80) feet across Tenth Street to the Southwest corner of lot five (5)
in Block twenty-two (22) in said Addition; thence Southeasterly along the Southerly line of
said lot five (5) one hundred forty (140) feet to- the Southeast corner of said lot five (5)
thence Southeasterly twenty (20) feet across the alley running northerly, and southerly through
said Block twenty-two (22) to a point on the Easterly line of said alley; thence at a right
angle Northeasterly a distance of one hundred twenty-five (125) feet to the Northwest corner
of lot nineteen (19) in said Block twenty-two (22); thence southeasterly along the Northerly
line of said lot nineteen (19) one hundred forty (140) feet to the Northeast corner of said
lot nineteen (19); thence Southeasterly along the Northerly line of said Block twenty-two 

(22) projected southeasterly to a point on the East line of said Wardie Addition; thence Southerly
point on the East line of said Addition; thence Southerly along the East line of said Addition
one hundred forty-five and eight-tenths (145.8) feet to the southeast corner of said Addition
thence westerly thirteen hundred nineteen and six-tenths (1319.6) feet along the Southerly
line of said Addition to the Southwest corner of said Addition; thence Northerly forty (40)
feet along the West line of said Addition to a point; thence Easterly parallel to the South
line of said Addition forty-four (44) feet to a point on the West Line of of Block Thirteen
(13) in said Addition; thence Northeasterly two hundred sixteen (216) feet along the West line
Block thirteen (13) in said Addition to the point of beginning.

Be it Further Resolved that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas certify to
the passage and adoption of the foregoing Preambles and Resolution, constituting the Order
of this Board, and cause the same to be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
Clark County, State of Nevada, after having notarial acknowledgement to her signature to
such certification. The vote on said resolution was as follows:

Commissioners, Smith, Hansell, German, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None,

The appointing of the Electrical Inspector came before the Board at this time, and
after a lengthy discussion no decision was reached, and the matter was laid over till the
next meeting of the Board.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recess until Tuesday the 9th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF TEE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

JULY 9th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, held on the 9th day of July 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners, Smith, Hansell, Thomas,
and German, also the Attorney for the City, Engineer for the City, and Clerk.

Minutes of the meetings of July 3rd, July 4th, and July 5th read, and approved

as read.

The appointing of Electrical Inspector then came before the Board. Count of the
ballot cast showed Lloyd Payne 4 E. Roland Brauch 1.

There upon Commissioners Thomas made a motion that Lloyd Payne be appointed Elect-
rical Inspector, seconded by Commissioner Hansell.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith, and German, and His Hon-
or the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting aye. Noes None.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by construct-
ing, erecting, and installing an ornamental street lighting system on certain streets, and
portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements
providing that the cost, and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assess-
ment upon all the lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established,
according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain
portions thereof are required to be paid from the general fund of the said City of Las
Vegas, and other matters relating thereto: was read for a second time, and passed
this 9th day of July 1929, and ordered published for one week (six issues) in the Las
Vegas Review, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas and His

Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.



The Clerk was ordered to draw a warrant to cover the cost of the paving of
First street in front of the lot owned by the City.

Mr. Miller of the Marbelite Co; and Mr. Pendelton of the Union Metal Mfg. Co;
were present, and spoke to the Board about their respective ornamental lights. Mr. Ferron,

of the City Planing Committee also reported to the Board his investigation of ornamental
light while in Southern Calif.

Mr. King's report of his inspection of the newly paved district was filed with
the Clerk of the Board.

After due consideration the Clerk was directed to draw a warrant for $955.96
the final payment due Mr. A. P. Slocum as per his contract as engineer for the City.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thurs. July 11th at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

JULY 11th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 11th day of July 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell, German,
and Engineer for the City, City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of July 9th read, and approved as read.

There upon the deed deeding to the City, for Park purposes, only, a tact of land from the
Las Vegas Land, and Water Co. was read to the Board, and reported that same compared with ori-
ginal deed, and had been recorded with the County Recorder.

There upon a motion was made by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell
that the Clerk place the deed on file ..... Carried.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

The Bond of Lloyd S. payne was presented to the Board, in the sum of $1,000.00 as
bond for newly appointed Electrical Inspector.

There upon Commissioner Hansell made a motion seconded by Commissioner German
that the bond be excepted, and placed on file in the Clerk's office.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

L. M. Burge, Deputy State Quarantine Officer appeared before the Board at this
time in behalf of the Noxious Weed infestation in this county. He ask that the Board appropriate
the sum of $100.00 to help in this work.

There upon the Motion of Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas the
Clerk was ordered to draw a warrant for $100.00 from the publicity fund, and forward same to
Local Farm Bureau. Carried.

Vote as follows: Commissioner Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the

mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

	The Application, and Permit of the Grand View Water Company Inc; was read to the
Board, and after due consideration was returned to Leo A. McNamee, Attorney of the Company for correction

	There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the
meeting accessed till Fri. July 12th, 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, NEVADA.

JULY 12TH, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of

Las	Vegas, County of Clark, Nevada held Friday July 12th, 1929 at the hour of 8:30 o'clock

P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Smith, German, and
Hansell together with the City Attorney, Engineer for the City and Clerk.

Minutes of	the meeting of July 11th 1929, and read, and approved as read.



Bond of Frank A. Thomason was plumbing Inspector presented to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas, Seconded Commissioners German that the bond
be excepted, and placed on file with the Clerk.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon the audit of W. J. Hooper of the books of former City Clerk Scott were
read to the Board. Books reported in good condition, and had been well, and orderly kept.
Motion duly made seconded, and carried that the audit of W. J. Hooper of the books of former
City Clerk Scott be excepted.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayo voting Aye. Noes. None.

Upon the Motion of Commissioner L. B. Hansell seconded by Commissioner O. J. Smith
the following Resolution, and Preambles were duly adopted:

Whereas, under the provisions of Ordinance No. 131 of the City of Las Vegas, in
Section 4 thereof, approved July 5th 1929, it was provided that the installments of special
assessments for street improvements should bear interest at the same rate as that provided for
in the bonds to be issued to cover the unpaid assessments at the expiration of fifty days from
the date of the confirmation and recording of the assessment roll therein authorized, and

Whereas, under the provisions of Sec. 9 of Ordinance No. 133 of the City of Las
Vegas bonds are provided to be issued by said City of Las Vegas to provide for the unpaid ass-
essments aforesaid, and

Whereas, by the terms of Ordinance No. 134 of the City of Las Vegas provision
was made for the issuance of bonds of said City to cover said unpaid assessments, and pro-
vision therein in also made for the collection of said unpaid assessments by the division of
the same into ten annual and equal installments and for the placing of said installments on
the tax roll of Clark County, Nevada and collection the same in the manner the same as state
and county taxes are collected by law, and in Section 4 thereof providing for interest on
said installments and the decreasing amounts of said assessments at the rate of seven per
cet. per annum, payable annually, and,

Whereas, the interest provided in said bonds, as fixed by the Board of City Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas pursuant to the accepted bid of said bonds was and is
at the rate of six and one-half per cent per annum, instead of seven percent, per annum as
provided in said Ordinance No. 134

Now Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the annual interest on said unpaid assess-
ments, and the annual installments thereof, as shown by Special Assessment Roll No. 11 of

the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby reduced to and fixed at the six and one-

half per cent, per annum, instead of seven percent per annum, payable annually, and that the
Resolution be adopted by this Board on the 4th day of March, 1929, requiring the County Ass-
essor of the County of Clark State of Nevada, ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas,
to levy the installments of one-tenth of said unpaid installments for the year 1929, with
interest thereon, and on the whole of said assessments at the rate of seven per cent per
annum, be, and the same is hereby modified and amended so that the rate of said interest
shall be six and one-half per cent per annum instead of seven per cent per annum, payable
annually, and that all future installments and the decreasing amounts of said assessments shall
bear interest at the rate of six and one-half per cent per annum, instead of seven percent
per annum, interest to be payable annually as otherwise heretofore provided by the provisions
of the above-mentioned Ordinances.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED? that the City Clerk of  the City of Las Vegas certify to
a copy of this resolution under the seal of said City, and forthwith deliver the same to
the County Assessor of said County of Clark, the ex-officio City Assessor of said City of
Las Vegas:

Vote as Follows: Commissioners, Hansell, Smith, German, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner W. C German, seconded by Commissioner R. W. Thomas the
following Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted;

Whereas at a recessed meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held at the Board Room of the said Board in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nev-
ada on the 4th day of March 1929, the following Order was made by said Board, which Order
was made at the same time and at the same meeting of said Board that the City Tax Levy for
the year 1929 was made, and said Board through inadvertence, and oversight was not entered
upon the minutes of said meeting, and it is desired that such an order be placed of record
in the Minute Book of the proceedings of said Board, to take effect as of the date of the
making of said Order, namely the 4th day of March 1929.

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the following Order be placed in the minute
book of said Board of the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be effective as
the date of the 4th day of March, 1929, namely:

On motion of Commissioner O.J. Smith seconded by Commissioner W. C German the
following RESOLUTION was duly adopted:

Resolve that the County Assessor of the County of Clark, acting ex-officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be, and he is hereby required to levy for the
year 1929 on and against the several owners and premises enumerated in Special Assessment
Roll No. 11 of the City of Las Vegas, except as to such owners and premises where their
respective assessments contained therein have heretofore been paid and discharged in full
an installment of one-tenth of each respective unpaid assessment, as authorized by the terms
of Ordinances No. 131 and 134 of the City of Las Vegas, together with interest on the total
amount of each of said respective, unpaid assessments from the 24th day of January 1929 the
last mentioned date being the fiftieth day from the date of the confirmation and recording
of said Special Assessment Roll No. 11 of the City of Las Vegas, at the rate of seven per
cent per annum payable annually, that is to say, that said respective installments, and

said interest for the year 1929 shall be paid on or before one year from the first day of

January 1929, and said respective installments together with the said interest, as above
provided, shall be by said County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor be place on the
Tax Roll of Clark County for the year 1929 on and against the several owners and premises
where the said assessments on said property were not paid within fifty days from the date of
the confirmation and recording of said Assessment Roll No. 11, namely the 24th day of Jan-
uary 1929, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio City Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the Tax Roll of
Clark County, Nevada for the year 1929, and to extend the same in a special column for spec-
ial assessments on said Tax Roll of Clark County. The vote on said resolution was as

follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, Neagle, and. German and the Mayor Aye Noes None."

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk certify to a copy of this Resolution
and deliver the same forthwith to said County Assessor, ex-officio City Assessor.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith, German
Thomas, and the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioners Thomas, Seconded by Commission-
er Hansell, and carried that the City Clerk's office close Saturdays at 12 noon.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas, Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Mr. Miller of the Marbelite Company appeared before the Board at this time, and
a lengthy discussion on the ornamental street lights ensued.

The Specifications for the ornamental street lights as prepared by Mr. Miller,
and Mr. Waggoner of Los Angeles was read to the Board at this time.

A motion was introduced by Commissioner Smith, and Seconded by Commissioner Ger-
man that the Specification be accepted.



A motion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Thomas 
that the Specifications be amended to include metal standards as well as re-enforced concrete.

Vote on Motion as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Commissioners German, and Smith Voting No.

The meeting then recessed until Tuesday July 16th at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 16th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada held in the Board Room of said Board on July 16th, 1929
at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present His honor the Mayor J. F Hesse, Commissioners O.J. Smith, L. B. Hansell,

R.	W Thomas, and W. C German together with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of July 12th 1929 read, and approved as read.

Specifications Covering the collection of garbage in the City of Las Vegas, for
a period of five years, commencing July 16th 1929, and ending July 16th, 1934 was read
to the Board at this time.

	Thereupon a resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, and Seconded by

Commissioners Smith that the Specifications be accepted.	

Vote as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, German and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

A motion was then introduced by Commissioner Smith, and Seconded by Com-
missioner German that the Specifications be amended, and include a section to be known
as Section 17.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

A motion was then made by Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Hansell
that Section 17 of the Specification be amended.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, and Seconded by Commissioner Smith Section
17 was again amended.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Thomas, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Smith
that the Specification be accepted as amended. Section 17 to read, "Will provide Free
City dump immediately, and also take up paper and refuse, and contents from City Cans
and scrap met 1 promptly without charge."

Vote as follows; Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye, Noes None.

The bid of H. T. Hempstead for the Garbage contract	under these Specifi-



cations, and the new Garbage Ordinance NO. 158 was read to the Board.

There upon Motion of Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Thomas
- the garbage contract was let to H. T. Hempstead the Mayor J. F. Hesse, and the City Clerk
Viola Burns be authorized to execute the contract on be half of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor

the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time the consideration of the Specifications for the Ornamental Streets
came before the Board. After a long discussion, and due consideration a motion was in-
troduced by Commissioner Thomas, and Seconded by Commissioner Hansell that specifications
read as follows;

Section 3. Ornamental Lighting Standards.

(a) The standards shall be two-light standards made of reinforced concrete,
manufactured by the horizontal centrifugal oscillatory process, or of a make equally
as good.

(b) The cross-arm shall be of the same material and texture as the shaft, or
equally as good.

(c ) Each standard shall be reinforced with eight (8) longitudinal rods con-
sisting of four (4) 5/8" round bars and four (4) 3/8" round bars: circular rings shall
be welded to the longitudinal rods as shown on standard post plan #2 and made apart of
these specifications, or of a make equally as good.

(d) Standards must be true to design and manner of construction, bids will be
considered on standards shown in plan #2 and made a part of these specifications, or of
a make equally as good.

(e) Lighting standards shall be made in aluminum moulds: the steel rein-
forcing being held in place by means of tension on the longitudinal bars or shall be
of a make equally as good.

Wherever the words City Engineer appears the same to read Engineer in
charge for the City of Las Vegas.

Vote as follows; Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon a motion as was made by Commissioner Smith, and seconded by Commissioner 
German that the Specifications be accepted as amended.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Smith German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the
meeting recessed until Friday July 19th 1929 at the hour of three o'clock.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 19th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. Held July 19th 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesses, Commissioners L.B. Hansell, O.J. Smith,

R.	W. Thomas, and W. C. German together with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of the meeting of July 16th read, and approved as read.

The Permit to the Brand View Water Company Inc. to lay and maintain a water system
in Grand View Addition to the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board a second time, and
Section 4 had been corrected to read:"

Section 4. Said Permittee will install and maintain at own expense for each block
one fire plug, of such design as shall be designated by the Chief of the Fire Department of
the City of Las Vegas, at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from time to
time designate. No charge shall be charged the City of Las Vegas for water used from fire
plugs for fire extinguishment and prevention and other reasonable public purposes.

There upon a motion as introduced by Commissioners Thomas, and Seconded by Com-
missioner Smith that permit be granted Grand View Water Co. Inc. and the Mayor J. F. Hesse,
Water Sewer, and Light Commissioner L. B. Hansell, and the City Clerk Viola Burns be author-
ized to act for the City and carried.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon an " Application for Permit to extend a Permanent Portico over the
Street" upon lots 13 and 14 of Block 55, that is to say 113, and 115 South Fourth St; was
read to the Board.

There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioner German, and Seconded by
Commissioner Hansell and carried that Application for a permit be granted.
Vote as follows: Commissioner German, Hansell, Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

RESOLUTION OF THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY STATE OF , NEVADA.

WHEREAS, PIONEER TITLE & TRUST COMPANY, a corporation, has on this 19th day of July
1929, filed its application with this Board for a permit to construct and maintain permanent
portico over the street adjacent to its building situate at 113, and 115 South Fourth Street,
City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the said application has hereto fore been approved by the City Planning
Commission of the City of Las Vegas, and,

WHEREAS, it appears that the said portico, and supports are of such architectural
design and quality that the same will beautify the street upon which it is situate and will
increase the value of the surrounding property, and same conforms with the plans for the fut-
ure growth of the city, and will be for the comfort and benefit fo the general public of said
city, and good cause appearing therefore, be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas; inregular meeting here assembled, that the application of the Pioneer Title
Insurance, and Trust Company, a corporation, hereto fore filed on the 19th day of July 1929,
be, and same is hereby granted, and the Mayor, and the City Clerk of Las V gas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, are hereby authorized, and directed to give, and grant to the Pioneer
Title Insurance & Trust Company permission to construct, and maintain a permanent portico to-
gether with the necessary posts, and its supports, upon and over the side walk at 113, and 115
South Fourth Street, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, which said portico
and post shall conform to the plans, and specifications referred to in said application.

Board of City Commissioners oh the City of
Las Vegas.

By J. F. Hesse

Attest:	Its Mayor.

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

The fore going Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, and seconded by
Commissioner Hansell, and passed.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

"AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS REGULATING THE ERECTION, CONSTRUCTION,
ENLARGEMENT, ALTERATION, REPAIR, MOVING, REMOVAL, DEMOLITION, CONVERSION, OCCUPANCY, EQUIPMENT,
USE, HEIGHT, AREA, AND MAINTENANCE OF ALL BUILDINGS AND /OR STRUCTURES IN THE CITY OF BAS
VEGAS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS AND COLLECTION OF FEES THEREOF; PROVIDING PEN-
ALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; DECLARING AND, ESTABLISHING FIRE ZONES; REPEALING ORDINANCES
NOS. TWENTY-SEVEN (27) , FIFTY-NINE (59), SIXTY-ONE (61), AND SEVENTY-TWO (72), OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS AND ALL OTHER ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,

was read to the Board for a first time.

There being no further business to come before the Board at the time the meet-
ing recessed till Tuesday July 23rd 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 23rd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held on the
23rd day of July 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners L. B. Hansell, and W. C German
together with the City Attorney, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners O. J. Smith, and R. W. Thomas.

Minutes of the meeting of July 19th read, and approved as read.

There upon Commissioner W. C. German introduced a resolution that Dan V. Noland be
appointed Deputy City Attorney, without compensation, to furnish a bond of One Thousand
dollars (1,000.00) the same to be approved by the Board, and to hold office during the pleas-
of the Board. Resolution seconded by Commissioner Hansell.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes None.

There upon the Bond of Dan V. Noland was presented to the Board in the sum of One
Thousand Dollars, ($1,000.00) same being furnished by H. D. Busick of the Bank of Southern
Nevada, and A. S Henderson of the Law Firm of Stevens, Henderson & Noland.

There upon motion of Commissioners German seconded by Commissioner Hansell, and carried
that Bond of Dan V. Noland be accepted.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes None.
An Ordinance providing the manner of parking vehicles in certain areas of the City
of Las Vegas for a period of sixty days from and after the passage, approval and complete
publication of the Ordinance providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance, and
other natters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a first time.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to defray the
coats of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by constructing, erecting,
and installing an ornamental street lighting system complete, including conduits, cables,
standards, lighting units and all appurtenances thereto on certain streets and portions of
streets in said City, according to plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in
the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of
said improvements, stating the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and
premises to be assessed according to benefits providing for the payment thereof, and other
matters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a first time.

A letter from Mr. A. E Cahlan of the Las Vegas Review was read to the Board in re-
gards to the condition of the sidewalk in front of the Review Building. The Clerk was directed 
to notify Commissioner O. J. Smith, Street Commissioner to have same placed in repair.

The design, and estimate of a new sewer system as prepared by the Nevada Engineering
and Construction Service Corp. was read to the Board. Also the estimate of King & Malone of
Reno in regards to the same matter.

There being no further business to come before the Board the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 1st 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held in the Board Room of
said Board Thurs. August 1st 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present His honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, German, Thomas together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of July 23rd read and approved as read.

Bills for the City for the month of July allowed as per Claims and Warrent Register.

Reports of Plumbing Inspector, Chief of Police, Municipal Judge, and City Clerk
presented to the Board, and same were approved.

Upon motion duly made seconded and carried the monies from the above sources were
divided as follows:

$166.75 W.S. and L. Fund

3397.00	General Fund

4000.00	Police and Fire Fund.

$	7563.75 Total for the Month of July.

The Clerk was instructed to write the State Board of Stock Commissioners as to 
arrangement for a milk inspecter for the City.

A Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Smith, and Seconded by Commissioner Thomas
that the City relinquish its right to the section of land held for an airport so that the
Western Air Express might lease same from the Department of the Interior to be used for
and air port.

Vote as follows: Commissioner Smith, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes

None.

The Bond of H. T. Hempstead was presented to the Board for Approval.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Smith Seconded by Commissioner Thomas, and Carried the
bond was accepted. The Mayor and the City Clerk to act for the City.

Vote as follows: Commissioner Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes. None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas, and carried that
the City be released for the bond of Fred B. Blakeley former Plumbing Inspector for the City.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye,

Noes None.

The following resolution was introduced:

Whereas A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the City of Las Vegas, has hereto fore made final
inspection, and approval of the work done by the Roche Axman Company for Street improve-
ments in the City of Las Vegas under contract with the City of Las Vegas bearing date the
13th day of March 1929, and said Engineer has made and filed in writing a final estimate
of the amount of work done thereunder, and his report, and approval of said work, and
Whereas, from said report, and from an independent investigation made on behalf of
the Board of City Commissioners by the street Superintendent, this Board is satisfied
as to the amount of work preformed as to the acceptable fulfillment of said contract,

Now therefore. Be It Resolved that the said work under said contract be, and the
same is hereby accepted, and that final payment in accordance with the said final estimate
be made thirty-five (35) days from the passage, and adoption of this Resolution.

Motion introduced by Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas, and carried.
Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes None.
Upon notion duly made seconded, and carried the Mayor J. Hesse, and Commissioner
O.J. Smith were each allowed forty-five (45) days leaf of absence.

An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the erection, construction, enlargement
alteration, repair, moving, removal, demolition, conversion, occupancy, equipment, use, height,
area, and maintenance of all buildings and /or structures in the City of Las Vegas; providing
for the issuance of permits and collection of fees therefor; providing penalties for the viola-
tion thereof: declaring, and establishing fire zones; repealing Ordinances Nos. Twenty-seven (27)
-nine (59), Sixty-one (61) and Seventy-two (72) of the City of Las Vegas, and all other
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith:

Was read for a second time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Smith, and
Thomas, and His honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None. The same was ordered published in the
Las Vegas Review, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk was directed to order twenty (20) copies of the Uniform Building Code, and have
same on sale in the Clerk's Of ice. Three (3) copies to placed on file with the map of the fire
zones all to be dated this 1st day of August 1929.

An Ordinance providing the manner of parking vehicles in certain areas of the City of Las
Vegas for a period of sixty days from, and after the passage, approval, and complete publication
of this ordinance, providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance, and other matters
relating thereto; was read for a second time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners
Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None. Same was ordered published in
the Las V gas Age, tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

AUGUST 5th 1929.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada held on the 5th day of August 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Protem Smith. Commissioners L. B, Mansell, R. W Thomas, and W. C German.

together with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor Pro tem.

CALL FOR A Special Meeting.

Las Vegas Nevada, Aug. 5th 1929.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

Call is hereby made for a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of the said Board in the County Court House in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on the 5th day of August 1929, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M. to take up, consider and act upon the question of purchasing a new automobile for
the Police Department of said City, and turning the old Buick auto upon such purchase.

You will give notice to all Commissioners in accordance with this Call.

Done in the absence of the Mayor from the State this 5th day of August 1929.

O.J. Smith

Mayor Pro. Tem.

Las Vegas Nevada Aug. 5th 1929.

To O.J. Smith, Mayor Pro. Tem. C. German, R. W, Thomas, and L. B. Hansell Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to a call this day issued there for by the Mayor Pro. Tem. of the City of
Las Vegas, in the absence of the Mayor from the State upon leave, you are hereby notified that
there will a special meeting of the said Board, held in the Board Room of said Board in the
County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada on Monday the 5th day of August
1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to take up, consider, and act upon the question of purchas-
ing a new automobile for the Police Department of said City, and turning in the old Buick auto
upon such purchase.

Given under my hand and seal of the City of Las Vegas the day and year first above

written.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

Due service of the foregoing Call and notice is hereby admitted this 5th day of August 1929.

O.J. Smith

R. W. Thomas	Mayor Pro. Tem.

L. B Hansell
W. C. German

Commissioners

After due consideration the following Motion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell,
and seconded by Commissioner German: Commissioner Thomas purchase a car for the Police Depart-
ment to cost not more than $1600.00 to turn old Buick in on a new car to agency that would allow
the most for the old car on the trade in, to make immediate delivery of car. The type of car to
be left up to Commissioner Thomas's judgment, and that the car should be purchased for cash.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell ,and Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith
voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	

AUGUST 20th, 1929.

At a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Held
August 20th ,1929 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell together with the City Attorney, and

Clerk.

Call for Special Meeting.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

The undersigned being two Commissioners of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas do hereby call a special meeting of the said Board to be held at the Council Room
of sail Board in the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada on Tuesday the 20th day of August 1929 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. to take up and
consider at said meeting the following matters:

1.	To act upon an application of the South Nevada Land & Development Co. for a permit
to use the streets, and alleys of Wardie Addition for the construction and alteration and main-
tenance of a water system.

2.	To act on matters concerning the location and holding of the Municipal Court.

3.	To act on map of Lot 4 Block 1 Artesian Acres.

4.	To provide blanks, forms and supplies for an accounting system.

You will give notice in accordance with this call.

Respectfully yours,

	W. C German

R. W. Thomas.

Notice of Special Meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and to each of you:

Pursuant to a call issued by W. C. German, and R. W Thomas, two Commissioners of the
said Board, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City will be held at
the Council Room of the said Board at the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Tues-
day, the 20th day of August 1929 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. to take up and consider the
following matters set forth in such call, to-wit:

1.	To act upon the application of the South Nevada Land & Development Company for a per-
mit to use the street, and alleys of Wardie Addition for the construction, and alteration, and
maintenance of a water system.

2. To act upon matters concerning the location, and holding of the Municipal Court.

3. To act on the map of Lot 4 Block 1 in Artesian Acres.

4.	To provide blanks, forms, and supplies for an accounting system.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

Due service of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted this 20th day of August 1929. Mayor
Hesse, and O.J. Smith being absent on leave from the City of Las Vegas, and their exact where-
abouts being unknown and not easily ascertainable.

L.B. Hansell
W.C. German

R. W Thomas.

Commissioners.

The following application was presented to the Board:

Application for Permit to use Streets, and Alleys of Wardie Addition.

Las Vegas, Nevada,

Aug. 20th, 1929.

To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

Application is hereby made to your Honorable Board for a Permit to install, lay
and maintain a water system in Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in accord-
ance with the form of permit presented herewith.

Respectfully yours,

South Nevada Land and Development Co;

By H. D. Buzick. 

Its Attorney in fact and authorized
 Agent.

M.	D. Buczick being present he present to the Board a Permit for the use of the streets,
and alleys of Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas.

A resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, and seconded by Commissioner Hansell
that the Permit be granted to the South Nevada Land & Development Co. that the Commission-
er Water Sewer, and Lights, L. B. Hansell, and City Clerk Viola Burns to act on behalf
of the City of Las Vegas. Resolution was carried by the following vote; Commissioners
German, Hansell, and Thomas voting Aye. Noes None.

C. D. Baker then present to the Board a map of Block 4 Lot one of Artesian Acres,
belonging to R. D. Bingham, and Wife, and A. H. Harrington, and wife for approval of the

Board


There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German that
the map of said plot be approved, and the Clerk act on behalf of the City.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansee, and Thomas voting Aye. Noes None.

The matter of an office for the Municipal Judge was next to be considered, and
after due consideration the following Preambles, and Resolution was adopted;

Upon Motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the follow-
ing Preambles, and Resolution was adopted:

WHEREAS, suitable quarters for the holding of sessions of the Municipal Court of
the City of Las Vegas have been provided by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at No. 108 North Second Street in Clark's Las Vegas, Townsite in said City in a
building situate at the north end of lots 21 and 22 in Block No. 15 of Clark's Las Vegas,
Townsite,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the court room provided therein be, and the same
is hereby designated as the Court Room of the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas,
where all sessions of such Municipal Court shall hereafter, until further order of this
Board be held,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas be noti-
fied by the City Clerk of the passage of this Resolution,

EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that hereafter all sessions of the Municipal Court be held
in said Municipal Court Room, until the further order of the Board,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that from, and after the date of the passage of this Re-
solution no further rent be paid by the City of Las Vegas, for the Court Room of said
Municipal Court at any place other than the above mentioned Court Room, until further or-
der of this Board.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time the matter of installing a new accounting system in the City of Las Vegas
was brought before the Board. After due consideration a motion was introduced by Com-
missioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Thomas that the City install a new account-
ing system, same to be installed by Mr. Black from the office of W.J. Hooper. This system to
include all City official that handle any monies of the City what so ever. Mr. Blackman to
render his services when ever need until the system is in full operation. The City books to
be subject to a quarterly audit. Same to cost the City approximately $75.00 per quarter per
audit.

Motion carried by the following vote: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell voting
Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meet-
ing then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. -

Aug. 28th, 1929.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, held on August 28th, 1929 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, an d Commissioners, Hansell, German, and
Thomas together with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

CALL

Las Vegas, Nevada, Aug. 28th, 1929.

	To--- Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas is hereby called, to be held at the office room of said Board in the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on the 28th day of August 1929
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider, and act upon the following matters:

1.	The appointment of a Building Inspector.

2.	The application of Tutor Scherer for a gaming license at the Pavillion at

Lorenzi's resort in said City.

3.	The application of Chas. E. Taylor for a gaming license at 127 So. 1st St;

You will give notice in accordance with this call.

J. F. Hesse.	

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE.

To -- R. W. Thomas, J.F. Hessse, L. B. Hansell, and W. C. German. Commissioners, and Mayor 

of the City of Las Vegas:

	You are hereby notified that pursuant to a cell this day issued by the Mayor J. F. Hesse

of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioner of the
of the City of Las Vegas, will be held at the office Room of the said Board in the County
Court House in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on the 28th day of
August 1929 at the hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following matters:

1.	The appointment of Building Inspector.

2. The application of of Tutor Scherer for a rambling license at the Pavillion
at Loronzi's Resort, in said City.

3.	The application of Charles E. Taylor for a gambling license at #127 So. First

Street in said City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

Acceptance of Service.

The undersigned, being respectively the Mayor, and Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas do hereby acknowledge due service of the above and foregoing notice this 28th day
of August 1929. It appearing that O.J. Smith Commissioner is at this tine out of the
and state of Nevada, and his exact location being unknown and not easily ascertainable.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor.	R. W. Thomas.

L. B. Hansell.

W. C. German

Commissioners.

The application of Tutor Scherer was present to the Board for their approval.

The same being already being approved by the Police, and fire Commissioner R. W. Thomas
There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner
German that a gaming license be issued to Tutor Scherer for the operation of two tables.
Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Nones None.

The application of Chas. E. Taylor was next present to the Board, for a gaming
license. Same being approved by the Police, & Fire Commissioner R. W Thomas.

There upon a notion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell, and Seconded by Com-
missioner German that the license be granted.	Carried.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

The appointment of a Building Inspector next came before the Board.

The names of the following being presented to the Board.

Joseph S. Smith.

W. E. Robertson
J. Buren Evans.

Lloyd B. Jennings.

Paul Werner.

Paul D. Hosman.

The following Resolution was on motion of Commissioner W. C. German, seconded,
by Commissioner R. W. Thomas, duly adopted:

Resolve until the further notice of the Board the City Building Inspector,
be entitled to receive and shall be paid monthly an amount equal to the fees collected here-
under each month, up to but not to exceed Two Hundred Fifty Dollars ($250.00) and such
amount shall be in full compensation for all services rendered; provided that the City shall
not be liable in any respect for the difference between the amount of the fees collected
and too said sum of Two Hundred Fifth Dollars ($250.00).

Be it further resolved that the City Building Inspector hold office at the
pleasure of the Board:

Be it further Resolved that the City Building Inspector, when appointed,
qualify by taking the official oath of office, and giving a bond in the sum of Two Thous-
and Dollars ($2,000.00) to be approved by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas:

Be it further Resolved that such Building Inspector maintain as office with
a phone at his own expense.	

The Vote on the Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German,
and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Hoes None.

There upon a paper ballot was cast for the office of Building Inspector.

The count of the ballots cast showed Paul Hosman 1111. Ho vote being cast for
any of the other candidates. There upon Paul Hosman was declared appointed to the office
of Building Inspector.

There being no further business to cone before the Board at this time the
meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF



LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	SEPT. 5th, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada told Sept. 3rd 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

Present O. J. Smith, Mayor Pro Tem. Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell to-
gether with the City Attorney, and Clerk. Absent Mayor J. F. Hesse.

Minutes of regular meeting held Aug. 1st, 1929, and Special meetings held August 5th
20th and 28th read, and approved as read.

At this time all claims were allowed for the moth of August as shown in the Claims
and Warrant Register in the Clerk's Office.

Monies collected for the month of August by the various City Departments follows:

Municipal Court	§1779.00

City Licenses	1005.00

Plumbing Inspector	140.25

Electrical "	132.50.

3056.75 Total collections for the month.

The monies collected were proportioned as follows:

$2,000.00 Police & Fire Fund.	$439.87 was taken from the Emergency Fund, and

916.50	General.	99.91 ''	"	" (putin General Fund

140.25 W. S. & L.	General and put to Highway Bond.

55.40 N. Main St. wid. fund to General Fund.

1603.96 to General from 1928 Paving fund.

An Ordinance to Amend, Revise, and Re-enact, Section 2 of Ordinance No. 36 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance Providing for the issuance of plumbing and sewer connection
Permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and for the regulation and con-
struction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas" and to repeal all Ordinances and parts
of Ordinances in conflict therewith: was read to the Board for a first time.

An Ordinance Vacating the alley running northerly and southerly through Blocks numbers
Eight and Nine in Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for High school
purposes, was read to the Board for a first time.

The next matter taken up for consideration of the Board was the final payment upon the
contract of the Roche-Axman Company on Street improvements under contract of March 13th, 1929,
which payment is represented by the verified statement of said Roche-Axman Company of date the
1st day of  August 1929, in the sum of $3378.05. A discussion of the matter was had.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, the follow-
ing Preambles, and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas it appears from the verified statement of the Roche-Axman Company, approved by
A. P. Slocum, Engineer for the City, that a final payment under contract between said Roche-
Axman Company and said City of Las Vegas for street improvements, bearing date the 13th day of
March 1929, is due in the amount of $3378.05 which statement bear date the 1st day of August
1929 and that thirty-five day have elapsed since the presentation of said statement and its ap-
proval by said Engineer for the City of Las Vegas, and that said bill is correct and should
be paid, and

Whereas it further appears that on the first day of August 1929 the said Roche-Axman 
Company duly assigned said amount to California Group Corporation, which assignment was here-
tofore approved by this Board, and said assignment being set forth on said statement in writing
and,

Whereas, it further appears that by instrument in writing bearing date of the 16th day
duly 1929 said California Group Corporation assigned all sums thereafter due under said contract
over to General Construction Corporation, a Nevada corporation, which said assignment
is on file with the City Clerk and attached to sail statement,

Now therefore, Be It Resolved, that said assignment from California Group Corporation
to said General Construction Corporation be approved, and that the Mayor Pro-Tem. be, and he
is hereby authorized to assent to suck assignment by placing such assent in writing on said
last mentioned assignment.

Be It Further Resolved, that said statement in the sum of $3378.05, as final and full
payment to said Roche-Axman under said contract of date of March 13th, 1929 be approved, and
that the amount thereof be paid by warrant drawn in favor of General Construction Corporation,
a signee aforesaid in said sum of $3378.05.

The vote on the Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Hansell, and
His honor Mayor Pro Tem. O.J. Smith voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed untill Friday Sept. 6th at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.


OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

Sept, 6th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held Sept, 6th 1929 at
the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Smith, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and German, together with the

City Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent J. F Hesse Mayor.

Meeting called to order by O. J Smith Mayor Pro Tem.

The following Petition was read to the Board.

PETITION FOR STREET IMPROVEMENT.

Las Vegas Clark County, Nevada.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

We, the undersigned owners of property fronting on the following streets in Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, and South Addition hereby petition your Honorable Board to improve the said
streets by the construction of Portland Cement concrete curbs and a three (3) inch Oil Bound Gravel Pave-
ment.

We further request that the work be done under the provisions of the Specifications
approved January, 1929.

Streets to be improved:

Main Street, between Fremont and Garces; First, Second, Third, and Fourth Streets
between Lewis, and Garces Streets, respectively: Lewis Street between Main & Fourth : and Clark
Bonneville, and Garces Streets between Man and Fifth Streets.

The above petition was signed by more than 51% of the property owners in said district.



A general discussion followed the reading of this petition, and after due consideration
the following motion was duly made seconded, and carried.

That J. P. King Superintendent of Streets of the City of Las Vegas cause estimates,
expense, plats and diagrams of district to be embraced with said improvements, curbings,
 gutters, and paving, and present same to Board. Cost of estimates not to exceed $200.00.

Motion introduced by Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner German. Vote as
follows: Commissioners Thomas, German and Hansell, and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Hoes Hone.

The matter of closing the City Dump ground was next brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner German the old city
dump ground was voted closed, and the services of J. D. Shaw dump master dispensed with. The
Ground belonging to the Las Vegas Disposal plant, and designated as the city dump ground was to
be used as suck from this time forward.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and Mayor pro Tem Smith
voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the Clerk was dir-
ected to either refund money for two slot machines, $30.00, or change licenses so that same could
be used for the fourth quarter. These licenses were obtained by Mrs. E. P. Bihlmaier, under,
direction of Chief of Police Nash while Mr. Bihlmaier was absent from the City. The said two 
machines being already covered with licenses.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German, and Mayor Pro Tem Smith
voting Aye. Noes none.

The natter of a new sewer system was next brought before the Board. The firms of
King & Malone of Reno, and Nevada Engineering & Construction Service, Inc, of Las Vegas, and
Koebig & Koebig of Los Angeles each submitting bids to the Board which were read at this time.

After a lengthy discussion on these various bids, and no decision being reach, a
motion was introduced by Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas that the matter of
a sewer survey, and new sewer system be laid over for consideration.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and German and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye.
Commissioner Hansell No. Carried.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed till Thursday Sept. 12th at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

SEPTEMBER 12th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 13th day
of Sept. 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, German and Smith together with
the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of Sept. 5th, and 6th read, and approved as read.

All correspondence was read to the Board, and Clerk directed to take care of same.

The following petition was read to the Board:

TO THE HONORABLE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

We- the undersigned property owners along Ogden Street hereby petition your Honorable
Board to extend the grading of Ogden Street to Fourteenth which is a graveled street.

The above petition was signed by 32 property owners.

The petition was referred to the Street Commissioner O.J. Smith for him to investi-
gate, and report back to the Board.

A petition from a group of restaurant owners was read to the Board, and the same was
referred to Commissioner R. W Thomas Police & Fire Commissioner as to the sanitation, and
construction of buildings housing same in the Fire Zone #2.

A petition from property owners on the Westside asking for a sewer system, and to have
the ordered issued by Plumbing Inspector F. A. Thomason in regards to cesspool be with drawn,
was read to the Board, and the same was referred to Commissioner L. B. Hansell W. S & L. Com-
missioner.

The matter of the site for the proposed new Federal Building was next brought be-
fore the Board.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED that the action of Mayor Hesse, acting on behalf of the City of Las
Vegas in offering, by the execution on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas of a site pro-
posal in writing to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States of America, bearing
date the 22nd day of August 1929, to donate to the United States of America the following
portion of what is known as and commonly called "the Fair Grounds" for use by the government
in the erection and maintenance of Federal Building or buildings thereon, which said portion
of said Fair Grounds embraced in said proposal is more particularly described as follows;

A parcel of land, situated in the Southwesterly portion of a tract of land
known as the City Park Grounds and belonging to the City of Las Vegas in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada and more particularly described in that certain
deed bearing date the 31st day of May 1929, made by Las Vegas Land & Water
Company, a municipal corporation, recorded in Book 14 of Deeds at page 560,

Clark County, Nevada Records, the portion to be donated to the government be-
ing described as follows:

Commencing at a point, which is 520 ft. N. 61 deg. 47'W. from a point which is
80ft. N. 28 deg. 13' E. from the N. E. corner of Block 33 in Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite at its intersection with Stewart, and Fifth Streets, as shown on Map
of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and running thence N. 61 deg. 47' W. 540 ft;
thence S. 28 deg. 13' W. 250 ft. to the place of the beginning; and comprising
a net area of three and ten-one hundredths (3.10) acres,
which proposal recited that inorder to made the intended donation to the government it would
be necessary to secure the cooperation of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company, whereby under
the laws of the State of Nevada, upon a petition signed by the requisite number of citizens the
Board of City Commissioners may re-convey the above land to Las Vegas Land & Water Company,
and the later can then convey direct to the U. S. Government, be and the same is hereby ratified
and approved, and a duplicate of such proposal is hereby directed to be filed in the office of
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Board hereby authorize the preparation and cir-
culation of the necessary petition to authorize this Board to procure the reconveyance of the
above described 3.10 acres to the Las Vegas Land & Water Company.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas,
and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time a discussion of the proposed ornamental street lightening system came
before the Board. The form of agreement, General Conditions for all Contractors, form of Con-
tractors Proposal, form of "Sealed Bids for Proposals were read to the Board.

There upon Motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Smith same were
accepted by the Board, and the Clerk directed to advertise for bids. Said advertisement to be
in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for two weeks,
six (6) issues. Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon the motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German the time
for the opening of the bids was set for the hour of three o'clock P.M. the 30th day of Sept. 1929.
Vote As follows; Commissioners German Hansell, Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse
voting Aye Noes None.

The following motion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner
Thomas, That the salary of the Plumbing Inspector be increased to the amount of fees collected
up to $200.00 per month, and that the City in no way be held liable to the difference of the

amount of fees collected, and the said $200.00.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor
Mayor voting Aye. Noes Hone.

The following motion was made by Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas,
that the Clerk be directed to hire a typist to made sufficient copies of the specifications,
agreement, General Conditions for all Contractors, and Contractors Proposal Sheets to give to
all bidders on the proposed Ornamental Street System.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas, and Smith. and His Honor the

Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Commissioner German ask the Board for a six week leave of absence. There upon Motion
of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas Commissioner German was granted a
six week leave of absence.

	Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor

Hesse voting Aye. Noes None. Commissioner German not voting.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed till the hour of three o'clock P.M. Sept. 13th, 1929.

OFFICE OF THE CITE CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 13th 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held Sept. 13th, 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith to-gether with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner W. C. German.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 12th read and approved as read.

The Bond of the Las Vegas Disposal Co; was present to the Board. Same being approved
by the City Attorney E. A. Stevens.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the Bond of
the Las Vegas Disposal Co. was accepted by the Board same to be approved by the Mayor, and
City Clerk to Attest same.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye noes none.

A letter from the International Trust Co; was read to the Board in regards to the
bonds for a new sewer system. With this letter from the International Trust Co; was one from
the Law Firm of Pershing, Nye, Tallmadge, and Bosworth of Denver, Colo. also in regards to
the ways bonds for a sewer system might be secured.

The respective bids of King and Malone of Reno, Koebig & Koebig of Los Angeles, and
the Nevada Engineering & Construction Service Inc. were again considered.

Commissioner Thomas brought before the Board the matter of the City buying a new
fire truck.

There upon the members of the Board entered into a discussion of nays and means of
providing the money for the installation of a new sewer system, and survey, and the pur-
chasing of a new fire truck. After a lengthy discussion of the matter, and no decision be-
ing reached the Board recessed until Tuesday Sept. 17th at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 17th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 17th
day of Sept. 1929, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present J. F. Hesse Mayor, Commissioners, Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, together with
the City Attorney, and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 13th read, and approved as read.

A letter from the City Attorney of Yerrington, Nevada was read to the Board asking
for a copy of the ordinance used governing City Licenses.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, and seconded by Commissioner Hansell the
Clerk was directed to send the City Attorney of Yerrington a copy of Ordinance No. 48 gov-
erning City Licenses.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

A letter from J. B. Markham was read to the Board in regards to a way of financing
a sewer survey, and installing a new sewer system.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was
moved that the letter of J. B. Markham be placed on file for further consideration when a
new sewer system is considered.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, and His honor the Mayor

voting Aye. Noes None.		
The matter of releasing the bond of H. T. Hempstead war next brought before the Board.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that before the the Board takes any acton in regard to releasing the. bond of H. T. Hempstead	

that he furnish evidence to the Board of the due organization, and in corporation of this corporation eleged to have
taken over the Garbage Contract and evidence of assignment of obligation of such corporation.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith ,Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-inact Section 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, men-
ageries and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas and repealing Ordinance No. 105 of the City of
Las Vegas, and all ordinances, and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith," and to repeal
all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith, was read to the Board for a
first time.

The matter of the City purchasing a fire truck was brought before the Board at this
time, and after a lengthy discussion the matter was laid over for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed till Wednesday September 18th at the hour of seven-thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 18th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on Sept. 18th at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, and Thomas together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 17th 1929 read and corrected.

The purchasing of a new fire truck was again brought before the Board. After some
discussion upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Resolution was duly adopted;

RESOLVE; That R. W. Thomas, Police, and Fire Commissioner be and he is hereby author-
ized and empowered to negotiate for and, subject to the approval of this Board, to entered
into a lease, of an American-LeFrance or Seagrave fire truck and accessories.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell appearing after the vote was taken.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday Sent. 24th 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 24th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on Sept. 24th
1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minuted of meeting of Sept. 18th read and approved as read.

At letter from the Las Vegas Post of the American Legion was read to the Board ask-
ing for the donation of $56.00 to be used for the purchase of a Base Drum for the Legion
Drum Corp. There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the Board of City Commissioners donate the sum of $56.00 to the American Legion for the pur-
chase of a Base Drum, and that the money for same be taken out of the Publicity Fund.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes None. Commissioner Smith appearing after vote was taken.

A letter from Tasker L. Oddie to City Attorney Stevens was read to the Board. Mr.
Oddie is very much in favor of the site donated to the Government for the proposed new Federal
building, and offers all the support he can to help the City obtain the new building.

The matter of the purchase of the new fire truck was next brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following resolution was duly adopted;

RESOLVED, that the Mayor, and Police, and Fire Commissioner be and they are hereby
authorized to execute in the name and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas a form of lease contract
with the American-LaFrance and Foamite Corporation (Pacific) covering one type 75 American-LaFrance

750 gal. Pump and Fore Car with 80 gal. Water Booster Tank Complete as per specifica-
tion attached thereto, for a total rental price of $14,710.00, payable $3500.00 upon the acceptance
of said apparatus, and balance in installments as follows:

Twelve months after delivery and acceptance of said apparatus: $2470.00
Twenty-four months after delivery and acceptance of said apparatus $2356.00
Thirty-six months after delivery and acceptance of said apparatus $2242.00
Forty-eight months after delivery, and acceptance of apparatus $2128.00

Sixty months after delivery and acceptance of said apparatus $2014.00	

with option to purchase the same at the end of the lease period for the sun of One Dollar,
as specified in the draft of contract presented to the Board,	

	Said lease contract to be attested by the City Clerk under the seal of the City of Las Vegas,

And that upon the delivery and acceptance of such apparatus a warrant be drawn upon
the Police and Fire Fund for the initial rental payment of $3500.00 as in said lease provided,
by the proper officers of the City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to some before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
till Wednesday Sept. 25th at the hour of 3:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

SEPT. 25th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on Sept. 25th 1929 at the hour of three thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith Commissioners L. B. Hansell, and R. W. Thomas together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse and Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 24th read and approved as read.

A Petition form the electrical contractors was read to the Board asking for changes
in the new electrical Ordinance. Petition was laid over until such a time as the Electrical
Inspector could meet with the Board.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday Sept. 30th 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAC VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

SEPT. 27th, 1929.

Special meeting.	Present Mayor Hesse, and Commissioners Thomas, Hansell,

and Smith together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

To Viola Burns,

City clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Boa d of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on Friday the 27th day of September

A.D. 1929 at 3 o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following:

1.	Street improvement matters.

2.	Matter relating to sewerage system, and disposal plant.

You will please make, and service notice in accordance with this call.

J. F Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

Notice is hereby given, that in pursuant to a call this day issued by J. F. Hesse
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on Friday the 27th day of Sept-
ember 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following matters:

1.	Street improvement matters,

2.	Matter relating to sewerage system, and disposal plant.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

To- J. F. Hesse Mayor, and to O.J. Smith

L. B. Hansell, and R. W. Thomas Commissioners.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.
We hereby accept service of the fore going notice, and waive all further notice of
the time, place and objects of the meeting above-noticed, and represent that W. c. German,
Commissioner is absent from the City of Las Vegas and State of Nevada upon leave hereto-
fore granted, and that the exact address of said W. C. German cannot at this time be con-
veniently ascertained in order that actual service of notice might or could be made
upon him.

L. B. Hansell	J. F. Hesse

O. J. Smith	R. W. Thomas.

Minutes of meeting of the 25th of Sept. read and approved as read.

There upon the Board of Commissioners entered into a discussion in regards to the
proposed new paving district. After a lengthy discussion Commissioner Smith was instructed
to get a rough estimate of the cost per lot in the proposed new paving district on the kind
of paving to be used, also on the cost of curbs, and gutters.

The matter of the proposed new sewer system was next brought before the Board. After
a lengthy discussion the meeting recessed un the hour of seven thirty o'clock.

Present at seven thirty were Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith
together with the City attorney, Deputy City Attorney, and Clerk.

Of the three firms submitting bids on the proposed new sewer system the firm of
Koebig and Koebig being the unanimous chose of the Board.

There upon the The Board entered into a lengthy discussion on the ways of financ-
ing said sewer survey, and system, and the for of contract that the City was to enter
into with Koebig and Koebig.

After due consideration the following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner
Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Thomas.

RESOLVE; That the Mayor execute in the name, and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas

same to be attested by the City Clerk the proposed contract with A.H. Koebig, Sr. and A.H.

Koebig Jr. covering engineering services in connection with proposed sewer, and sewer 
disposal system in the form of draft of such contract presented to the meeting, and that the

sum of $3500.00 and $1000.00 respectively therein provided to be paid, shall at the times

therein provided be paid out of the General Fund upon warrants executed by the proper
Officers of the City.	

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes Hone.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, NEVADA	

SEPTEMBER 30th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 30th day of Sept. 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, together withe the City
Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and German.

Minutes of special meeting of Sept. 27th 1929 read and approved as read.

Mr. A. W. Ham from the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board and ask that the
City donate the sum of $100.00 to apply on the rent due the Mesquite Club from the Air Port.

There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, and Seconded by Commissioner
Smith that the City donate the sum of $100.00 from the Publicity Fund to the Mesquite Club
to help cover the rent due the Club from the land used as an Air Port by the Western Air Ex-
press.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes none.

The matter of closing the prolongation of south Main Street was next brought before the Board.

WHEREAS, at the meeting of this Board held on the 5th day of August, 1926, that portion 

of the prolongation of Main Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

commencing at 286 feet south of the Southeast corner of Main and Garces Street, to the corner
common of Section 3 and 4 Township 21 South, Range 61 EastM.D.B. & M; was by an order of this
Board, declared vacated, the same to take effect upon the construction of the street as out-
lined in the Plat of the South Addition to the City of Las Vegas, along Main Street as de-
signated in said Plat, which Plat was there, and then approved, and

WHEREAS, said Main Street as designated on said Plat of said South Addition, has been
and now is completely constructed, and the same as so constructed is in better condition for
travel, than the road or prolongation of Main Street vacated.,

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following re-
solution was unanimously adopted:

RESOLVED, that Main Street designated upon the Plat of South Addition to the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and as delineated thereon, is hereby declared to be completely
constructed as contemplated by the Order made at the meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of  of Las Vegas held in the 5th day of August, 1926, and be it further
	Resolved, that the road or highway constituting the prolongation of Main Street running

from a point 286 feet south of the Southeast Corner of Main and Garces Street, to the

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE AND WAIVER
common corner of Sections 3 and 4 Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&;M; in said City

of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, be and the same is hereby declared to be formally vacated,
Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes None.

This being the time set for the opening of the bids for the proposed ornamental street
lighting system, and the Board receiving five bids, said bids were opened at this tine.

Bids as follows;

D. S. McEwan	Marbelite Standards	bid of	$24,600.00

	John R. Davies	"	"	"	"	$23,980.00

H.	H. Walker	LaLux	"	"	"	$19,467.00

Pacific Engineering & Construction Co. Union Metal Standards bid of 			$21,410.39.

"	"	"	"	"	"	" "	$25,186.25

After some discussion on the kinds of standards to be used Mayor Hesse directed the
City Electrical Inspector, Lloyd S. Payne, and the City Planning Commission to look over the
various types of standards, and report to the Board of City Commissioners.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday October 2nd at the hour of seven thirty to further consider the bids
presented to the Board for the ornamental street lighting system.

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 2nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada hold on the 2nd day of October 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 30th read, and approved as read.

A letter from the City, Planning Commission was read to the Board endorsing Marbelite
Standards for the ornamental street lighting system to be installed in the City of Las Vegas.
The Planning Commission also endorsed the bid of John R. Davies for the installation of

Marbelite Standards, it being the low bid of the two companies submitting bids on the
Marbelite Standards.

Mr. Payne , electrical Inspector for the City reported on his study the various types
of ornamental street lighting standards that had been presented to the Board, and he also en-
dorsed the Marbelite standard as the best for the City.

Mr. Ferron, of the City Planning Commission reported on his investigation of the various
types of ornamental street lighting standards.

There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioner Smith, and seconded by Commissioner
Thomas, that the City except the bid of the John R. Davies Co. for the installation of the
Marbelite standards for the ornamental street lighting system for the City of Las Vegas, and
that the City enter into a contract with the John R. Davies Co; same to be executed by the
Mayor on behalf of the City, and attest by the City Clerk, and directed that a license from
Marbelite Corp. of American be obtained for the use of Marbelite materials same to be
filed with this Board.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye.
Commissioner Hansell voting No. Motion so carried.	

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Smith that the checks
be returned to the unsuccessful bidders, and upon the return of the plans, and specifications
the deposit of Ten Dollars ($10.00) be returned to the companies making said deposits.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 3rd, 1929

	At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held in the Board room of the said Board October 3rd 1929.



	Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, together with the
City Attorney, and Clerk.

	Absent Commissioner German.

	All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the Clerk's Office.

	Reports of Municipal Judge, Electrical Inspector, Plumbing Inspector, Bldg. Inspector, and Clerk approved.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
$77.75	Plumbing Insp.-

§679 25 Picenses Bld°* and Elect Inspectors *^c s
2l518!oo	Police Fines."

$2275.00

§77 75	W S & L

$1090.00	Police and Fire

1197.25	General.

2275.00

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
a warrant be drawn on the Publicity Fund for the sum of 20.00 to pay for a front page wel-
coming notice in the Las Vegas Evening Review, and Journal October 4th 1929 issure, welcom-
ing the San Bernardino Chamber of Commerice to Las Vegas.

Vote as follows: Commissiners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Hoes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following gaming licenses be issued,	all	having been approved by	the Police, and Fire

Commissioner, andmoney covering licenses	for	same being in the hands	of the City Clerk/

Gan ng licenses for the operation of two	tables each, and the.sum of	;150.00 being paid	to

the Clerk the same to cover the license	for	said tables were issued	to the following:

Frank Martin	.	Charles Taylor.

Sam Sterns	Gilmore and Horden	^

Byown &G$aRders	J. Boyer.

Leo Kind	F S LeRoy

The following licenses being approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner, and money
covering.same eing received by the Clerk gaming lincenses for the operation of three tables
at $250.00 for three tables were issued.

Stocker Brothers	Boulder Club.	A. T. McCarter.	^

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the ^ayor voting
Aye. Hoes Hone.

"An Ordinance Vacating &he alley running northerly and southerly through Blocks numbers
Fight and Nine in the ^ardie Addition to the City of ^as Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for
H;k school purpose^Twas read to the Board, for a second time, and passed, and ordered pub-
lished for one week tthree issues) in the Las Vegas ^ge, a tri-weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance to amend, revise and rc-enact Section 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, menager-
ies and carnivals in the City of Has Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 105 of the City of
las Vegas, and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith" and to repeal all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflicttherewith," was	read to the	Board for a	seond	^

time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Thomas,	Hansell,and	S^eith,	and	His

Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, ^ame was to be in full force, and effect on and after its
complete publication for one week ( theee issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly news-
paper published in the City of Las Vegas.

" An Ordinance to Amend, Revise and Re-enact, Bection -2. of Ordinance No. 36 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Providing for the issuance of plumbing and sewer
conncction'Permits, for the inspection of plumbing, and sewer	connections	and for	the	regul-
ations and construction bf.plumbing work in the /ity of Las Vegas," and to repeal	all	ordinan cs

1.1 conflict therewith," was read to the Board a second time, and passedly the following vote;
Commissioners Th .-mas, Hanseel, and ^mith, and His --onor the Mayor voting Aye. Hoes Hone.	^

Same to bemin full force, and effect from, and after its complete publication for one week
(six issues) in the Las Vegas Byening eview and Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

The Las Vegas Gas Company, a Nevada Corporation organized to take 'over the franchise
granted.to R. F. Crittenden presented a plat to the Board for Its approval of the proposed
gas mains to be laid in the City of B&s *'cgas. After some discussion it was decided to 1-y
the natter over until some future date , for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this tine the meeting re-
cessed until Friday October 4th at the hour of eight o'clock P.H.

Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

October 4th, 1929

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Levada held October 4th, 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. -*?. Hesse, Commissioners Th mas, Hansell, and Smith together with the
City attorney and ^lerk, and Sunt, of B-^reets.

Absent Commissioner German.

Some of the property owners in the district asking for street paving appeared before the

Uii^nu uiiO OOSb OJ. <&L	CJ.<n.Sm Om	UiiQUi bfiQu 1JLJSU USOCL OO SOCTJ-JJOCLy

*OQC-10(i. Q- d.CSlSS.: On QS uO L-ho CJ-Q.SC	uO OO U.SO( *

rp*'"'nT<P	^	j.. -	^	^	^	Q	c***	c-
that the natter of the street paving be tabled until the meeting to be held Thursday October
10th, and that the Supt. of Streets J. P. King be instructed to obtain prices on the differ-
ent kinds of paving to be considered

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes none.

Attorney Stevens was directed to draft an amendment to the Building Ordinance as
subjested by the Building Inspector Paul Hosman.

Upon the motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the follow-
ing Preambles and Resolution were adopted:

	WHEREAS, at a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada held on the 20th day of August 1929 the following
Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, suitable quarters for the holding of sessions of the Municipal Court of the
Vegas have been provided by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at
108 No. Second Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in said City in a building situate at the
North end of lots 21 and 22 in Block No. 15 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite,

	NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the court room provided therein be and the same is

hereby designated as the Court Room of the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas, where all
sessions of such Municipal Court shall hereafter, until further order of this Board be held,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas be notified
by the City Clerk of the passage of this Resolution,

Be IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that hereafter all sessions of the Municipal Court be held
in said Municipal Court Room until further order of this Board

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that from, and after the date of the passage of this Re-
solution no further rent be paid by the City of Las Vegas, for the Court Room of said Municipal
Court at any place other that the above mentioned Court Room, until further order of this
Board", and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that Roger Foley, the Municipal Judge of the City
of Las Vegas has, heretofore and since the passage and adoption of the above-mentioned 
Preambles, and Resolution been notified by the City Clerk of the passage of said Resolution
refused and neglected to hold any sessions of the Municipal Court in said Municipal Court Room
as required by said Resolution, and has held all sessions of said Municipal Court at the
Clark Building at No. 16 Fremont Street in said City of Las Vegas,	

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the appointment of said Roger Foley, as the Municipal
Judge of the City of Las Vegas, heretofore made this Board be, and the same is hereby revoked
and the said office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby
declared to be vacant?	

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said Roger Foley be and he is hereby ordered and
directed to immediately pay over to the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas all the moneys
held by him, which have heretofore been received by him as such Municipal Judge, and belonging
to the City of Las Vegas,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said Roger Foley be and he is hereby ordered and
directed to deliver and turn over to his successor in office, and on demand by such successor,
all books, dockets, record, papers, and supplies pertaining to said office of Municipal Judge
in his possession, custody or under his control,	

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a warrant be drawn by the proper officers of the City
of Las Vegas in favor of said Roger Foley for the month of October for the sum of Fifty Doll-
ars, being the salary of said Roger Foley for the month of October 1929 as such Municipal

Judge, such payment in no way to be deemed to effect the order herein made revoking said ap-
pointment and declaring said office vacant.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and
Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon the office of Municipal Judge being vacant the name of W. G. Morse
was brought before the Board for the appointment of Municipal Judge.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith W. G. Morse

was appointed to the office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas, to hold office at

the pleasure of the Board, and to receive a salary of Fifty Dollars a month, to hold all
sessions of said Municipal Court in the Court Room at No. 108 No. Second Street, and rent on
no other room used as a Municipal Court Room will be paid by this Board. Upon taking the
Official Oath of Office must present to the Board a bond of $2,000.00 same to be approved by
the Mayor. The bond may be a Bond from a Surety Bond Company, or a bond furnished by two
sufficient sureties.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The Clerk was directed to deliver or cause to be delivered a certified copy of
the fore going Resolution to the former Municipal Judge, Roger Foley, and accompany same
with a certified copy of the motion appointing W. G. Morse Municipal Judge. Judge Morse to
receive also a certified copy of the motion appointing him Municipal Judge.

Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that L. E. Newcomer
a Civil Engineer, be and he is hereby directed to make the necessary survey and submit to
this Board an Elevation Hap of the proposed grades in South and Wardie Additions in the City
of Las Vegas, to submit the same to this Board at an early date with his recommendations
concerning same.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thursday October 10th 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

OCTOBER 14th, 1929

SPECIAL MEETING.	Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell,

and Smith together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

To Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas;

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the City of
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to be held on Monday the 14th day of
October 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following
business, to-wit:

1a To act upon the bond of W. G. Morse, Municipal Judge.

1b To read for approval, adoption or amendment minutes of pervious meetings of the
Board which have not been hereto fore read.

3.	To consider and ast upon the question of further street improvements.

3.	To act upon street grades theretofore directed to be established.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 14th day of Oct. 1929.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

To.--- L. B. Hansell, O.J. Smith, R. W. Thomas, Commissioners and to J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas:

You and each of you will take notice that, pursuant to a call this day issues by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said
City will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House, in in the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Monday the 14th day of October 1929 at the
hour of eight o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following business to-wit:

1a.	To act upon the bond of W. G. Morse, Municipal Judge.

1b.	To read for approval, adoption or amendment minutes of previous meetings
of the Board which have not heretofore been read.

2.	To consider, and act upon the question of further street improvements.

    3. To act upon grades heretofore directed to be established.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 14th day of October 1929.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned, Commissioners, and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas do
hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting, and represent that it was
impossible to serve notice on W. C. German, Commissioner by reason of his absence on leave
from the State of Nevada and his exact address being unknown and not easily ascertainable.

Dated this 14th day of October, A. D. 1929.

J. F. Hesse.	L. B. Hansell.

Mayor	Commissioner.

O.J. Smith	R. W. Thomas.

Commissioner	Commissioner.

The bond of W. G. Morse, Municipal Judge was presented to the Board. Same being
approved by the Mayor J. F. Hesse. The bond a surety bond being furnished by W. H. Elwell,
and Ed Von Tobel for the sum of $2,000.00.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that the Board accept the bond of W. G Morse.	

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

Minutes of meetings of October 2nd, 3rd, and 4th 1929, read and approved as read.

There upon the Board entered into a discussion as to the type paving to be used in
the proposed district to be paved. After a lengthy discussion on the matters resolution was
introduced by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that J. P. King Supt. of 
Streets be instructed to prepare estimates, plans, and assement charts, and present same to
the Board at the next meeting. October 18th, 1929. The estimate to be based on "Durite Paving."

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

The plat of the street grades in South and Wardie Additions as prepared by L. E.

Newcomer at the direction of the Board was next brought before the Board for its approval.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith Seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the Board accept the grades in South, and Wardie Additions as established by L. E.
Newcomer.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas. Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
Soccial Heating.	Present Mayor Pro Ten Smith, Commissioners Hansell,

Thomas, German, together with the City Attorney
)	CALL	and ^lerk.

io /Lola Burns,

City ^lerk of the City of Las Ve-as, Levada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissi ners of the City of Las Vega- is here-
by called to be held	at the Board Room of said Board in the	County Court House in the	Cjty	of

Lac Yogas, County of	Clark, State of Nevada on Friday the 18th day of October 1329-at	the	hour

of eight o'clock P.1.1,	to consider and act upon the following	matters, to-wit:

1.	To accept,	approve and file estimates for paving,	curbing and improvment of	new

street areas.

2.	To consider and act upon the matters relating to the widening of Fremont -Street
and placing of ornmental lighting standards.

3.	To consider and act upon the matter of the release of the bond of H. T. Hempstead
furnished in relation to garbage hauling contract heretofore.

4.	To consider and act upon plans and specifications for paving and curbing new stree!
areas in the City.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

Dated this 18th day of October 1939.

O.J. Smith

Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas.

To- J. F. Hesse Mayor, 0. J Smith,	Thomas, L. 3. Hansell, and X. c. German

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to call therefor this day
lay issued by O.J. Smith, Mayor Pro Tem in the absence of J. F. Hesse, Mayor of the City, from
sail. City of Las Vegas, a specila meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Yogas will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the City
of Las V^gas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on Friday the 18th day of October, 1329 at the
tour of dight o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following matters, to-wit:

1.	To accept, approve and file estimates for paving, curbing, and improvments
of n.w street areas.

2.	To consider and act upon matter relating to the widening of Fremont Ltreet, and
placing of ornamental lighting standards.

5.	To consider and act upon the matter of the release of the bond of N. T. Hemp-
stead furnished in relation to garbage hauling contract heretofore.

4.	To consider and act upon plans and specifications for paving and curbinm new
street areas in the City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.	-* r . ,

Dated this 18th day of October 1929.	* *	'

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

17e, the undersigned hereby admit and accept service of notice of special meeting
)f the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be held at the Board Room^of
sail Board on Friday the 13th day of October 1329, pursuant to the above and foregoing Call
and Notice, and hereby represent that Mayor J. F. Hesse is absent from the City of Las Vegas,
cm t,.is date add unable to be served and his exact whereabouts cannot be ascertained easily.'
Dated this 18th day of October, 1929.

O.J. Smith	L. B Hansell

Mayor Pro. Tem.	Commissioner

7. C. German	R. ,7. Tgormg,_____

Commissioner	Commissioner.

^ Th matter of the acceptance of the setimates for thepaving and curbing of new
ctrect^arcas in the City was laid over to a meeting to be held intke near future as the
octiwa^es were not ready for the Board to accept same.

^-ne Clerk was in structed to obtain a certified copy of the assignment of the Garbage
utract from^the H. T. Hempstead Co. to -he Las Vegas Disposal Co. and Las Vegas Disposal
Co. present &egal evidence of the organization of the Las Vegas Disposal Co. to the Board
before "he Bond of H. T. Hempstead could be relaesed.

matter of theplacing of the ornamental lighting standards on Fremont Street was
next brought be fore the Board. After a length discussion the following resolution was in-
troduced byCommissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Thomas.

resolve, that the Water, Sew and Light Commissioner be, and he is hereby authorized

designate the location of the lighting standards, "ondnits and appurtenances
^t^e^t '	ls.id s-Rd placed in, on and under the street and sidewalk spaces on Fremont

the street lighting improvement now under the course of construction .

^ni; ^treet as heretofore authorized, and that in designating such location the same may
wo -e	Placed in, on and under the street and sidewalk spaces on Fremont ^tre t at points

^'H*ee feet from the face of thepresent curb on said street.

C.	j	on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioner Thomas, and Hansell, and

* n Mayor Pro Tem voting Aye. Noes None.	*

adjourned	being no further business to ceme before the Board at this time the meeting
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA. OCTOBER 19th, 1929.

SPECIAL MEETING. Present: Mayor Pro. Tem. O. J. Smith, Commissioners

German, Hansell, Thomas, and City Attorney and Clerk.
Absent: Mayor J. F. Hesse.

CALL.	

To Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

I hereby call a meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be
held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada on Saturday the 19th day of October 1929, at the hour of three o'clock
P.M. to consider, and act upon the following matters, to-wit:

1.	To receive, and act upon estimates, plans and specifications as to additional, and new
street improvement work in the said City and to order notice to be given of the intention to

make such improvements.

2.	To consider and act upon the application for gambling license to one Woo Woget.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

O.J. Smith.

Mayor Pro. Tem. of the City of Las Vegas.

To— O.J. Smith, Mayor Pro. Tem. L. B. Hansell, O.J. Smith, R. W. Thomas, and W. C.
German, Commissioners:

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by

O.J. Smith, Mayor Pro. Tem. in the absence of J. F. Hesse Mayor from the City of Las Vegas a
special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will be held at the
Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, on Saturday the 19th day of October, 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
the consider, and act upon the following matters, to-wit:

1.	To receive and act upon estimates, plans, and specifications as to Additional, and
new street improvement work in the said City and to order notice to be given of the intention
to make such improvement.

2.	To consider, and act upon the application for gambling license to one Woo Woget.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 19th day of October 1929.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned, hereby acknowledge due notice of a meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board on Saturday
the 19th day of October 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon matters
as pacified in the call and notice of said meeting, and we hereby represent that J. F. Hesse,
Mayor of said City is on this date absent from the State of Nevada and that his whereabouts
cannot be easily ascertained in order that notice of this meeting can or could be served upon

O.J. Smith	L. B. Hansell

Mayor Pro. Tem.	Commissioner.

W. C. German                            R. W. Thomas.

Commissioner	Commissioner.

The gaming application of one Woo Weget as layed over, and the Clerk directed to	

have a new application filled out, and presented to the Board.

The matter of the new street improvement was next brought before the Board. After
consideration the following Resolutions were duly adopted.

At this time Street Supt. King presented to the Board the estimates of cost, plats
and diagrams for the purposed improvement of asphaltic concrete pavement, Durite process, on
the following streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, as follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Main Street from Fremont Street to Garces Street.

First Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Second Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Third Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Fourth Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Lewis Street from Main Street to Fourth Street.

Clark Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bonneville Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Garces Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

In South Addition.

Garces Street, from Main Street to Fifth Street.
and also estimates of cost, plats and diagrams for the proposed improvement of Hydraulic Cement
Concrete curb and gutter and rough grading for street improvements in the City of Las Vegas
on the same streets and portions of streets.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, it was Resolved
as follows:

Resolve that the estimates of cost for the following streets and portions of
streets and plats and diagrams in connection with same for:

1. Proposed improvement of asphaltic concrete pavement, Durite Process,

2. Proposed improvement of hydraulic cement concrete curb, and gutter and rough

grading,

all on the streets and portions of streets as follows:

In Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

Main Street from Fremont street to Garces Street

First Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Second Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Third Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Fourth Street from Lewis Street to Garces Street.

Lewis Street from Main Street to Fourth Street.

Clark Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Bonneville Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.

Garces Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.
In South Addition.

Garces Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.
be and the same are for each of said separate improvements hereby accepted and ordered filed
with the City Clerk for public examination.

The votes on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and
German, and O.J. Smith, Mayor Pro. Tem. voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolve that the specifications for the purposed improvement of asphaltic concrete
pavement, Durite Process, upon the streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas
as shown by the estimates of cost, plats and diagrams adopted on this date, and filed with
the Clerk of the City for public examination, be and the same is hereby adopted, and that the
license agreement tendered by Durite Asphalt Company of America be filed with the Clerk of this
Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German, and

O.J. Smith Mayor pro Tem voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Re-
solution was duly adopted:			

Resolved that the specifications for the proposed improvement of hydraulic cement concrete curbs, 
gutters and rough grading upon the streets, and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas as shown by the 
estimates of cost, and plats, and diagrams adopted on this date and filed with the Clerk of the City for public 
examination be and the same are hereby adopted, and that the license agreement tendered by the Suconem
Corporation covering the use of Waterproofing Cement and Composition be filed with the Clerk
of This Board.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German
and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that Notice of Proposed improvement of asphaltic concrete pavement, Durite
Process, in the City of Las VEGas on the streets, and portions of streets as shown by the
estimates of cost, plats, and diagrams adopted on their date, and filed with the Clerk of the
City for public examination, in the form as presented to the Board, be and the same is hereby
ordered to be published in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, and that Wednesday the 6th day of November 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

at the Board Room of this Board in the County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas be and the
same is hereby fixed as the time for the holding of a meeting of this Board for the purpose
of considering any suggestions or objections that may be made by the parties interested with
respect to the proposed improvements, and that notices in the same form be posted in at least
three public places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the post office
of the city and posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed work.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German
and Mayor Pro. Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resoled that Notice of Proposed improvement of hydraulic cement concrete curbs
and gutter, and rough grading, Suconem Coproration, in the City of Las Vegas, on the streets
and portions of streets as shown by the estimates of cost, plats, and diagrams adopted this date
and filed with the Clerk of the City for public examination, in the form as presented to the
Board, be and the same is hereby ordered to be published in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and that Wednesday the 8th day of November 1929
at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of this Board in the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby fixed as the time for holding of a meeting
of this Board for the purpose of considering any suggestions or objections that may be made
by the parties interested with respect to the proposed improvements and that notices in the
same form be posted in at least three places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or
near the post office of the city, and posting noices in three public places near the site
of the proposed work.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and
German, and Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith voting Aye. Noes. None. 

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meet-
ing then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
OCTOBER 31st, 1929.

SPECIAL MEETING. Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and German,
Call for Special Meeting.

To Viola Burns, City Clerk,

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board at the County Court House in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clerk, State of Nevada on Thursday the 31st day of October 1929
at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following business.

1. Bill of Clay H. Williams for §113.15 for damages on account of defective side-

walk space.

2.	Matter of extension of time for commencement of work by Las Vegas Gas Co;

Under Ordinance 136.

Your will give notice in accordance herewith.

J.	F. Hesse Mayor.
Notice of Special Meeting.

To O. J. Smith, R. W. Thomas, W. C. German, J. F. Hesse, and L. B. Hansell, Commissioners and
Mayor respectively:

You, and each of you are hereby notified that pursuant to a call this day issued by J. F.
Hesse Mayor, that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City of Las
Vegas will be held in the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the City of
Las Vegas in the County of Clark State of Nevada on Thursday the 31st day of October 1929 at
the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following business, to-wit:

1. Bill of Clay H. Williams for $115.15 for damages on account of defective
sidewalk space.

2. Matter of extension of time for commencement of work by the Las Vegas Gas Co.
under Ordinance No. 136.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE OF NOTICE.

The undersigned hereby accept notice and service thereof for a special meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of said City, to be held on the 51st day of October 1839 at the
hour of three o'clock P.M. and hereby represent that O.J. Smith, and H. W. Thomas, Commissioners
are on this date absent from the said city and their present whereabouts cannot with reason-
able diligence be ascertained.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor	L. B. Hansell

W. C. German

Commissioners.

The matter of the bill of Clay H. Williams was first brought before the Board.	

After due consideration, and the claim being a just claim, upon the notion of Commissioner
Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the amount of the claim $113.15 was allowed, said
amount to be taken out of the street fund, and a release to be signed by said Clay H. Williams.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, and Hansell, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Mr. C. L. Straub of the Las Vegas Gas Co. presented to the Board receipted bills
showing that actual work had been started on the laying of gas mains in the City of Las Vegas.

The following was read to the Board.

Las Vegas Nevada,

October 51st 1929.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

This is to certify that I, on behalf of the Las Vegas Gas Co. have this day had a
survey made for gas mains located in block 22 of your city, and have had excavated and several
lengths of gas mains laid in said trench and the trench refilled and have submitted to your
Honorable Body receipted bills for such work, thus showing the formal beginning of the gas main
system in accordance with your Ordinance No. 156.

Respectfully submitted.

Las Vegas Gas Co;

by C. L. Straub.

Chief Engineer.

Las Vegas Nevada,

October 51st 1929.

I hereby certify that the above C. L. Straub personally
appeared before me on this 51st day of October 1889, and swore that the above statement was true.

Viola Burns.

City Clerk, City of Las Vegas.

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the Clerk was
directed to file same.

Vote on said mot on was as follows: Commissioners German, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 6th, 1929.

SPECIAL MEETING Present: Mayor J. F. Hesse and Commissioners Smith,

Hansell. German and Thomas, and City Attorney and

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING.

TO THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, to be held in the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Wednesday the 6th day of November 1929
at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following matters, viz;

1.	To hear and act upon any suggestions or objections that may be made to proposed
improvements as follows:

1.	Asphaltic Concrete pavement, Durite Process, in the City of Las Vegas
under notice posted, and published under order made October 19th 1929
by this Board.

2. Hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter and rough grading for street

improvements in the City of Las Vegas under notice posted, and published
under order made October 19th 1929 by this Board.

You will give notice inaccordance herewith.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 6th day of November 1929.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor.

NOTICE OF. SPECIAL MEETING.

To— J. F. Hesse, Mayor, and Commissioners O.J. Smith. W. C. German, R. W. Thomas, and
L. B. Hansell;

Pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor J. F. Hesse, a special meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will be held in the Board Room of said
Board in the County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada, on Wednesday the 6th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consid-
er and act upon the following matters, viz:	

To hear and act on any suggestion or objections that may be made to proposed im-
provements as follows:	

1. Asphaltic concrete pavements, Durite Process, in the City of Las Vegas under
notice posted, and published under order made October 19th 1929 by this Board.

2.	Hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter, and rough grading for street im-
provements in the City of Las Vegas, under notice posted, and published un-
der order made October 19th, 1929 by this Board.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE.

We the undersigned hereby acknowledge due service of the above and fore going
notice.

 	J. F. Hesse.	L. B. Hansell

Mayor	Commissioner

O.	J. Smith	W. C. German

Commissioner	Commissioner

R. W. Thomas.

Commissioner.

The affidavit of publication of "Notice of Proposed Improvement of Asphaltic
concrete Pavement, Durite Process, in the City of Gas Vegas, and the affidavit of pub-
lication of " Notice of Proposed Improvement of Hydraulic Cement Concrete Gutter Curb and
Rough Grading " was presented to the Board also the proof of posting of said notices
for said improvements. 

No protests with or written or verbal were made to the Board at this time.

Said affidavits, and proof of posting were ordered placed on file in the office
of the City Clerk.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 7TH, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 7th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, together

with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of October 14th, 18th, 19th 31st and November 6th read and approved
as read.

Reports of Municipal Judge, Chief of Police, Building Inspector, Plumbing Inspector,
Electrical Inspector and Clerk were presented to the Board, and approved.

All claim allowed as per Claims & Warrant Register on file in the Office of the
City Clerk.

Monies collected for the month of October as follows.

$5,767.65 Licenses, and fees from Elect. Bldg; and Plumbing Inspect.

1,850.50	Fines from Municipal Court.

7,618.15 Total.
Monies proportioned as follows:

$2618.15	Police &	Fire	Fund.

$5000.00	General	"

$7618.15	Total

Monies transferred as follows:		

$1500.00 Water Sewer & Light Fund. From General Fund

$2000.00 Street Fund.	"	"	" 	

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Board allow J. R. Hewitt Sr. $7.50 per month hereafter for janitor service for the Clerk's
Office, and Board room.

Vote as follows: Commissioner s Thomas, German, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes none.

An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 144 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance
of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Erection, Construction, Enlargement, Alteration, Repair,
Moving, Removal, Demolition, Conversion, Occupancy, Equipment, Use ,Height, Area, Maintenance,

Of All Buildings And /Or Structures in the City of Las Vegas: Providing for the issuance of Per-
mits, and Collection of Fees Therefor: Providing Penalties For teh Violation Thereof; Declaring
And Establishing Fire Zones: Repealing Ordinances Nos. Twenty-seven (27) Fifty-Nine (59) Sixty-
one (61) and Seventy-two (72) of the City of Las Vegas, and all other Ordinances, and parts of
In Conflict Therewith," approved August 1st 1929, by adding thereto a new Section to be known
as Section 4a, was read to the Board for a first time.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas to made certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing 

Asphaltic Concrete Pavement- Durite Process on certain streets, and portions of streets in the City;
describing definitely the location of said improvements; providing that the cost, and expense
thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the special
assessment district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the general fund
of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also gen-
eral bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto.
was read to the Board for a first time.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for, and constructing

Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Gutter and Rough Grading for Street Improvement on certain
streets and portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said im-
provements; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special ass-
essment upon all the lots included in said special assessment district, hereby established,
according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions
thereof are required to to paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for
the issuance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for
the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a first time.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to defray the costs of
making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by constructing, erecting, and installing
an ornamental street lighting system complete, including conduits, cables, standards, lighting
units and all appurtenances thereto on certain streets, and portions of streets in said city
according to plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating
the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands, and premises to be assessed
according to benefits; providing for the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto",
was read to the Board for a second time, and passed by the following vote.; Commissioners Thomas
German, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None. Same was ordered published
for one week (three issues) in the las Vegas Age. A tri-weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 8th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 8th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada held in the Board Room of said Board on Friday the 8th day of November 1929 at
the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City Att-
orney, and Clerk.

At this time the proof of the transfer of the contract with H. T. Hempstead to the
Las Vegas Disposal Co. together with the proof of the organization of the Las Vegas Dis-
posal Co. was presented to the Board. Thereupon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by
Commissioner Smith it was moved that the evidence be filed with the Clerk and the bond of H. T.

Hempstead be released. Vote as follows Commissioner Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes non.

The following Petition was presented to the Board.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners:

We the undersigned property holders on Fremont Street most respectfully
petition your Board to at this time make provision for the widening of Fremont Street by setting
the curbs on both sides of the street back three feet (3'). The present installation of street
lights should be made to conform with this programme. It is understood that the base of the
light will be not over 10'' from the face of the curb.

Said Petition being signed by 38 property owners. The Clerk was directed to check the
petition to see that the names of the 38 property owners represented 51% of the property
to be improved.
The audit of the books of the City as made by W. J. Hooper was read to the Board,
and ordered placed on file. The Clerk was directed to write the Municipal Judge, and the
President of the Cemetery Board asking each to turn all monies over to the City Clerk here-
after and not to the City Treasurer has has been done in the past.

All communication were head to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it Was moved that
the City accept the license agreements of the Durite Asphalt Company of America, and the
Suconem Corporation. Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the Clerk have advertisements calling for bids on Durite Asphaltic Concrete, (Coarse
Aggregate) Pavement, and Hydraulic Cement Concrete curb and Gutter, and rough grading pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Age on the following dates, November 9th, 12th and 16th. Said bids
to be opened on Friday the 22nd day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Saturday the 9th day of November at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 9th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 9th day of November 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, to-gether with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the Board entered in to a discussion was to the hiring an engineer for
the City to be in charge of the proposed paving, and other matters relating thereto.

At this time no decision was reached, and the meeting then recessed until Tues.
the 12th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 12th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 12th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and German together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of November 7th, 8th and 9th 1929, read, and approved as read.

The following Resolution from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce was read to the Board.

WHEREAS, Motor traffic on the Arrowhead Trail (U. S. 91) between Southern California and
Las Vegas is steadily increasing in volume, and
WHEREAS, The importance of said section of said highway is evidenced by the fact that the
State of California has voted an expenditure in excess of two million three hun-
dred thousand dollars for the improvement and reconstruction of said highway be-
tween Barstow, California, and the California-Nevada State line, and

WHEREAS, The matter of good roads between Las Vegas, Nevada, and Southern California is of
greater importance to the Southern part of Nevada at this time than to elsewhere,
and

WHEREAS, That section of said highway extending from Jean, Nevada, to the California- Nevada
line, an approximate distance of fourteen miles, is in poor repair, NOW THEREFORE
BE IT

RESOLVED; That the Las Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce, in regular meeting assembled this
fifth day of November 1929, urge the Nevada State Department of Highways, to im-
mediately direct their activities toward the improvement of that section of the
Arrowhead Trail ( U. S. 91) extending from the end of the improved highway at or
near Jean, Nevada, to the California-Nevada State line, and to connect with said
highway at said State line, and BE IT FURTHER

RESOLVED: That a copy of this resolution be forwarded to the Las V gas City Commissioners,
the local office of the State Highway Department and to the State Highway Depart-
ment Headquarters, Carson City, Nevada.
There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved,
that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, endorse the Resolution passed by
the Las Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce at its regular meeting held on November 5th, 1929.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor vot-
ing Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 15th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 15th, 1929.

a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on Friday the
15th day of November 1929, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and German.

Minutes of meeting of November 12th read and approved as read.

The gaming application of Woo Weget for a license to conduct two gaming tables at the
rate of $150.00 per quarter was brought before the Board. The same being approved by the
Police, and Fire Commissioner.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that a license be issued to Woo Woget.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse
voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 18th of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 18th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 18th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, Smith and German, together
with the Deputy City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of November 15th Read and approved as read.

A. H. Koebig of Korbig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers, was present and presented to the
Board the preliminary survey for the proposed sewer system.

There upon the members of the Board, and MR. Koebig entered into a discussion as to the
proposed sewer system.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 22nd day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK CO:
NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 22nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of November 1929 at the hour of two forty-five o'clock.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, Smith and German together with
the City Attorney, and Deputy Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of November 18th read and approved as read.

This being the time set for the opening of bids if any for the proposed paving of certain
streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, and four (4) bidders biding on the
purposed work, the same was opened by the City Attorney F. A. Stevens.

The four (4) companies submitting bids were as follows:

General Construction Co; of Los Angeles, and Las Vegas,

Hall Johnson Co; of Alhambra, Cal.

	California Construction Corp. Of Los Angeles, Cal.

A. E. Hazard and Co; of San Diego, California.

The bids of Hall-Johnson Co. and California Construction Co; were accompanied by Bidders
Bonds. The "Instructions to Bidders" plainly stating that all bids must be accompanied with a
"certified or cashier's check". There being an objection to the bids of the two companies be-
ing considered they were disregarded, leaving only two companies that the City would consid-
er their bids, and theses companies being the General Construction Co; and A. E. Hazard and
Co. The Board took these two bids under advisement until some future date.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 26th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS'.

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 26TH, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Veg-
as, Clark County Nevada, held on the 26th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith, together
with the City Attorney, Deputy City Attorney, Supt. of Streets J. P. King, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of November 22nd 1929 read and approved as read.

Mr. A. E. Cahln of the Public School Board Appeared before the Board of Commissioners
and ask that the sum of One Hundred Dollars be donated from the Publicity Fund to help de-
fray the expense of the Fallon-Las Vegas Foot Ball Game.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the Board donate the sum of Fifty Dollars to the School Board. Same to be drawn from the
Publicity Fund.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Three petitions circulated by Leon, Rockwell, Earl Rockwell, and O. A. Kimbal, contain-
ing the signatures of about eight hundred voters, petiting the Board of Commissioners to
deed the "Fair Ground" tract of land back to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company so that
the Las Vegas Land and Water Company in turn might deed same to the government that the
said tract of land might be used for the proposed Federal Building.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the said three petitions be referred to the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, to be checked to see if the
said three petitions contained 51% of the registered voters in the City of Las Vegas at the
time of the election of the last representative for Congress.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The following petition signed by the residents of the Westside was presented to the
Board:

We the undersigned citizens of las Vegas; Residents and property owners of the West-
side of Las Vegas, do respectfully Petition the Honorable Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, to eliminate the Dangerous Corner at the intersection of
Clark Ave; and First Street on the Westside.

Said Petition was referred to the Commissioners of Streets O. J. Smith.

A letter from the Union Pacific RailRoad was read to the Board, asking that the City
have the description of the property assessed as Union Pacific property but described in-
correctly in the notices of intention of improvement by paving and curbs and gutters be changed
so as to correctly describe the property of the Union Pacific to be assessed under the pro-
posed improvements.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that the City Attorney be authorized to take the matter up with the proper officials
of the Union Pacific System.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas and His Honor the
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 27th day of November at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 27th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 27th day of November 1929 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners German, Hansell, Smith, and Thomas,
City Attorney, and Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
General Construction Company and L. Watson be allowed to with draw bid on Curbs, gutters and
rough grading

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the May-
or voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the low bid on the curb, gutters, and rough grading be accepted, being the bid of R. E. Hazard
Company of San Diego, for the amount of $52,071.58

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor the
Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, it was moved that
the bid of the General Construction and R. L. Watson for paving be accepted, it being the low bid.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor the Mayor
J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

The report of the Mayor on the petitions for Fair Ground accepted and City Attorney auth-
orized to draw resolution for action at next recessed meeting. Mayor's report was ordered placed
on file.

The Assessment Roll on Ornamental Street lighting filed by the Ex Officio assess or of
the City of Las Vegas, and the City Attorney authorized to draw resolution for next recessed
regular meeting.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time the meeting re-
cess until Friday the 29th day of November 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

November 29th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 29th day of November 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith. German, and Thomas, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

A letter from P.J. Sullivan, and other property owners asking the Board of Commissioners to
install a street light at the Corner of Second and Carson Sts. near the Post Office was read to
the Board and referred to the Commissioner of Water Sewer and Lights L. Hansell.

Assessment Roll for street light was certified to by the Ex-Officio City Assessor and filed
with the Board, and Clerk ordered to give notice to parties interested by the publishing of notice
as follows:

Notice Of Special Assessment For Ornamental Street Lighting System In The City of Las Vegas
County of Clark, Nevada. for the Year 1929.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT, TO: Marion Wilson, Thomas Baima, Mary and Andrew Moar, Las Vegas
Land and Water Co; Troy Steam Laundry, A. Corradetti, Mrs. A. Genther, Clark, Ronnow and Ron-
now, Margaret Harper, Boggs Brothers, Adolph Levy, Marie Espeset and James Thomas, J. H. Mor-
gan Hotel Nevada, Mining Company, H. D. Busick, H. D. Busick and Hotel Nevada Mining Company, Martin
 Kiwisar, O. Stocker, Laura Kramer, John Horden, Will Beckley, Elizabeth Gamble, Dora Smith
Ed Von Tobel, Thomas P.A. Valdez, Henry F. Barnewold, Thomas J. Parker, D. Pecetto, First State
Bank, W. H. Elwell, H. M. Lillis, Anna Roberts, R. W. Martin, Ralph Thomas, W. G. Horse, Mrs.

Hattie B. Fallas, heirs of H. M. Lillis, Eagles_Lodge, Martin and Ferron, E. W. Griffith, Reno
Securities Co. C. C. and Leland Ronnow, Nevada Realty Company Inc; Elizabeth Phillips, W. S. Park,

R. H. Schaefer, Mrs. W. H. Elwell, L.H. and R. E. Rockwell, A. C. Delkin, Mrs. Hattie Delkin,

P. J. Sullivan, T. A. Nantz and Wm. Kidder, Cragin and Pike, T. A. Nantz, Anna Coughlin, Key
Pittman, Masonic Lodge No. 32, A. W. Ham, Mrs. J. D. Kramer, O. C. Boggs, Mary Hodgens, Sina Norris,
C.	P. Squire, Carl Ray, Las Vegas Funeral Home, M. I. Newkirk, C. L. Horsey, C. M. Mc Govern,
J. M. Ullom, Henrietta Brockman, Isabella McCrystal, Alice Passno, E. R. Bailey, Mrs. F. R. Hud-

son, Joe L. McQuade, Mrs. Mary Russell, Herbert Krause, A. S. Gaines, W. E. Ferron, W. R. Bracken,
Leo Mc Namee, Mary A. Hodgens, Carolina Shaw, E. W. Nungesser, Catherine Mayberry, Wm. E. Orr,
Mrs. M. Cohen, Mrs. A. M. Dillon, M. M. Riley, Dr. L. B. Sandall, Minnie Spangler, Charity

F.	Cofee, A. H. and Grave McDonald, A. and Alta Ram, W. E. Hawkins, Peter Pauff, T. A, Wells,
Carolina Shaw, Colorado Rover Expl. Co; Ltd; Kate Martin, P. J. Sullivan, Ed. Clark, Cyril

S. Wengert, C. L. Ronnow, G. R. Van Eaton, Harry Hahn, Margaret Cottmire, and to all persons
interested take notice:

That the roll of the Special Assessment heretofore made, by the Ex-officio Assess or of the
City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of defraying that part of the costs which the Board of City
Commissioners decided should be paid and borne by special assessment for the constructing, erecting 

and installing of an ornamental street lighting system complete, including conduits, cables,
standards, lighting units and all appurtenances upon the following street and portions of streets
in the City of Las Vegas:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE.

The easterly side of Main Street from the northerly side of Bridger street to the south-
erly side of Stewart Street.

Fremont Street from the easterly side of Main Street to the westerly side of Fifth Street.

The westerly side of Fifth Street from the Northerly side of Bridger Street to the south-
erly side of Stewart Street.

IN HAWKIN'S ADDITION.

The Easterly side of Fifth Street from the northerly side of Bridger Street to the south-
erly side of Stewart Street,

is now. on file in my office for public inspection:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Board of City Commissioners and Ex-Officio Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, will meet in the Commissioners Room of the said Board of City Com-
missioners in the County Court House in said City of Las Vegas, on the 16th day of December A.D.
1929 at three o'clock P.M., on said day to review said assessment, at which time, and place
opportunity will be given all persons interested to be heard and protest; provided however, any
person objecting to the assessment may file his objections thereto in worting with the City Clerk,
at any time, before the time set for said hearing,

Dated this sec nd day of December A. D. 1929.

Viola Burns.

Seal.	City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Same to be published in the Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas for a period of two weeks setting the time of hearing protests and object-
ion for Monday the 16th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote was as follows Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 2nd day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 2nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 2nd day of December 1929 at the hour of Three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Commissioner German absent.

Minutes of meeting of November 26th 1929 read and approved as read.

On Motion of Commissioner R. W. Thomas, seconded by Commissioner O.J. Smith the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

RESOLUTION.

Where as there were cast in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
for the Representative in Congress at the last preceding general election, held on the 6th day of
November 1928, Fifteen Hundred Ninety (1590) votes, and

Whereas, a petition was, on the 26th day of November, 1929 presented to and filed with the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, containing the following prayer, to-wit:

"TO THE HONORABLE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, IN THE COUNTY OF
CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA:

We, the undersigned, electors of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, do hereby
petition your honorable body to reconvey, upon such terms as you may prescribe, all the right,
title, and interest, of the said city of Las Vegas in and to the hereinafter more particularly
described parcel of land out of what is known as the City Park, heretofore donated and dedicated
for use as a Public Park, to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, the corporation from whom such City
Park was acquired. We respectively believe that such reconveyance will be advantageous to such
City and its citizens. The particular purpose for such re-conveyance is so that said Las Vegas
Land and Water Company may donate the portion of said City Park, so re-conveyed to it, to the Unit-
ed States of America as a site for the erection and maintenance thereon of a Federal Building or
Buildings.

The portion of the land so donated and dedicated, which we petition to be re-conveyed,
is situate in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, and is described as follows;
A parcel of land situated in the southerly portion of a tract of land known as the City
Park grounds and belonging to the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada and
more particularly described in that certain deed bearing date the 31st day of May 1929, made by
the Las Vegas Land And Water Company, a corporation, to the City of Las Vegas, municipal corpor-
ation, recorded in Book 14 of Deeds at page 560, Clark County, Nevada Records, the particular por-
tion to be re-conveyed and donated to the United States of America through the Las Vegas Land &

Water Company being described as follows, to-wit:

DESCRIPTION OF TRACT TO BE RE-CONVEYED:

Commencing at a point, which is 580 ft. N. 61 degrees. 47 min. W. from a point
which is 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the N. E. Cor. of Block 33 in Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown
on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and running thence N. 61 deg.47 min. E. 350
ft.; thence S. 29 deg. 13 min. 250 ft. to the place of the beginning, and com-
prising a net area of two (2) acres.

Said records are hereby referred to an made a part of this petition," and
Whereas, said petition consists of several parts, each containing signatures and verifi-
cation as hereinafter mentioned, and each part has appended thereto the signatures and places
of residence of electors of said City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, each of said parts of said petition has appended thereto as a part thereof the
oath of one of the signers of each respective part that the statement therein made and the sign-
atures therein set forth are true to the best of the knowledge and belief of the person making
the respective oath, and

Whereas, this Board has found, and hereby finds and determines from the foregoing that the
said petition, as a whole and in its several parts, is in proper form and is verified as required
by law, and further that the said petition in the aggregate contains the signatures of Nine Hun-
dred fifty-seven (957) persons, who were at the time of making of such signatures, and now are
electors of the said City of Las Vegas in a number in excess of fifty-one percent of the number
of votes cast in such City of Representative in Congress at the last preceding general election,

Held November 6th, 1928, and

Whereas, it appears to and is so found and determined by this Board that the tract described
and embraced in said petition as the land to be re-conveyed, and hereinafter more particularly
described, is now held in trust for the public by the said City of Las Vegas for the following
uses, to-wit: For public park purposes only, under a donation and dedication thereof to such pub-
lic uses, made by that certain deed of conveyance, bearing date the 31st day of May 1929, made by
the Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, as grantor, and said City of Las Vegas, as
granteee, which said deed embraces and embraced the following described land, to-wit: Commenc-
ing at a point 80ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the Northeast corner of Block Thirty-three (33)
at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets, as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Town-
site, and running thence N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. 1060 ft: thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. 980 ft. thence

N.	54 deg. 47 min. E. 447.2 ft; thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. E. 860 ft. thence S. 28 deg. 13 min.

W. 1360 ft. to the place of beginning; excepting and excluding therefrom .667 acres in conflict
with Buck's Subdivision to the City of Las Vegas, and comprising a net area of thirty-one and
fifty-one one-hundredths (31.51) acres, exclusive of said conflict, which said last mentioned deed
is of record in Book 14 of Deeds, at page 560, Clark County, Nevada Records, which said records
are hereby specifically referred to an made a part hereof, and

Whereas, it appears to this Board that said Las Vegas Land & Water Company is about to enter
into an agreement with the United States of America or some department thereof to convey, or is
about to convey said above described tract of two (2) acres to the United States of America or
some department thereof, or to some officer or officers of said United States of America or of
some Department thereof as a site for the erection and maintenance thereon of a Federal building
or buildings, and

Whereas, in order to fully consummate the arrangement so contemplated by said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, it is necessary that said City of Las Vegas re-convey the above described
two (2) acre tract to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company, and

Whereas, it appears to this Board and is so found and determined by this Board that after
such re-conveyance to said Las Vegas Land and Water Company of said two (2) acre tract the City of
Las Vegas will have ample grounds for the use thereof for public park purposes, and that such re-
conveyance to said Las Vegas Land & Water Company of said two (2) acre tract to facilitate and
make possible the consummation of the said proposed arrangement so contemplated by said Las Vegas
Land & Water Company, will be advantageous to said City of Las Vegas, and its citizens,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that a deed of re-conveyance, without warranty, on behalf of
said City of said two (2) acre tract, and more particularly described as follows; to-wit: The
following tract of Land, situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to-
wit:

	Commencing at a point, which is 580 ft. N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. from a point

which is 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the N. E. corner of Block 33 in
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets
as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite of record in the office of the
County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and running thence N. 61 deg. 47 min.

W. 350 ft; thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. 250 ft. thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. E.

28 deg. 13 min. W. 250 ft. to the place of the beginning, and comprising a net
area of two (2) acres,

shall be and is hereby ordered and directed to be made of all the right, title and interest of
said City of Las Vegas to said Las Vegas Land and Water Company: that suck deed of re-conveyance
on behalf of said City shall be executed under the hand of the Mayor of said City of Las Vegas
and attested by the City Clerk thereof under the seal of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners R. W. Thomas, O.J. Smith and
L. B. Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner O.J. Smith seconded by Commissioner L. B. Hansell the
following Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, by Resolution duly adopted at this meeting, held on the 2nd day of December 1929,
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have authorized the Mayor and City Clerk
to execute and deliver to the Las Vegas Land & Water Company, a corporation, a deed of re-convey-
ance of the following described land, held by said City of Las Vegas in trust for public park	

purposes, to-wit: The following tract of land, situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, to-wit:

Commencing at a point, which is 580 ft. N. 61 deg. 47 min. W. from a point
which is 80 ft. N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. from the N. E. Cor. of Block 33 in
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite at its intersection with Stewart and Fifth Streets
as shown on Map of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite of record in the office of the
County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and running thence N. 61 deg. 47 min
W. 350 ft; thence N. 28 deg. 13 min. E. 250 ft; thence S. 61 deg. 47 min. E.

350 ft; thence S. 28 deg. 13 min. W. 250 ft. to the place of beginning, and
comprising a net area of two (2) acres,
to which Resolution reference is hereby had and made, and
Whereas, it is deemed necessary in order to protect the rights and interests of the said
City of Las Vegas and its citizens that further provision should be made with respect to the de-
livery of said deed of re-conveyance as hereinafter set forth, and

Whereas, one of the principal considerations for the making and delivery of said deed of
re-conveyance was and is the assurance that the said tract of two (2) acres is to be used by the
government of the United States of America as a site for the erection and maintenance thereon
of a Federal Building or Buildings after the conveyance of said tract of two (2) acres to the
government of the United States of America, the United States of America or some department
thereof, or to some officer or officers of said United States of America or of some Department
thereof as a site for the erection and maintenance thereon of a Federal building or buildings,
and it is also and now considered and was considered in the adoption of said Resolution at this
meeting, as aforesaid, that provision should be made for the reconveyance to this City of said
two acre tract in the event said two (2) acre tract is not within a time, hereinafter prescribed,
conveyed by the said Las Vegas Land and Water Company to the government of the Untied State of
America, the United States of America, or some department thereof, or to some officer or officers
of said United States of America or of some Department thereof as a site for the erection and
maintenance thereon of a Federal building or buildings,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that as a further condition precedent to the delivery of
said deed of re-conveyance by said Mayor and City Clerk they shall on behalf of said City of
Las Vegas, under the hands of the said Mayor, attested by the said City Clerk under the seal of
said City, enter into an agreement with said Las Vegas Band and Water Company upon the following
conditions:

1.	That in the event said two (2) acre tract is not so conveyed by said Las Vegas Land
and Water Company to the government of the United States of America, the United States of America,
or some department thereof, or to some officer or officers of the United States of America, or of
some department thereof as a site for the erection and maintenance thereon of a Federal building
or buildings, within eighteen months from this 2nd day of December, A. D. 1929, then and in that
event said City of Las Vegas, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners, or of some
officer of said City authorized and empowered to make such demand, re-convey said two (2) acre
tract to said City of Las Vegas under deed with the same provisions as are contained in that cer-
tain deed bearing date the 51st day of May 1929, made by said Las Vegas Land and Water Company
to said City of Las Vegas, which deed is of record in Book 14 of Deeds at page 560, Clark County
Nevada Records, wherein all water and/or water rights that may be appurtenant to said land are
expressly excluded from the conveyance, and said land, with the appurtenances are conveyed to
said City of Las Vegas in trust for public park purposes only.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners R. W. Thomas, O.J. Smith, and
L.B. Hansell and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hasnell the following 
Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, it has come to the attention of this Board that the Union Pacific System,
through one of its Bus operating subsidiaries, has applied to the Nevada Public Service Com-
mission for a certificate of Public Convenience to operate a bus line along Route 91, in this
State, and

WHEREAS, said Company is now operating a bus line along said Route, interstate be-
tween California, Nevada, and Utah, and this City os being greatly benefited by said operations
and,

WHEREAS, this City will be more greatly benefited by said Bus Line, if it is permitted
to haul passengers between Las Vegas and Jean on the south, and Las Vegas, and Mesquite and inter-
mediate points on the north, thereby bringing all of said towns and stations within closer prox-
imity to this City,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED: That this Board of City Commissioners of this City of
Las Vegas deem it to be for the best interest of this City and this community that said Certi-
ficate of Public Convenience, be granted, and does hereby reguest and urge the Public Service
Commission of this State to grant said application notwithstanding a like certificate has al-
ready been granted to the Pickwick Company, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this Resolution be sent by telegraph to said Public
Service Commission.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

The Clerk was directed to send a copy of the above Resolution to the Public Service
Commission at Carson City at once, and to also notify by wire the R. E. Hazard Contracting Co.
of San Diego, and R. L. Watson of Las Angeles to be present at the meeting of the Board of

City Commissioners on December 4th 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. in regards to the sign-
ing of the contracts for the paving, and the concrete curbs, and gutters.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 4th day of December at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

DECEMBER 4TH, 1929

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, held on the 4th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Hansell together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meetings of November 27th,	29th, and December 2nd read and approved as read.

There upon the Board entered into a discuss on as to the amount of Bonds the City would
have to issue to cover the City's share of the new paving, and curbs and gutter improvement.

There being no further business to cone before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.



OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 5th, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on the 5th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Smith and German, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of December 4th read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the Clerk's office.

Reports of Building, Plumbing and Electrical inspectors, Municipal Judge and Clerk
presented to the Board and same being approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of December as follows:

$1180.55 Fees and licenses

1219.00	Fines from Muncicpal Court.

$2399.55

Monies proportioned as follows:

$1,000.00 to General Fund.

1,399.55 to Police and Fire Fund.

Monies transferred as follows:

$870.81 To Salary fund from General Fund

147.00	To W. s. & L. Fund from General Fund.

260.00	To Street Fund from General Fund

45.00	To Cemetery Fund From General Fund.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith is was moved that the
Salary of the Municipal Judge be increased from $50.00 per month to $100.00 per month said in-
crease to start the first of December 1929.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse
voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing
Asphaltic Concrete Pavement- Durite Process on certain streets and protions of streets in said
City; Describing definitely the location of said improvements: providing that the cost and ex-
pense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the spec-
ial assessment district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas certain protions thereof are required to be paid from the General Fund
of said City of Las Vegas: providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also gen-
eral bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto
was read to the Board for a second time, and passed by the following vote, Commissioners Thomas,
German, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none. Same was ordered
published in the Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a newspaper printed, and published in the
City of Las Vegas for six issues.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and construct-
ing Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs and Gutter and Rough Grading for Street Improvement on cer-
tain streets and portions of streets in said City: describing definitely the location of said
improvements: providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special ass-
essment upon all lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, accord-
ing to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof
are required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas: providing for the issu-
ance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the pay-
ment thereof and other matters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a sec nd time, and
passed by the following vote; Commissioners German, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
Hesse voting Aye. Nones none. Same was ordered published for one week (6 issues) of the Las
Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper printed, and published in the City of Las
Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed

until Friday the 6th day of December at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 6th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting held on the 6th day of December 1929 at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and Hansell,  together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Mr. Lloyd S. Payne, Electrical Inspector appeared before the Board, and handed in his re-
signation as Electrical Inspector, same to take effect at once. There upon motion of Commission-
er Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith was moved that the resignation of Lloyd Payne be
accepted, and the office of Electrical Inspector be declared vacant.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye.

Noes None.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith was moved that
Paul Hosman, Building Inspector be appointed Electrical Inspector, to hold both offices at the
pleasure of the Board, and to receive a salary for Electrial Inspector the fees collected dur-
ing the month up to $200.00, and all over $200.00 going to the general Fund, and the City in
no way being held to the difference between the fees collected, and said $200.00.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye.
Noes none.

This being the time set for the signing of the contracts for the paving, and curb, and
gutter improvements, and the parties being interested being present the City entered into a
contract with the General Construction Corporation for the laying of the pavement, Durite Process.

W. Earle Roche Pres. and John H, Watson, Attorney inFact for the General Construction
Corporation being present. Mayor J. F. Hesse signing same under the seal of the City, and the
City Clerk Viola Burns attesting same. Contract price being $82,199.98.

O.	M. Hall of the R. E. Hazard Contracting Company of San Diego appeared before the Board
and signed a contract with the City of Las Vegas same being executed under the hand of the Mayor
J. F. Hesse, attest by the Clerk Viola Burns, for the construction of curbs, gutters, and rough
grading in the City of Las Vegas. Contract price being $52,071.58. A bond for $26,035.79 from the
Pacific Indemnity Co; accompanying said contract.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 11th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 11th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 11th day
of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the matter of accepting the bond of the General Construction Co. was
brought before the Board. Mr. E. A. Ferron resident agent for the Southern Surety Company ap-
peared before the Board, and presented proof that the Southern Surety Company was qualified to
carry on business in the State of Nevada, and presented a bond for $41,099.99 equal to 50% of
the amount of the contract price.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the bond of the General Construction Co. be accepted, and the contract be delivered to
Mr. Earle Roche, President of the General Construction Co; Vote as follows, Commissioners Smith,
and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 16th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

To Amend minutes of Dec. 5th, 1929.

On Motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following Resol-
ution was duly adopted:

RESOLVE, that portion of the cost of improvements under Ordinance 150 to be stood by
the City shall be the sum of $10,000.00.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and German, and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith the following Resol-
ution was duly adopted:

RESOLVE, that portion of the cost of Improvements under Ordinance No. 149 to be stood
by the City shall be the sum of $18,00.00.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Smith, and German, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the following entitled Ordinances were read for a first time, and laid
over until the next regular meeting:

"An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, State of Nevada to borrow Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) to provide funds for
the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of Commissioners
to be stood, and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the construction of Hydraulic Cement Con-
crete Curbs and Gutters and Rough Grading for Street Improvements upon interior squares or spaces
formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to
said City, or public grounds no taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with
those certain improvements authorized and determined bo be made under the provisions of Ordin-
ance No. 150 of the City of Las Vegas; to issue and sell bonds of the City of Las Vegas there-
for, said bonds to be known as Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Improvement Bonds,

Series B" and providing for the payment of the principal and interest on said bonds, and other
matters relating thereto."

"An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, State of Nevada, to borrow the sum of Eighteen Thousand ($18,000.00) to provide
funds for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of
Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construct-
ion of Asphalt c Concrete Pavement Durtie Process upon interior squares or spaces formed by
the intersection of streets, and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to said City
or Public ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those certain im-
provements authorized and determined to be made under under the provisions of Ordinance No.

149 of the City of Las Vegas: to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said
bonds to be know as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds Series A" and provid-
ing for the payment of the principal and interest on said bonds, and other matters relating
thereto."

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the Ex-Officio City Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada to levy a special assessment to defray the costs
of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by by the construction of Hydraulic
Cement Concrete Curbs and Gutters and rough grading on certain streets and portions of streets
in said City, according to plats and diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in the
office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said im-
provements, stating the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands and premise s
to be assessed according to benefits; providing for the issuance of Special Assessment Bonds for
the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto; was read to the Board for a first
time, and layed over for a second reading at the next regular meeting.

An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing and Directing the Ex-Officio City Assess of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada to Levy a special assessment to defray the the
costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing
of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Process on certain streets and portions of streets in said
City, according to plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost thereof on file in the Office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements,
stating the amounts of said assessments, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be ass-
essed according to benefits; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for the pay-
ment thereof, and other matters relating thereto," was read to the Board for a first time, and
layed over for a second reading at the next regular meeting.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 16TH, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 16th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and German, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and Smith.

This being the time set for the hearing of the protests of the assessments of the Ornamen-
tal Street Lighting System the matter was laid over until Tuesday the 17th day of December to
hear any and all protests.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recess-
ed until Tuesday the 17th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 17th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 17th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.



Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, German, and Hasell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk, and Assessor.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

At this time the Board took up the matter of protests against Assessment No. 12 for Street
Lighting, the matter having been continued from the meeting of Dec. 16th, 1929.

The written protest of Mrs. Kate Martin to the assessment on Lots 5 and 6 in Block No. 3
of Hawkin's Addition was read, and on order of said Board duly allowed.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was ordered
that the assessment on lots 5 and 6 in Block No. 3 in Hawkin's Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, and that the assessment on lots 15 and 16 in Block No. 2 in Hawkin's Addition to the
City of Las Vegas, appearing in Street Lighting Assessment Roll No. 12 be stricken from said
Roll on the ground that the said assessments are invalid for the reason that the said lots are
not benefited by said improvement in the amount assessed or in any other amount, and the Ex-
Officio Assessor was directed to indicate on said Roll that said assessment had been

stricken therefrom, and it was further ordered that said Assessment Roll No. 12 be and the
same is hereby considered as corrected in the above respects.

There being no further protests on said Lighting Assessment being made, it was, on
motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German the following Resolution was duly
adopted:

Resolve that Assessment Roll No. 12 for Street Lighting Improvement, levied in compli-
ance with and pursuant to Ordinances Nos. 142 and 148 of the City of Las Vegas, be, and the same
is hereby approved and confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
as corrected on t is 17th day of December 1929, and that the City Clerk endorse on said roll
the date and fact of such approval and confirmation as required by the terms of the Charter of
said City of Las Vegas and the terms of said Ordinances Nos. 142 and 148, and that such clerk
forthwith deliver said roll as corrected and confirmed to the County Assessor of the County of
Clark State of Nevada, ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, with the certificate of
said Clerk as to said confirmation and approval, and the date thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said County Assessor, acting ex-officio Assessor shall
thereupon record such assessment roll in his office, in a suitable book to be kept for that pur-
pose, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording, and that said special
assessment shall from the date of recording thereof, constitute a lien upon the respective
lots or parcels of land assessed, and shall be charged against the persons and properties until
paid, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the entire amount of said assessment be collected at once,
with annual interest thereon at the rate of seven per cent per annum as against such assess-
ment as are not paid at once, payable to the County Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Receiver of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the ex-officio Treasurer and Tax Receiver of the City of
Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes hone.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 18th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

WEDNESDAY THE 18th DAY OF DECEMBER 1929.

At a recessed regular matting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 18th day
of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meetings of December 5th, 6th, 11th and 16th read and approved as read.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re
cessed until Monday the 23rd day of December 1929.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY IF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 23rd, 1929.

At recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 23rd day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Minutes of meetings of December 17th and 18th 1989 read and approved as read.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner
Smith:

RESOLVE that the permit granted to C. 0. Lauritzen and George P. Peabody under the terms
of Ordinances Nos. 119 and 124 to install lay down, and maintain gas mains etc; be and the
same is hereby revoked on the grounds that the provisions thereof in said permit in Sections
7 and 8 of said permit have not been complied with, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the notice of such revocation be given by the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas to the Clark County Gas Company the present holder of said permit.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commission-
er Smith:

RESOLVE that the permit granted to R. F. Crittenden and assigns under the terms of
Ordinance No. 136 to install lay down, and main tain gas mains etc; be and the same is here-
by revoked upon the grounds that the permit holder has not complied with the terms of Sec-
tion 8 of said Ordinance, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that notice of such revocation be given by the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas to the Las Vegas Gas Company the present holder of said permit.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The Clerk was directed to send said notices of revocation to the above mentioned
companies by registered mail.

Mr. A. H. Koebig Jr. of the firm of Koebig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers appeared
before the Board at this time with the completed plans of the proposed sewer system, and dis-
posal plant. As only a quorum of the Board was present the meeting recessed until 8:30 P.M.
so that more members might be present, and hear the plans explained.
8:30

A quorum of the Board was not present at this time therefor no meeting was held.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA.

DECEMBER 30th, 1929.

Special Meeting.	Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and German,

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 30th, 1929.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

A Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby called to be held at the Board Room of said Board on Monday the 30th day of Dec-
ember, 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following business:

1. Authorizing a payment to the contractor who installed the ornamental lighting
system.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor.

Las Vegas, Nevada, December 30th, 1929.

To-Mayor J. F. Hesse, and to Commissioners R. W. Thomas, W. C. German, L.B. Hansell, and

O.J. Smith.

You and each of you will please take notice, that in accordance with a call this day
issued by Mayor J. F. Hesse, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City of Las Vegas
County of Clark, State of Nevada on Monday, the 30th day of December, 1929 at the hour
of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	Authorizing a payment to the contactor who installed the ornamental street
lighting system.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

We the undersigned hereby acknowledge due service of the foregoing notice on this
30th day of December, 1929. and certify that L. B. Hansell, and R. W. Thomas, Commissioners
are at the date hereof out of the state and their whereabouts cannot be easily ascertained.
Dated this 30th day of December 1929.

J. F. Hesse	O. J. Smith

Mayor	commissioner

W. C. German

Commissioner.

This special meeting being called for the purpose of paying the first installment
on the Ornamental Street Lighting System, and there being sufficient funds collected by
special assessment to warrant the drawing of the sum of $11,990.00 on the Las Vegas Special
1929 Street Lighting Fund the following preambles, and Resolution were duly passed.

Whereas the Ornamental Street Lighting System under the certificate of Lloyd S. Payne
Inspector for the City of Las Vegas, as hereto fore on the 23rd day of November 1929
completed and accepted, now therefore be it

Resolved, that John R. Davies, contractor, be paid 50% of the contract price, to-

wit the sum of $11,990,00 and that a warrant be drawn upon the Treasurer for said amount
to be signed by the proper officers of the City, from the Las Vegas Special 1929 Street
lighting Fund.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners Smith, and German, and Hid
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 2nd 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 2nd day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith and Thomas together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of December 23rd and 30th 1929 read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per Claim and Warrant Register on file in the Office of the City Clerk.

Monies received as follows:

$1396.48 Licenses, fees,

751.50	Police Court Fines.

$2147.98 Total.
Monies Proportioned as follows:

$1,000.00 General Fund.

839.75	Police and Fire Fund.

223.23 Water Sewer Light Fund.

85.00	Cemetery
$2147. 98 Total.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the following gaming Licenses be granted. Said application being approved by the Police and
Fire Commissioner R. W. Thomas.

Application of A. T. McCarter Exchange Club, 3 tables, Boulder Club three Tables.

F. S. LeRoy two tables, Brown and Sanders 2 Tables, Gilmore and Horden two tables, Stocker
Brothers two tables, Rainbow Club two tables, Sam Stern two tables, J. R. Boyer two tables,

Woo Weget two tables, Frank Martin one table:

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith German, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

An Ordinance Empowering, Authorizing, and Directing the Ex-officio City Assess of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to Levy A Special Assessment to Defray the Costs
of Making Certain improvements In the City of Las Vegas, By Grading for and Construction of
Asphaltic Concrete Pavement Durite Process on Certain Streets and Portions of Streets In Said
City, According to the plats, Diagrams and Estimates of Cost Thereof on File in the Office of

the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas: Describing Definitely the Location of said Improvement

Stating the Amounts of said Assessment, and Designating the Lots, Lands and Premises to be Ass-
essed According to Benefits: Providing for the Issuance of Special Assessment Bonds for the
Payment Thereof, and Other Matter Relating Thereto, was read to the Board for a second time, and
passed by the following vote, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

Same to be in full force and effect from and afters its complete publication for one week
(three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a triweekly newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas.

An Ordinance empowering authorizing and directing the Ex-officio City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada to levy a special assessment to defray the costs
of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by the construction of Hydraulic Cement
Concrete Curbs and Gutters and rough grading on certain streets and protions of streets in said

City, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of

the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definately the location of said improvements

stating the amounts of said assessments, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be ass-
essed according to benefits; providing for the issuance of Special Assessment Bonds for the pay-
ment thereof and other matters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a second time, and
passed by the following vote: Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

Same to be in full force and effect after its complete publication of one week ( six
i sues) in the Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper printed and Published in
the City of Las Vegas.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark Coun-
ty, State of Nevada, to borrow Eighteen Thousand Dollars ($18,000.00), to provide funds for
the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of Commissioners
to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construction of Asphaltic
Concrete Pavement Durite Process upon the interior squares or spaces formed by the intersection
of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to said City, or not public
ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those certain improvements
authorized and determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 149 of the City
of Las Vegas; to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be
known as "Las Vegas Special 1950 Pavement Improvement Bonds," Series A" and providing for the
payment of the principal and interest on said bonds, and other matters relating thereto" was read
to the Board for a second time and passed by the following vote; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell
and Smith and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

Same to be in full force and effect afters its complete publication for a period of one
week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and published in the
City of Las Vegas.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark Coun-
ty, State of Nevada, to borrow Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) to provide finds for the pur-
pose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of Commissioners to be 
stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the construction of Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs
Gutters and Rough Grading for street improvements upon interior squares or spaces formed by the
intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to the City or
public ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those certain improve-
ments authorized and determined to be made under the provisions of Ordinance No. 150 of the City
of Las Vegas; to issue and sell bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be
known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Improvement Bonds Series B," and providing for
the payment of the principal and interest on said bonds, and other matters relating thereto,"
was read to the Board for a second time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners 
Hansell, Smith, and Thomas, and His honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Same to be in full force and effect from and afters its passage, and complete publication
for one week ( six issues) in the Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal a daily newspaper print-
ed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 3rd day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JANUARY 3rd 1930.

a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 3rd day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Clerk instructed to write to the Public Service Commission and find out if and extension
of time had been grated to the Las Vegas Gas Co;

City Attorney to write to the Union Pacific Rail Road System care of W. R. Bracken to find

out if the City would be given land to use for the purposed new sewer disposal plant.

The Following Resolution was read to the Board.

RESOLUTION TO THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

WHEREAS the Board of Education of Las Vegas Union School District proposes to construct
a sewer connecting the new High School grounds with the present sewer system by the way of the
alley between Seventh and Eighth Streets from Bridger to Fremont Street, and

WHEREAS said Board of Education believes that owners of adjoining property now without
sewer service should be afforded the benefit of connecting on this sewer, and

WHEREAS, if they do so they should bear their just proportion of the construction expense
and are willing to do so, provided that they are not again assessed for similar improvements
under the proposed new city sewer system,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that said Board of Education requests the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to take such steps as may be necessary to insure said pro-
perty owners against the payment of a double assessment for the lateral sewer connections by de-
claring the proposed High School sewer a part of the proposed new sewer system, or by some other
method which they may determine upon as legally and economically sound.

Signed O.K. Adcock

President of Board of Education.

E. H. Huntung

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada,	Secretary of the Board of Education.

December 27th, 1929.

The members of the Board entered into a general discussion about the fore going
Resolution, but no decision was reached, and the matter was laid over for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 6th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 6th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 6th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hess, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and German,

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the City
donate the sum of $50.00 to the Las Vegas Rotary Club for their Municipal Christmas Tree fund. Said
$50.00 to be taken from the Publicity Fund. Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith and Thomas and his
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed un-
til Tuesday the 7th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
JANUARY 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
egas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, City Attorney, and Clerk.
Absent Commissioners German and Smith.

There being no business to come before the Board upon motion of Commissioner Thomas
Seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that the meeting recess until Thursday the 9th day
of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes None.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 9th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 9th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of January 2nd, 3rd, 6th and 7th read and approved as read.

Mr. O.K. Adcock President of the Board of Education and Mr. E. A. Cahlan of the Board
of Education appeared before the Board of Commissioners in regards to the sewer for the new
high school plant. Thereupon the members of the two Boards entered into a general discussion
as to the ways of giving the high school access to the City Sewer. The sewer from the high
school may tie into the City Sewer at 7th and Fremont Sts;

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas and seconded by Commission-
er Smith, That a warrant be drawn on the Police and Fire Fund for the amount of $75.00 made
payable to Harold Case, same to pay his expenses to Los Angeles to receive instructions in
regards to the new LaFranc Fire Truck which will be delivered to the City of Las Vegas About
Jan. 15th, 1930.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith and German,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The Clerk was instructed to write Koebig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers, incharge for
the proposed new Sewer system, and disposal plant for the City of Las Vegas to send out a set
of completed plans including laterals for the acceptance of the Board, and to inform them that
when said plans had been accepted that the final payment would be made to them, in the amount
of $1,000.00.

A letter from the Las Vegas Gas Company, Ltd; asking that they be granted a ninety day
extension of time in regards to the franchise granted them. Said Franchise was revoked by the
Board of City Commissioners at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held on the 23rd day of December 1929.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the letter be laid over for fur-
ther consideration, seconded by Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Hansell moved to amend the motion of Commissioner Thomas to the effect that
and extension of time be granted the Las Vegas Gas Company if they would post a bond of $5,000.00
with the City of Las Vegas. Said Amendment seconded by Mayor Hesse. Vote on said amendment was
as follows; Commissioner Hansell voting Aye, and Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and German, and
His Honor the Mayor voting No.

Vote on motion as introduced by Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith was
as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith, Thomas, and German, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes None.

Plat of Las Vegas Highlands was presented to the Board for its Approval. Same being
approved by the City Planning Commission, and the Board of County Commissioners.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the plat of Las Vegas Highlands be approved by the Board of City Commissioners same to be
approved by the Mayor J. F. Hesse, and Attest by the City Clerk Viola Burns. Vote on said motion
was as follows; Commissioners German, Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.
Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 14th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 14th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Minutes of meeting of January 9th 1930 read and approved as read.

A form of notice to bond bidders of the offering for sale of the ten bonds of the Las
Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Improvement Bonds Series B, issue, namely of ten bonds of
the denomination of One Thousand Dollars each, payable in ten annual instalments dated Jan.
1st, 1930 the first instalment falling due January 1st 1931, was presented to the Board

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolve that the form of notice offering for sale the ten bonds of the denomination of
One Thousand Dollars each of the Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Improvement Bonds
Series B, as presented to this Board be and the same is hereby adopted and the Mayor is auth-
orized to sign the same on behalf of this Board, and the City Clerk to Attest the same under
the seal of the City, and said Clerk authorized to have such notice published in the Las Vegas
Evening Review and Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada once a
week for four consecutive weeks and the date for opening and passing on bids set for the 14th
day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of this Board, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to mail a
copy of such notice to the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada, at Carson City
Nevada, at least three weeks prior to February 14th, 1930.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

A form of notice to bond bidders of the offering for sale of the eighteen bonds of the
Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds Series A, issue, namely of eighteen bonds
of the denomination One Thousand Dollars each payable in eighteen annual instalments dated Jan-
uary 1, 1930, the first instalment falling due January 1st, 1931 was presented to the Board.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German the following Re-
solution was duly adopted:

Resolve that the form of notice offering for sale the eighteen bonds of the denomination

of One Thousand Dollars each of the Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds

Series A, as presented to this Board be and the same is	hereby adopted, and the Mayor is auth-
orized to sign the same on behalf of this Board and the City Clerk to Attest same under the

seal of the City, and said Clerk authorized to have such notice published in the Las Vegas

Age a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas Nevada once a week for four con-
secutive weeks and the date for opening and passing on bids set for the 14th day of Feb-
ruary 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of this Board, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to mail a copy
of such notice to the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada, at Carson City, Nevada,
at least three week prior to Februnary 14th 1930.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 17th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 17th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 17th
day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and German,

Minutes if meeting of January 14th, read and approved as read.

Mr. Leo MaNamee, attorney for the Las Vegas Land and Water Company appeared before the
Board of City Commissioners in behalf of the Las Vegas Land and Water to present an application
of the Las Vegas Land & Water Company to the Board asking that all permits and franchises
held by the Las Vegas Land & Water Co. be incorporated into one permit.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
the the application for a permit incorporating all permits held by the Las Vegas Land & Water
Co. be granted Said permit to be signed by the Mayor J. F. Hesse, and the Water Sewer &

Light Commissioner L.B. Hansell same to be attest by the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas is was moved that
the sum of One Hundred Dollars be transferred from the General Fund to the Police and Fire Fund.

Vote upon said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The Board was informed that the new American LaFrance fire truck had been delivered
to the City and same wag awaiting the acceptance of the Board.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Com-
missioner Hansell, That the American LaFrance fire truck be inspected by Fire Chief Case, and
that he make a written report to the Board as to the condition of the fire apparatus, and see
that it complies with all specification, and that all tools, and extras are as called for in
the contract. That upon the receipt of such letter the the City Clerk be authorized to draw
a warrant for $3,500.00 the initial payment on the apparatus.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was direct to work in connect with Mr. Gelber and City Attor-
ney Steven to revise the Electrical Ordinance.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday the 20th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 20TH, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas nevada held on the 20th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith, Thomas together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

The following letter was read to the Board.

Las Vegas Nevada,

January 17th, 1930.

Hon. Board of Commissioners:

At the request of Mr. R. W. Thomas, I herewith submit my report 
regarding the new American LaFrance fire apparatus.

I have checked over the apparatus and find it complies in every way with the specifications
 in every respect and further find that all tools and extras are with the truck.

In addition to reading the report of the Board of Fire Underwriters I personally watched the
truck in operation, having ordered it connected to a fire plug and pumped, therefore, ask that
your honorable body accept the apparatus at once in order that it may be turned over to us
for practice and instruction.

Very Truly yours,

H. Case.

Fire Chief.

An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 138 of the City of Las Vegas , entitled: "An Or-
dinance creating the office of City Electrical Inspector, and prescribing his duties,
creating and establishing the Bureau of Electrical Inspection and defining the duties,
and power of said Bureau, providing for the issuance of permits for installing electrical
construction and fixing the fees thereof; regulating that installation of electrical con-
struction, maintenance and repairs of electrical wiring, apparatus, or equipment for heat
light or power, within, upon or attached, to buildings, structures, lots or premises within
the City of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the violation of this ordinance," by add-
ing thereto the following sections, viz; Sections xla, Xlb, Xlc, Xld, Xle, Xlf, Xlg, Xlh,
and Xli, was read to the Board for a first tine, and laid over for a second reading.

An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and
connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, and creat-
ing an examination board, and providing a penalty for a violation thereof," was road to the
Board for a first time, and aid over for a second reading.

F. C. Devinney ex-officio Assessor of the City Las Vegas filed with Board an Ass-
essment roll covering the property in Assessment No. 1 for the improvement for construct-
ion of Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Gutter and rough grading, which roll was certi-
fied by such Ex-officio City Assessor, and upon motion duly made seconded and carried
the Clerk was directed to have a notice calling for protests on such assessment in the
form presented to the meeting published for two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, setting the date for hear-
ing protests and to review said assessment for the 7th day of February 1930 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of said Board.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

C.	Devinney, Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas filed with the Board
an assessment roll covering the property assessment District No. 2 for the improvement for
the grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete pavement Durtie Process which roll
was certified by such Ex-officio City Assessor, and upon motion duly made seconded and
carried the Clerk was directed to have a notice calling for protests an such assessment
in the form presented to the meeting published for two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Re-
view Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, setting the date for the
hearing of protests and to review said assessment for the 7th day of February 1930 at the
hour of 3 o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of said Board.

the vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thursday the 23rd day of January 1950 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 23rd 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 23rd day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Minutes of meetings of January 17th and 20th 1930 read and approved as read.
The resignation of Paul Hosman, Electrical Inspector, was filed in writing with
the Board of Commissioners.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
the the resignation of Paul Hosman be accepted.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The applications of E.F. Risch and L.H. Rockwell, in writing was presented to
the Board. A letter recommending A.N. Vann for Electrical Inspector was also presented
to the Board. A paper ballot was cast for Electrical Inspector, and upon counting the
ballots cast it was found that the four ballots cast were all for L.H. Rockwell.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
the L.H. Rockwell be appointed Electrical Inspector.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

A letter from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce asking that the Board of Com-
missioners have the "Welcoming Arch at Fremont and Main Sts be place in good repair.
Said letter was referred to O.J. Smith Street Commissioner.

All communications read to the Board.

Clerk was directed to write W.L. Aplin and ask that he have the fire plug re-
pair that was damaged when ran into by his car.

The Clerk was also directed to write Koebig and Koebig and ask that they file
with the Clerk Estimates of cost, plats, diagrams, plans and locality, and distance to
be improved by the proposed sew system, so that the City might publish a Notice of In-
tention in connection with the proposed sewer system.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meet-
ing recessed until Monday the 27th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS. VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY. 27th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 27th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meeting of January 23rd 1930 read and approved as read.

A letter from Koebig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers was presented to the Board. After
a lengthy discussion the Clerk was directed to write them at the dictation of the City
Attorney, and ask that they send detailed estimates of the proposed sewer system so that
the notice of intention might be published.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 29th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 29th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 29th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. B. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and German together with the
City Attorney and Clerk. Commissioners Smith arriving late.

Minutes of meeting of January 27th 1930 read and approved as read.

Mr. S. R. Whitehead, president of the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce appeared before the
Board and read in person a letter from the Chamber of Commerce asking that the City incur no
further bonded indebtedness nor create any further special assessment districts without first 
affording the citizens, through the Chamber of Commerce, the opportunity to study the need for
the assessments or bond issues.
After a general discussion in regards to the letter from the Chamber of Commerce upon
motion of Commissioners Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that the letter
be placed on file.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. F. A. Stevens of the Las Vegas Public Library Board informed the Board of City 
Commissioners that Mrs. Anna Bracken would serve on the Library Board filling the place of E.E.
Smith deceased. He also informed the Board that there was some 5,000 books in the Library, and
that the Library Board had looked into the matter of insuring the Library, and building., and
placed the value of each book at about 75cents/

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
Anna Bracken be appointed on the Library Board.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
Library Board have the Library and contents insured, and to secure policy for same.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Motion by Commissioner Hansell seconded by Mayor Hesse that proposed ordinance entitled
"An Ordinance prescribing the location of houses of illfame, hurdy gurdy houses, bawry houses,
and any and all places to which persons resort for lewd or lascivious purposes, or for the
purposes of lewdness or prostitution, prescribing punishment for the violation of this ordinance
and other matters relating thereto," be read for a first time.

Moved by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, that the above motion be
amended to the effect that the reading of said Ordinance be laid over for further investigation
before first reading.

Vote on the amendment was as follows; Commissioners German, nomas, and Smith voting
Aye, and Commissioner Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting no.

Commissioner Thomas moved, and the motion was seconded by Commissioner Smith that the meet-
ing recess until Thursday the 30th day of January at the hour of 8:30 o'clock P.M.

Vote as follows : Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 30th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 30th day of
January 1950 at the hour of eight thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

The bill of John R. Davies for $11,990.00 the final payment on the ornamental
street light system was presented to the Board. As all the parties assessed for said im-
provement had not paid their respective assessment it was move by Commissioner German,

and seconded by Commissioner Thomas that a warrant for the sum of $7,500.00 be drawn on
the Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Lighting Fund same to be forwarded to John Davies at
once, and the balance to be paid after the first.

Vote on said resolution was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The bond of L.H. Rockwell, Electrical Inspector was presented to the Board. Same
being approved by the Mayor, and Clerk to place same on file.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that "An Ordinance prescribing the location of houses of ill-fame, hurdy gurdy houses, bawdy
houses, and any and all places to which persons resort for lewd or lascivious purposes, or
for the purposes of lewdness or prostitution, prescribing ,prescribing punishment for the
violation of this ordinance, and other matters relating thereto," be read fora firsttime.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon City Attorney Stevens read said Ordinance for a first time.

The council was addressed on the subject of said Ordinance by the following: Jack
Irish, T. A. Wells, Harry Blanding, Clarence Stay, Harry Anderson, Mrs. Agens McLaughlin,

J. L. Filbey, Him. Ellis, Mr. Chapman, and Wm. Cantrell.

Motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German to adjourn until
the next regular meeting. On being put to a vote the vote was as follows; Commissioners Hansell
German, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

	CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 6th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
6th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Monies received for the month of Jan. 1930 as follows:

$4781.50 Licenses, Plumbing, Electrical, Bldg. Inspectors fees, Cemetery.

1091.00	Fines from Municipal Court.

5872.50	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows;

85.00	Cemetery

97.50	W. S. and L.

2000.00	General.

3690.00	Police and Fire.

5872.50

$2,000.00 transferred to General Fund. Money transferred 11-7-29 from General.

794.62	" from General Fund to Street Paving Bond Interest Fund.

T.	J. Lawrence from Los Angeles, representative of Artesian Park Estates was present,
and protested the removal of the segregated district to the Boul Tract.

A letter from Phillips and Hambaugh, Realty Corporation of Los Angeles, was read to
the Board. The letter was in the form of a protest to the moving of the segregated district
to the Boul Tract.

A letter from C. H. Utley asking that the Board of Commissioners reinburse him for the
lost of clothing he suffered while aiding the Volunteer fire department in fighting the fire
in the Elwell building the night of December 25th, 1929. Said Letter was referred to the Police
and Fire Commissioner.

The Clerk was instructed to write the Chamber of Commerce, and acknowledge the receipt
of their letter of January 29th, 1930.

"An Ordinance regulating the practice of civil engineering and surveying in the City of
Las Vegas, providing for the examination, registration and licensing of persons engaged in the
same, creating an examination board, and providing for the violation thereof," was read to the
Board for a first time, and laid over for a second reading.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, that the previous
reading of an ordinance entitled "An Ordinance prescribing the location of houses of ill-fame
hurdy-gurdy houses, bawdy houses and any and all places to which persons resort for lewd, or
lascivious purposes, or for the purposes of lewdness or prostitution, prescribing punishment
for the violation of this ordinance, and other matter relating there to,'' be rescinded, and read
for a first time this date; Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners German, Hansell
and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon said Ordinance was read for a first time, and laid over for a second reading.

Mr. Royale of the Nevada Labor Commission appeared before the Board, and ask the Board to
contribute a sum of money each month to help maintain a "Free Employment Bureau" in the City of
Las Vegas. Mr. Russell, and Mr. Duffill also appeared before the Board on behalf of the Labor
Commission.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until February 7th 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 7th day of February 1930 at the hour of three O'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, and German together with the City Attorney
and Clerk,, and Assessor.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell.

This being the time set for the hearing of protests against the assessments on lots in the
City of Las Vegas District No. 2, for defraying by special assessments that portions of the costs
to be paid by lot owners for the construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements- Durite Process un-
der Ordinance No. 151 of the City of Las Vegas, and the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City being
present with the Board and no protests being made either orally or in writing.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was ordered that said
assessment Roll No. 151 created for the construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavement- Durite Process-
in accordance with Ordinance No. 151 of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby confirmed
by the Board of City Commissioners on this 7th day of February 1930, and that the City Clerk shall
make and endorsement upon said roll showing the date and fact of confirmation, as required by Charter
and thereupon deliver same to the County Assessor, acting ex-officio assessor, with her certificate
of such confirmation and of the date thereof, and said County assessor, acting ex-officio assessor
shall there upon record such assessment roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of
the date of such recording. It is further ordered that such assessments be and are hereby made pay-
able upon this approval.
This also being the time set for hearing of protests against the assessments on lots in
the City of Las Vegas District No. 1 for defraying by special assessments that portions of
the costs to be paid by lot owners for the construction of hydraulic Concrete Curbs, and Gutters
and rough grading under Ordinance No. 152 of the City of Las Vegas, and the Ex-Officio assess-
or of the City being present with the Board, and no protests being made either orally or

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German it was ordered
that said assessment Roll No. 152 created for the construction of Hydraulic Concrete Curbs
Gutters, and Rough Grading in accordance with Ordinance No. 152 of the City of Las Vegas be
and the same is hereby confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners on this 7th day of Febru-
ary 1930, and that the City Clerk shall make an endorsement upon said roll showing the date
and fact of confirmation, as required by Charter and thereupon deliver the sane to the County
Assessor, acting ex-officio city assessor with her certificate of such confirmation and of
the date thereof, and such County Assessor, acting ex-officio city assessor shall there upon
record such assessment roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of
such recording. It is further ordered that such assessments be and are hereby made payable
upon this approval.

The members of the Board then entered into s discussion on the purposed sewer system.

The Clerk was directed to write Koebig and Koebig, Engineers, for a copy of detailed estimates
and specifications, and a copy of the profiles.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 10th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 10th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro tem Smith, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse, 

Hr. W. R. Bracken, of the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; appeared before the Board,
and stated that any objection the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; might have to the laying of
the proposed sewer mains in the streets or alleys of the City of Las Vegas would be present-
ed to the Board in writing.

Mr. J. M. Heaton appeared before the Board and ask that the Board donate the sum of
One Hundred Dollars per month for the next five months to the local Radio Broadcasting Station
KGIX. As the Publicity fund is about depleted is was moved by Commissioners German seconded by
Commissioner Thomas that the City donate the sum of Seventy-Five Dollars from the Publicity
Fund to Radio Station KGIX.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioner Thomas, German, and Hansell, and
Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Friday the 14th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 14th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on, the 14th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith to-
gether with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Mr. W. R. Bracken, Vice-President and Agent of the Las Vegas Land and Water Co;
read a letter to the Board of Commissioners from the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; asking
for the loan of a set of plans and specifications of the contemplated sewer system, if
it would be possible to loan the set now on file in the Clark's office, and send same to
Los Angeles for photostating .
Commissioner Hansell informed the Board of Commissioners that Mr. Koebig of Koebig &
Koebig would be in Las Vegas on Tuesday the 18th day of February with the complete plans
estimates, and specifications, and ask that the Board hold a meeting that day, and have the
public informate that Mr. Koebig would explain the sewer system, and answer all questions.

Mr. Bracken also read to the Board a letter dated October 1924 in regards to the
closing of roads on North Main st. The Clerk was directed to write J. T. McWilliams, and
inform him that the roads had been closed by resolution passed at a meeting of the County
Board of Commissioners.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the following two issues of bonds,

viz:

1. The $10,000.00 Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Improvement Bonds, Series B.

2. The $18,000.00 Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series A.
there was filed with the Clerk affidavit of publication of notice for each of said issues,
and also the affidavit of the Clerk as to notice given to the State Board of Finance of the

State of Nevada, for a period of three weeks and more prior to the opening of said bids,
of the sale of said bonds, consisting of an affidavit and copy of the notice for each of
said issues.

There upon the Clerk was directed to open the bids, such bids being as follows:

Benham & Co; and International Trust Company, both of Denver Colo, on the $10,000.00
issue bid par and accrued interest, offered to print the bonds free and furnish legal ser-
vices, bonds to carry interest at 6% per annum, Same was accompanied by a certified check
in the proper amount. Benham & Co; and International Trust Co; both of Denver, Colo. on the
$18,000.00 issue, the bid being the same as on the $10,000.00 issue and accompanied by a
certified check in the proper amount.

Edward L. Burton & Co; of Salt Lake City, Utah made the following bid: For Ten
Thousand ($10,000.00) curb and gutter bonds, maturing serially from one to ten years, and
for eighteen thousand dollars ($18,000.00) paving bonds, maturing One Thousand Dollars.
($1,000.00) from one to eighteen years, bonds to bear interest at the rate of six percent
(6%) per annum, interest payable semi-annually, Twenty-eight Thousand Five Hundred Thirty
Dollars, ($28,530.00. with accrued interest from the date of the bonds to the date of
their actual delivery to purchaser, and purchaser to print bonds and furnish legal ex-
amination. Same was accompanied by certified check in the sum of Two Thousand Dollars,
($2,000.00).

Snow, Goodart & Company of Salt Lake City, Utah made the following bid; For
$28,000.00 general obligation bonds of the City, for $14,000.00 of bonds bearing interest
at the rate of 4 3/4% and maturing $2,000.00 on Jan. 1st in each year 1931 to 1937, in-
clusively; and $14,000.00 of bonds bearing interest at the rate of 6%, and maturing
$2,000.00 on Jan. 1st in each year 1938 to 1940, and $1,000.00 on Jan. 1st in each year.

1941 to 1948, inclusively, bidder to pay par and accrued interest for bonds delivered
to purchaser in Salt Lake City, Utah free of exchange or collection charges. The bidder
also agreed to print the bonds at a cost of not over $75.00 to the City. The bid was ac-
companied by a cashier's check for $1,500.00.

After considerable discussion, it was moved by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by
Commissioner German that the following Resolution be adopted:

Resolved, that the bid of Snow Goodart & Company, with the provision that the pur-
chaser print the bonds at a cost of not to exceed $75.00 to the City, is considered and
found by this Board to be the best bid on each issue, and that the bid of Snow Goodart
& Company on each issue be and the same is hereby accepted and that the Mayor and City
Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to accept same in writing in the following form:

The foregoing offer is hereby accepted for and on behalf of Las Vegas, Nevada.

IN WIT ESS WHEREOF, Witness our hands and the seal of said City, this 14th day of
February, A.D. 1930.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Smith, Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was ordered
that the checks of the unsuccessful biders be returned to them by the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioner Thomas, German, Smith, Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 18th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 18th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, together
with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse.

Permission was given the Board to hold the meeting in the Court Room of the County
Court House, as a large number of citizens were present to hear the proposed sewer system
explained. Mr. A.H. Koebig, Jr. of the firm of Koebig and Koebig was present with the plans
estimates, specification, and profiles of the proposed sewer system, and explained to those
present the rates of assessments that might be use, and the districts to be improved.

Mr. Whitehead, President of the Chamber of Commerce, L.J. Oakes Chairman of the Chamber
of Commerce Committee, and others addressed the meeting.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by commissioner Thomas it was moved that
Koebig and Koebig deliver a complete set of plans, specifications, and estimates to the Chief
Engineer, of the Union Pacific System in Los Angeles.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German, and Mayor
Pro Tem Smith voting aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 21st day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 21st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 21s t day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of January 29th and 30th, and February 6th, 7th, 10th, 14th, and
18th read and corrected.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German, it was moved
that the plat of Fremont Addition to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clerk, State of Nevada,
be approved. Same to be approved by Mayor Pro Tem Smith and Attest by City Clerk Viola Burns,
under the seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners German, Thomas and Smith voting Aye.
Noes none. Mayor Hesse not voting.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Clerk, Viola Burns correct the minutes of all special meetings, and show the members
of the Board that were present, and the ones that were absent.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Clerk was instructed to write Koebig and Koebig and ask for the confirmation of the
filing with the Chief Engineer of the Union Pacific System a set of plans estimates, and
specifications, from Koebig and Koebig.

A letter from the Department of the Interior, Indian Field Service, was read to the
Board asking that the City help that Department in the keening of the site used by the In-
dians in the City of Las Vegas for homes in a sanitary condition. The letter was referred to
O.J. Smith Street Commissioner who was to take the matter up with J.P. King Street Supt; in
charge of the sanitary conditions in the City.

Mr. W. R. Bracken of the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; appeared before the Board and ask
that the Board grant a per it to the said Las Vegas Land and Water Co; consolidating all
previous permits.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that the Board rescind the motion of January 17th, 1930. in regards to a permit to the Las
Vegas Land and Water Company. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner German, Smith
and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
t at the Board of Commissioners grant a Permit to the Las Vegas Laud and Water Co; consol-
idating all previous permits, and paragraph four be accepted as corrected.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was

Resolved, that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby ordered to notify all persons
who are delinquent in the payment of the assessment for Ornamental Street Lighting Improve-
ment that such assessment must be paid within fifteen days from the date of this meeting,
this 21st day of February, 1930, or otherwise steps will be taken to enforce the lien of
such assessment upon the lots and premises still delinquent within fifteen days from the
date of this meeting.
The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 26th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 26th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 26th day of
February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of February 21st read and approved as read.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that a
map of the "Resubdivision of of Block 13, and portions of Blocks 21 and 22 of bardie addition
to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada," Owner Miller-Buzick Corp. be approved by the
Board of City Commissioners. That the same be Approved by the Mayor J.F. Hesse, and Attest
by City Clerk Viola Burns, under the seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, German, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time the members entered into a discussion on the City Budget for the coming
year. No decision was reached at this time.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 28th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 28th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 28th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith, and German, together with
the City Attorney, and Clerk.

There being no business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed un-
til the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. February 28th, 1930.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 28th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 28th day of February 1930 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioners Smith seconded by Commissioner
German:

Resolved, that the Commissioners of Streets O.J. Smith be and he is hereby authorized
and empowered to enter into a contract with the "Autin-Western Road Machinery Co;" to pur-
chase 1-Model 20 Austin Dual Drive Motor Grader complete with special twelve foot Blade, ten
inch rear tires and Cab."

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners German, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.
At this time the Board again entered into a discussion on the City Budget. Mr. Blackman
public accountant, was present to help the Board in this matter. After a lengthy discussion no
decision was reached.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recess-
ed until Saturday the 1st day of March 1930 at the hour of eleven forty-five.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 1st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 1st day of March 1930 at the hour of eleven forty-five P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith, and Thomas together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of February 26th, 28th, at the hour of three P.M. and February
28th at the hour of seven thirty P.M. read and approved as read.

Commissioner German presented to the Board the Budget for the year 1930.

A fund was hereby created to be known as the Library Fund.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
Budget for the year 1930 be adopted as presented to the Board, and a copy of said Budget be in-
cluded in the minutes of this meeting.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

Budget as follows:

ESTIMATED RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

FOR THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 1930, AS PROVIDED BY
SECTION 9, CHAPTER 42, STATUTES OF NEVADA, 1923.

		*Indicates totals for all bonds.

Note: Licenses and Fine will be apportioned as follows:	$13,000.00 Police & Fire. Fund.

10,000.00 General Fund

Poll Taxes to go to Street Fund.
Cash on hand, January 1st, 1930	$59,648.64

Balance due from second half of taxes, 1929	22,616.00

The Clerk was directed to deliver a copy of the Budget to the Board of County Commissioners,
to have Budget published once a week for two consecutive weeks in a newspaper printed and published
in Las Vegas, and to send a copy of said Budget to the State Board of Finance.

The matter of the tax levy was next brought before the Board.

There upon, the following Resolution was adopted by the Board of Commissioners upon motion
of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, and unanimously carried:

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.149 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1930, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED that	an ad valorem tax of $.033 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and

paid for the year 1930, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be know as and used as the Police and Fire Fund.

RESOLVED that	an ad valorem tax of $.403 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property 

situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1930, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Streets & Alley Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.299 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1930, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Water Sewer and Light Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.020 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1930, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Cemetery Fund.

RESOLVED that and ad valorem tax of $.086 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, he levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1930, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Bond Interest Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.105 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1930, including net proceeds from the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Bond Interest Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.024 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1930, including net proceeds from the mines, except property as is exempt from
taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Public Library Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.042 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1930, including the net proceeds from the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.*

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 4th day of March at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

* Schedule of Bond Interest

Bond Issue	Actual	Estimated	Rate.

Sewer Bonds	$420.00	-----------	-------

Highway Bonds	$2,460.00	$2,220.00	.047

Paving & Curb Bonds	600.00	525.00	.011

New Paving & Curb Bonds----------------------            1.330.00	.028

Totals	$3,480.00	4,075.00	.086

Schedule of Bond Redemption

Sewer Bonds	$4,000.00	----------	---------

Highway Bonds	2,000.00	$2,000.00	.042

Special P and	C.	2,000.00	1,000.00	.021

New P. & C. Bonds------------------------------------ 		       2,000.00  	.042

Totals	8,000.00	5,000.00	.105

Total Bonds Outstanding Dec. 31, 1929.

Sewer Bonds	#33 to 40 inclus.	$8,000.00	6% inst.

Highway Bonds	#11 to 49	"	39,000.00	6% "

Special P. & C. #2 to 12	"	11,000.00	5% "

NOTE: The redemption of Sewer Bonds and interest is funded.

The redemption of Highway Bond #2 is funded.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 6TH, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
6th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesses, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and German, together with the City
Attorney, and Clerk.

Commissioner Thomas absent.

All bills allowed as per "Claim, and Warrant Register", on file in the office of the Clerk.

Monies received for the month of March as follows:

$1,050.00 Municipal Court Fines.

674.50	City Licenses, fees, and sale of cemetery lots.

1,724.50

Monies proportioned as follows:

$260.00 Cemetery Fund from sale of lots

19.00	Water Sewer & Light Fund from fees collected.

	1.445.50 Police & Fire Fund.	

1,724.50	Total

$350.00 transferred from General Fund to the Police & Fire Fund.

Commissioner Smith was appointed to approve the bills of the Police and Fire Dept. during
the absence of Commissioner Thomas.

Mr. C.C. Boyer of the State Highway Dept. appeared before the Board in regards to the bills
against the City from that Dept. Commissioner Smith was going to investigate the matter.
City Attorney Stevens was directed to write to the State Eight way Dept. and address same
to Mr. C.C Boyer in regards to the City of Las Vegas, caring for the 3.67 miles of State
Highway in the city limits of said City.

Captain Keelen, spoke to the Board in regards to securing a gas franchise from the City
of Las Vegas for a company he represented. He was directed to make his application in writing.

Attorney Stevens read to the Board a letter from the Public Service Commission of Nev-
ada stating that the certificate of public convenience granted to the Las Vegas Gas Company
by the Public Service Commission is void.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 10th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 10th day of March 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Thomas.

Minutes of meetings of March 1st, and March 6th read and approved as read.

The written application of E.B. Keelen and C.E. Wyatt for a permit to install, lay down,

and maintain a gas system in the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
application be layed over, for further consideration.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, it was moved that
a warrant be drawn on the Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Light Fund for the sum of $3,500.00
and that same be forwarded to John R. Davies, as part payment on the ornamental street light
system installed in the City of Las Vegas, by said John R. Davies.

Vote oh said motion Was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon the Board entered into a discussion on the proposed ordinances for the City
of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 14th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 14th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of March 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of March 10th, 1930 read and approved as read.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commission-
er Thomas;

Whereas on this 14th day of March 1930, there was paid to the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas the sum of One Thousand Thirty-five Dollars, raised by subscription
of the citizens of the said City of Las Vegas for Las Vegas City Library, pursuant to and
in conformity with the terms and conditions of the last will and testament of Edward Everett
Smith, also known as Edward E. Smith, and E.E. Smith, deceased, and in conformity with and
pursuant	to a decree	of Distribution made and entered in the District Court of the Tenth

 Judicial District of the State of Nevada, in and for the County of Clark on the 14th day

of August, 1929,

NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the terms of said will and said decree of distribution it
is hereby ordered that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, on behalf of the Board of

City Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, notify Mrs. Mabel M. Sandifer, of #4400 E.

57th St; Maywood, California, the Executrix of said last will and of said estate of the pay-
ment to this Board from said fund so raised by subscription, and requesting said Executrix
to pay to said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas the sum of One Thousand
Dollars ($1,000.00) in accordance with the terms of said will and Decree of Distribution:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Clerk, enclose with said notice and request a certi-
fied copy of this Resolution.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Smith, Thomas, and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Resol-
ution was duly adopted:

Whereas the late E.E. Smith provided in his last will that One Thousand Dollars should be
paid to the City of Las Vegas for public library purposes on the subscription and payment of a
like amount for the same purpose by the citizens of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, the conditions of said bequest have been fulfilled, and

Whereas, this Board desires to express its appreciation of the character of said E.E.
Smith, his devotion during his life time to the interests of the public, and his thoughtful be-
nevolence toward such a worthy cause as well as the generosity of the citizens in making
such donation effective,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, the Board of Commissioners hereby express on behalf of said
city heartfelt appreciation for the worthy life and character of said E.E. Smith, admiration
for his sterling character and devotion to the interests of the public, and (concluded) at end of minutes

Upon motion, duly made, seconded and carried, the following Preambles, and Resolution
were duly adopted:

Whereas on the 6th day of December, 1929, the City of Las Vegas, acting by and through
its Board of Commissioners entered into a written contract with R.E. Hazard Contracting Com-
pany, a California corporation, hereinafter called the Contractor, covering the grading for
and construction of hydraulic cement concrete curbs and gutters and rough grading for street
improvement work, and in and by said contract it was provided that the work embraced in said
contract should be begun seven (7) days after receiving notice from the City Engineer, and
carried on regularly and interruptedly thereafter ( unless the said Board of Commissioners
should otherwise, in writing, specially direct) with such force as to secure the completion
of the work contemplated by March 31, 1930 and providing that the time of beginning, rate
of progress and time of completion should be essential conditions of said contract, and

Whereas, a surety company bond in the sum of Twenty-six thousand thirty-five and 79/100
($26,035.79) dollars was on the 6th day of December, 1929, executed by said contractor as
principal and Pacific Indemnity Company as surety, guaranteeing the performance of said
contract and the satisfaction of all claims and demands incurred for labor performed and
materials furnished, etc, as more particularly appears from said bond, to which reference
is hereby had and made and

Whereas, special assessment proceedings have been in progress on and since the date
of said contract and bond to raise money by special assessment and sale of bonds, from
which sufficient moneys have not as yet been raised to warrant the City of Las Vegas in
directing work to be commenced under said contract without an extension of time for the pay-
ment of the first estimate s as provided insaid contract, and

Whereas, the said Contractor has indicated his willingness to grant and extension of
time for the making of the payment of said first estimate, and said City is willing to ex-
tend the time for the completion of said contract and to direct the City Engineer to give
notice to said contractor to begin work, such notice to be given as soon as the memorandum
of extension hereinafter provided for is executed by said City and Contractor and assented
to bu said surety company, and

Whereas, on the 6th day of December 1929, the City of Las Vegas entered into a written
contract with General Construction Corporation, a Nevada corporation, and R.A. Watson, herein-
after called the contractors, covering the construction of Durite Asphaltic Concrete (coarse
aggregate) Pavement, and in and by said contract it was provided that the work embraced in
said contract should be begun seven days after receiving notice from the City Engineer, and
carried on regularly and interruptedly thereafter, (unless the said Board of Commissioners
should otherwise, in writing specially direct) with such force as to secure the completion
of the work contemplated by April 30, 1930 and providing that the time of beginning, rate
of progress and time of completion should be essential conditions of said contract, and

Whereas, a surety company bond in the sum of Forty-one thousand ninety-nine and
99/100 dollars was on the 6th day of December, 1929, executed by said contractors as prin-
cipals and Southern Surety Company of New York, as surety, guaranteeing the performance
of said contract and the satisfaction of all claims and demands incurred for labor and
materials furnished etc; as more particularly appears from said bond, to which reference is
hereby had and made, and
Whereas special assessment proceedings have been in progress on and since the date of
said contract and bond to to raise money by special assessment and sale of bonds, from suffic-
ient moneys have not as yet been raised to warrant the City of Las Vegas in directing work to
be commenced under said contract without an extension of time for the payment of the first
estimate as provided in said contract, and

Whereas, the said contractors have indicated their willingness to grant an extension of
time for the making of the payment of said first estimate, and said City is willing to ex-
tend the time for the completion of said contract and to direct the City Engineer to give
notice to said contractors to begin work, such notice to be given as soon as the memorandum of
extension hereinafter provided for the execution by said City and Contractor and assented to
by said surety company, and

Whereas, it is contemplated hereby that, since the work on said curb and gutter contract
and pavement contract relate to the same district, the notice of the contractor, respect-
ively to begin work on their respective contracts shall be given at the same time and not un-
til all the memorandums of extension hereinafter provided are executed by said City and said
respective contracts and assented to by said respective surety company to their particular un-
dertakings,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to execute
on behalf of said City, the same to be attest by the City Clerk under the seal of the said
City, a written memorandum of agreement with said R.E. Hazard Contracting Company, whereby the
commencement of work under such contract with said last named corporation shall be authorized
by notice to be given to it by the City Engineer on or before Mach 31, 1930, and that said
contract shall be completed on or before June 30, 1930, provided that said contractor will agree
therein that said City of Las Vegas shall have and be given sixty days from the giving of such
notice commence work in which to make payment in full of said first estimate, and provided
further that such memorandum of agreement is assented to in writing by the surety company on
the bond of said R.E. Hazard Contracting Company through officer or officers of said surety
company having and presenting authority of such modification of said original contract,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to execute on 
behalf of said City. the same to be attested by the City Clerk under the seal of said City, a
written memorandum of agreement with said General Construction Corporation and R.A. Watson,
whereby the commencement of work under contract between said last mentioned parties shall be
authorized by notice to be given to said contractor by the City Engineer on or before April
30, 1930, and that said contract shall be completed on or before July 30, 1930, provided that
said contractor will agree therein that said City of Las Vegas shall have and be given six-
ty days from the date of the giving of such notice to commence work in which to make payment
in full of said first estimate, and provided further that such memorandum of agreement is
assented to in writing by the surety company on the bond of said General Construction Corporation
and R.A. Watson through officer or officers of said surety companyhaving and presenting author-
ity of such officer or officers of said surety company to assent to such modification of
said original contract,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that each of said memorandums of agreement shall provide that
it is essential to the giving effect of such memorandums shall be executed by the parties re-
quired to execute the same and both be assented to by the respective surety companies giving
the original surety bonds.

Said Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell,
Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

The forms of the "Memorandum of Agreement" were read to the Board.

"An Ordinance regulating that practice of civil engineering and surveying in the City
of Las Vegas, and providing for the examination, registration, and licensing of persons engaged
 in the same, creating and examination board, and providing for a violation thereof," was read
for a second time, and Passed by the following vote, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell
voting Aye. Noes none. Mayor Hesse not voting. Said Ordinance was to be in full force and effect
after its complete publication for a period of one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age,
a triweekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
"An Ordinance prescribing the location of houses of ill-fame, hurdy gurdy houses, bawdy houses
and any and all places to which persons resort for lewd or lascivious purposes, or for the
purposes of lewdness or prostitution, prescribing punishment for the violation of the ordin-
ance and other matters relating thereto," be laid over for a second reading.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners, Smith, Thomas, Hansell, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The gaming application of one C. R. Evan for the operation of two (2) tables accompanied
by a check for the sum of $150.00 was presented to the Hoard. The same not being approved
by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon the following vote the application was not granted.
Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting No. Ayes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 18th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

appreciation for his benevolence toward in the interests of education of the children and
members of this community,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Board hereby express the grateful thanks to the donors
to the fund to make the gift of E.E. Smith effective,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that it be and hereby expressed as the sense of this Board that
the funds derived from said bequest and donations be set aside for use in its entirety in est-
ablishing some distinctive department or activity of the City Library so that the generosity
of those who created said fund may perpetually reminded to the people of our City.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioner Smith, Thomas, Hansell, and His Honor
the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 18th day of March 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

There being no business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 18th day of March 1930 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
Clark County, Nevada.

March 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 18th day of March 1930 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, German, and Thomas, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of March 14th read and approved as read.

Mr. A.W. Ham appeared before the Board representing The Mann Company in regards to the
transferring of the contract had with the City of Las Vegas between R.E. Hazard Contracting
Co; for the construction of concrete curbs gutters and rough grading, to the Mann Company.

Mr. Mann also appeared before the Board.

Mr. Hall representing the R.S. Hazard Company of San Diego also appeared before the
Board, and stated that before transferring the contract had with the City of Las Vegas to
the Mann Company he would like to be given time to get in touch with Mr. Hazard.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
Street Commissioner Smith have Ordinance No. 91 of the City enforced. Said Ordinance is 
entitled: "An Ordinance Providing for the cleaning of lots within the limits of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation thereof
and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith, German, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to write to Mr. B.L. Adamson Chief Engineer of the L.A. & S.L R.R.
and inquire if he has had time to go over the sewer plans as submitted to the Board of
Commissioners by Koebig & Koebig Sanitary Engineers, if so to advise the Commission as to
the completeness of the plans and would same be acceptable to the Railroad Co; and are the
plans in shape to be accepted by the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 19th day of March at the hour of five thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 19th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

held on the 19th day of March 1930 at the hour of five thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Thomas together with the City Attorney

and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and Hansell.

Mr. A.W. Ham, representing the Mann Company, and the R.E. Hazard Company was present
and informed the Board that the companies he was representing were not ready to meet with
the Board.

Upon motion duly made seconded and carried it was moved that the meeting recess until
Thursday the 20th day of March 1930 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 20th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 20th day of March 1930 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Tomas, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of March 18th, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. and March 18th at
the hour of seven P.M. and March 19th at the hour of seven P.M. read and approved as read.

Mr. R.E. Hazard of the Hazard Contracting Company of San Diego was present and informed
the Board that Mr. Mann of the Mann Co. had been called out of the City. With Mr. Mann out of
the City the Board could not take up the matter of the transferring of the curb and gutter,
and rough grading contract from the R.E. Hazard Contracting Co; to the Mann Company.

The application of E.B. Keelen and C.E. Wyatt for permission to use the streets and
alleys and public places of the City of Las Vegas for laying gas mains was next brought before
the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Res-
olution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board that no permit for use of the streets,
alleys and public places in the City for gas mains and appliances and appurtenance be granted
to any applicant except on the terms that at the time of the acceptance of such permit a
surety company bond in the liquidated amount of $5,000.00 be furnished to the City guaranteeing
the fulfillment if the terms of the permit, and particularly that work be commenced within
such time as the Board may fix after the certificate of Public Convenience is obtained, and
that such certificate shall be obtained within such time as is provided in such permit, and
that work shall prosecuted with diligence thereafter.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 26th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 26th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board, of City Commissioners held on the 26th
day of March 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, German, and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of March 20th, 1930 read and approved as read.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
bond presented to the Board of Commissioners from the Las Vegas Union School District be ac-
cepted, and Clerk to file same.

Said bond is in accordance with Sec. 2, of Ordinance No. 37 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled, "An Ordinance regulating excavations in the streets, alleys, sidewalks, highways,
public squares, and places in the City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto."

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Smith and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

	Letter from C.E. Smith thanking the Board for the words of praise as to the life

and character of E.E. Smith was read to the Board. Clerk to place same on file.

A letter from the Board of Education was presented to the Board of Commissioners
asking that the dirt excavated at the time of grading for new street improvements be haul-
ed to the site of the new Las Vegas High School Athletic Field to aid in the filling in
of said field. Said letter was referred to Commissioner of Streets O.J. Smith.

A letter from the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company was next brought before
the Board. Said letter was in regards to the Sewer Plans prepared by Koebig and Koebig for
the City of Las Vegas. Clerk was directed to write to the Los Angeles, and Salt Lake Rail-
road Company that said letter had been received, and ask that at such a time as an engin-
eer had been assigned to go over said plans to kindly inform the Board as to their com-
pleteness.

E.B. Keelen, appeared before the Board in regards to a Permit to install maintain
and lay down gas mains in the City of Las Vegas. Application for said Permit having been

filed with the Board March 10th, 1930. Mr. Keelen informed the Board that the company he

was representing would comply with the terms of the Resolution adopted March 20th 1930.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Friday the 28th day of March 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
	CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 28th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of	City Commissioners of	the	City of Las

Vegas held on the 28th day	of March 1930 at the hour	of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Smith, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and German together with
the Deputy City Attorney Dan V. Noland and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse. and City Attorney Stevens.

The check of Mabel Mihoover Sandifer, Executrix of the Estate of Edward Everett
Smith, deceased, in favor of the Board of City Commissioners of this City for One Thous-
and Dollars ($1000.00) for Library Fund in accordance with the Last Will and Testament
of said Edward Everett Smith, Deceased, was presented to the Board.

On motion duly made seconded and carried it was,

RESOLVED, that said check be accepted and that the same be endorsed by the City

Clerk and deposited in the Library Fund of the City, to be used subject to the order of

this Board. Said Clerk to give receipt on behalf of this Board as may be required by said
Administratrix.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners German, Thomas, and
Hansell, and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until hour of seven P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 28TH, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 28th
day of March 1930 at the hour of seven P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Minutes of meeting of March 20th read and approved as read.

A form of notice bearing date of March 28, 1930, directed to R.E. Hazard Contracting
Company, executed by J.P. King, City Superintendent of Streets of Las Vegas, Nevada, acting
Engineer and/or City Engineer of said City, directing among other things said R.E. Hazard
Contracting Company to commence work under the provisions of the contract of date Dec. 6,

1929, made between said R.E. Hazard Contracting Company, as contractor, and said City of Las
Vegas as one of the contracting parties, covering the grading for and construction of Hydra-
ulic cement concrete curbs gutters and rough grading for street improvement work in said
City, such work to commence seven days after the receipt of said notice, and to complete said
work within ninety days from the date of the receipt of such notice and reciting that the
extension of time for completion of said contract was made by authority of the Board of Com-
missioners of said City, was presented to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, the the execution of said notice by said J.P. King as such City Superin-
tendent of Streets, acting Engineer and/or City Engineer as prescribed in said contract
above mentioned, be and the same is hereby authorized, approved and confirmed and said ex-
tension of time therein specified is hereby authorized, ratified, approved and confirmed by
this Board; and that said J.P. King, as such City Superintendent of streets is hereby auth-
orized to serve or cause to be served on said R.E. Hazard Contracting Company said notice,
to the same being executed in triplicate: such service to be made at as early a date as
reasonably possible; and that all the matters and things stated in said notice be and the
same are hereby authorized, ratified, approved and confirmed by this Board.

That a copy of said notice, being one of the triplicates thereof be set forth in
the minutes of this meeting, as follows;

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 28, 1930.

To-R.E. Hazard Contracting Company
#2548 Kettner Boulevard,

San Diego, Calif.

Gentlemen;

In accordance with the provisions of your contract of date December 6, 1929, made
with the City of Las Vegas, covering the grading for and construction of hydraulic cement
concrete curbs gutters and rough grading for street improvement work, you are hereby notified
to begin such work seven (7) days after receiving this notice, and carry on the same regul-
arly and uninterruptedly thereafter (unless the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las
Vegas shall otherwise, in writing, specially direct) with such force as to secure the com-
pletion of the work contemplated in said contract within ninety days from the date of the
receipt of this notice. Under the said original contract it was stipulated that said work
should be completed by March 31st 1930. The extension of time for the completion of said
contract, as herein specified, is made by authority of the Board of Commissioners of said City
of Las Vegas.

Please have your representative herein in Las Vegas as soon as possible in order that
we may be given instructions with regard to the streets upon which work is to be commenced
and what the general order of work shall be.

Executed in triplicate the 28th day of March, 1930.

J.P. King

City Superintendent of Streets of Las Vegas, Nevada,
acting Engineer and/or City Engineer of said City
as provided in said contract.

Receipt of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted
this_______day of March, 1930 .

R.E. Hazard Contracting Company.

By______________________

Its__________________ and

authorized agent.

and that such triplicate of said notice be filed with and by the Clerk of this Board,
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioner German, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 31st day of March at the hour of eight P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 3rd, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 3rd day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith, and German together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

All bills allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the
Clerk.

Monies received for the month of March as follows:

$1060.00 Fines.

2035.00	Donation to Library Fund.

864.95	Licenses, fees sale of cemetery lots.

3959.95	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$2,035.00 Library fund

84.00	Water, Sewer & Light Fund.

30.00	Cemetery Fund.

1,810.95	Police & Fire Fund.

3,959.95	Total

Money transferred: $500.00 from General Fund to Police and Fire Fund.

Upon motion duly made seconded and carried the following gaming licenses were granted,
same having been approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas, and money to cover said
licenses being paid to the Clerk at the time said applications were made.

Licenses granted as follows: Leo, Kind, Sanders & Hodges, J. R. Boyer, F. S. Le Roy, Gilmore
and Horden, A. De Vorin, and Wm. Jones each for two tables, and A. T. Mc Carter, and the
Boulder Club for three tables.

Motion introduced by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, vote on said
motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Nones None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the resignation of F. A. Thomason be accepted, and that R. H. Elser be appointed Plumbing
Inspector, to furnish a bond of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
if Plumbing Permit No. 101 was not found same to be cancelled.

Said permit was lost tract of during the change in the office of Plumbing Inspector.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the sum of $50.00 be paid Marjorie Goodwin from the Police and Fire Fund, as she had put
in considerable time in the Police Dept. during the month of March.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time the Board took up the matter of providing for a special City Election at
which should be submitted the question as to whether Mayor J. F. Hesse should be recalled
from such office, the City Clerk having issued a call for such election to be held on
Wednesday the 23rd day of April 1930.
There upon motion of Commissioner O.J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner R. W. Thomas
the following preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, pursuant to the order, judgment and Writ of Mandate of the District Court of
the Tenth Judicial District of the State of Nevada, in and for the County of Clark, State of
Nevada the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada did
on the 3rd day of April, 1930, issue a call for a special City lection to be held in said
City on the 23rd day of April, 1930, at which election should Be submitted the question as
to whether Mayor J. F. Hesse should be recalled from such office, and it appearing to this
Board that provision should at once be made by it for said election,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a special City Election be, and the same is hereby
ordered to be held in said City of Las Vegas on the 23rd day of April 1930 for the purpose
aforesaid, and at the places and in the manner hereinafter set forth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of an Act
of the State of Nevada, entitled "an Act to provide for the recall of public officers in
the State of Nevada," approved March 26, 1913, and Section 4 of an Act of the State of Nevada
entitled "An Act to amend an Act Entitled 'An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in
Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a
City government therefore, and other matters relating thereto,' approved March 16, 1911, by
amending section 2 of Chapter 1 and sections 2,3,4,5,6, 10 and 14 of Chapter 2 thereof, and
by adding a new section to be known as section 5½ to chapter 2 thereof, approved March 11,
1929, and in compliance with other laws relating to the subject of special elections in said
City of Las Vegas, said City of Las Vegas be, and it is hereby divided into five election
precincts as follows: to-wit:

Precinct No. 1, which shall extend from the center line of Ogden Street south to the
center line of Carson Street, and west from the center line of Fifth Street to the west
City Limits; Precinct No. 2, which shall extend south from the center line of Carson Street
to the center line of Clark Street, and west from the and west from the center line of
Fifth Street to the west City limits; Precinct No. 3 which shall extend south from the
center line of Clark Street to the south city limits, and west from the center line of
Fifth Street to the west city limits; Precinct No. 4, which shall extend East from the center
line of Fifth Street to the east city limits; Precinct No. 5, which shall extend North from
the center line of Ogden Street to the North City limits.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the polling places in said election precincts shall be and
they are established as follows: to-wit;

For Precinct No. 1, at the City Fire House, situate on lot 23 in Block 15 Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite.

For Precinct No. 2, at the building known as the Public library building situate in
Block 20 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

For Precinct No. 3, at the garage of Clark Forwarding Co; situate on the rear of lot
No. 26 in Block 7, of said Townsite.

For Precinct No. 4, at and in the rear room of the Latter Day Saints Church on the N.W.
corner of Sixth and Carson Streets in Hawkins Addition to Las Vegas.

For Precinct No. 5, at and in the store room opening on Stewart Street in the Gateway
Hotel Building at the corner of Main & Stewart Streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that inspectors and clerks of election for each of said elect-
ion precincts shall be as follows, to-wit:

PRECINCT No. 1. Voting Board:
Inspectors:

Clara Wadsworth
Alice M. Day
Mary Taylor

Clerks:

Leona May
Ruth B. Harvey

PRECINCT No. 2, Voting Board:
Inspectors:

Luetta Gill
Luella B. Hansell
Emma M. Schuyler

Clerks:

Minerva Hanford
Dorothy Roth

PRECINCT No. 3 Voting Board:
Inspectors:

Anna L. Pieffer
Sarah L. Furlong
Agnes Mott

Clerks:

Josie Thompson
Callie J. Paulus

PRECINCT No. 4, Voting Board,
Inspectors:

Emily Ball
Ruth Cahlan
Julia P. Mundy

Clerks:

Marie Ogle
Gladys Stinson

PRECINCT No. 1 Counting Board:
Inspectors:

Kate Santongue
Josephine Johnson
Racie Goodwin

Clerks:

Daisy Nungesser
Ethel M. Kent.

PRECINCT No. 2, Counting Board:
Inspectors:

Pearl Payne
Annie B. Dotson
Julia Cahlan

Clerks:

Lottie Mc Kenzie
Hilda Pine.

PRECINCT No. 3, Counting Board:
Inspectors:

Minnie Davison
Ruth Griffith
Mamie Croal

Clerks:

Olive Eglington
Leadith Fulton

PRECINCT No. 4, Counting Board,
Inspectors:

Ethel Roberts
Harriette Hemphill
Elizabeth M. Carmichael

Clerks:

Alice Ryerse
Rachel Barlow
PRECINCT No. 5, Voting Board:
Inspectors:

Eva W. King
Kate Martin
W. E. Reeder

Clerks:

Josephine Hinge
Anna Vought

PRECINCT No. 5, Counting Board:
Inspectors:

Holmes Warren
Elizabeth Bailey
Luella McEvoy

Clerks:

Mabel C. Ayers
Lillian A. Duff.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that on the ballot at said election there shall be printed verba-
tim, as set forth in the recall petition, the reason for demanding the recall of said officer,
and in not more than two hundred words, the officer's justification of his course in office,
if furnished by him.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that if there be no other candidate nominated to be voted for at
said election, there shall be printed on the ballot the name of the officer sought to be re-
called, the office which he now holds add the words "For Recall" and "against recall"; if there
be other candidates nominated for the office of Mayor, there shall be printed upon the ballot;
the name of the officer sought to be recalled, and the office which he now holds, and the
name or names of such other candidates as may be nominated to be voted for at said special elect-
ion, and the words "For Recall" and "Against Recall" shall be omitted: in other respects the
ballot shall conform with the requirements of the general election laws of the State of Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that other candidates for the office of Mayor may be nominated
to be voted for at said special election by petition, which said petition shall be signed by
the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas, equal in number to twenty-five per cent of
the number of votes cast for the justice of the supreme court in the City of Las Vegas at the
last preceding general election. Said nominating petition shall be filed with the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas at least fifteen days prior to date of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all persons who reside within the exterior boundaries of
the City of Las Vegas at the time of holding said special recall election, and are qualified
to vote at said election and whose names appear upon the official register of voters in and
for said City shall have the right to vote at said special recall election for all officers
to be voted for and said question to be submitted to the people at said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be and she is
hereby authorized and directed to notify the County Clerk of the County of Clark to perform
all duties required by him under Sec. 4 of said above mentioned Act, approved March 11, 1929.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be and she
hereby is, authorized and dirested to have official ballots prepared, including all supplies
required for absent voting, and to do and perform all such further acts, and give such notices
as may be necessary or required by the charter of the City or by the general election laws
of the State of Nevada, in order thar said election may be called and held as required by law,
and in order that the qualified voters of said City may have due notice of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be and she hereby
is authorized and directed to notify the persons above appointed as Inspectors and Clerks
of their said appointments

EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be and she is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be printed a list of the registered voters.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all provisions of the general election laws of the State
of Nevada, so far as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with the said City
Charter and laws relating to recall and special elections, shall be observed in conducting
said special recall election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor or Mayor Pro Tem of said City of Las Vegas be
and he is hereby authorized and directed to forthwith issue a proclamation giving notice of
the holding of said election, and such other matters as may be necessary to fully and fairly
apprize the qualified voters of said City of Las Vegas of the date, time, places of hold-
ing and purposes of said election, and such other matters as may be deemed proper in the
premises.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that one copy of such proclamation be posted forthwith
by or under the direction of the City Clerk of said City in each election precinct.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

An ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada to borrow Forty-nine Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-five and 12/100 Dollars (49,595.12)
to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commission-
ers of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements in
the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite
Process on certain streets and portions streets in said City, to-wit: On Main Street, First
Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville
Street and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said
bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds Series C," and provid-
ing for the collection of said unpaid assessments by dividing the same into ten (10) annual
installments on the Tax Roll of Clark County and collecting same in the same manner as State
and County taxes are collected by law," was read for the first time.

An ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, to borrow Thirty-four Thousand Eight Hundred Ninety-eight and 92/100 Dollars ($34,898.92)

to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curbs
and Gutters and Rough Grading for street improvement on certain streets and portions of streets
in said City, to-wit: On Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street
Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street, and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds

of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb
and Gutter Bonds, Series D," and providing for the collection of said unpaid assessments by
dividing the same into ten (10) annual installments and placing said installments on the Tax
Roll of Clark County and collecting same in the same manner as State and County Taxes are
collected by law," was read to the Board for a first time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the said two ordinances read for a first time this date be laid over for a second reading
at the next regular meeting. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith
Thomas, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 4th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 4th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 4th day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

A petition from residence of Westside was presented to the Board asking that a voting
precinct be placed on the Westside. Clerk was directed to write to the signers of said pet-
ition that the County Board of Commissioners designate the polling places, and this election
is being held before the County Board meets, therefore the election precincts are as used
in the last general election.

All communication read, and Clerk directed to answer same, and place on file.

At this time the question of the issuance of an additional One Thousand Dollars worth
of Las Vegas City Highway Bonds to meet the cost of the repair Fifth Street, and Main Street
as follows: Main Street from the corner of Main and Fremont Streets to the northeast city
limits and of Fifth Street from the corner of Fremont and Fifth Streets to the southwest city
limits, a distance of approximately three miles, which highway was heretofore construction
in connection with Federal Aid to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the
State of Nevada, came on for discussion, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners
that by an Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, for the year 1923, the City Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas have authority to issue bonds in the amount no to exceed
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000.00) for the construction, maintenance and repair of a highway
through the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System under an
Act of the legislature of the state of Nevada in convention assembled, entitled "An Act Auth-
orizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue
bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas, to con-
nect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of Nevada, and providing for the
ratification thereof by special or general election before the issuance of any such bonds,"
approved March 5, 1923, and

It further appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that Forty-niner Thous-
and Dollars ($49,000.00) worth of said authorized issue of bonds have been sold for the pur-
poses above mentioned, and it also appearing that the further sum of One Thousand Dollars
($1,000.00) is required for said additional work of and in connection with the maintenance
and repair of Main Street, commencing at the corner of Main and Fremont Streets, thence to the
northeast city limits, and of Fifth Street, commencing at the corner of Fifth, and Fremont
Streets, thence to the southwest city limits, a distance of approximately three miles; and it
further appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the amount of money now remaining
in the State Highway Fund of the City of Las Vegas is insufficient to meet the cost of the
maintenance and repair aforesaid,

NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by * Commissioner
Thomas and the question being put to a vote, the following Preambles, and Resolution were
regularly and duly adopted by the unanimous vote of the Board:

Whereas, pursuant to and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority
of the Constitution and Laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of Chapter 74
of the laws of the State of Nevada, 1923, being an act of the Senate and Assembly of the State
of Nevada, entitled "An Act authorizing the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the construction of a highway through

said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the State of

Nevada, providing for the ratification thereof by special or general election before the
issuance of any such bonds, " approved March 5, 1923, the City of Las Vegas was authorized

to issue its bonds in a sum not exceeding $50,000 for the purpose of constructing a highway

through the City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System of the
State of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to each of the requirements of said Act, and particularly with
the requirements of Secs. 2,3,4, and 5 of said Chapter 74 of the laws of 1923 of the State
of Nevada, the question of the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas, to the
amount of Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000) was submitted to the qualified electors of the
City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, at a general election held in
said City of Las Vegas on the 8th day of May, 1923 of which election notice having first
been duly given strictly as provided by law, and at which election more than a majority of
the votes cast were in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and the result of the vote upon
said question of the issuance of said bonds having been duly certified to this Board by the
election boards conducting said election, and the result of the vote on said question of the
issuance of said bonds having been by this board at a meeting duly and regularly held on the
16th day of May, 1923, declared in the manner and form and at the same time as other
returns of said general City election were canvasses and proclaimed: and
Whereas, it appears to this Board that the qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas
have authorized the issuance of highway bonds of the City of Las Vegas in the amount of
Fifty Thousand Dollars ($50,000); and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Boards that the issuance of not to exceed Fifty Thousand

Dollars $50,000) of said highway bonds have been authorized by said act of the legislature

of the State of Nevada, and such issuance ratified by the vote of the qualified electors of
the City of Las Vegas at a general election in said City, held as aforesaid, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deem it advisable for the
best interests of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time Las Vegas High-
way Bonds in the sum of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) of said authorized issue of Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($50,000) of said bonds and that the same be sold at private sale,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions
and authority of said above-mentioned Act, and the ratification there of at said general
City election as aforesaid, it be and it is hereby ordered that prior to the 1st day of May
1930, a bond of said City of Las Vegas 	in the amount of not to exceed One Thousand Dollars

($1,000), exclusive of interest, being a part of said issue authorized of Fifty Thousand

Dollars ($50,000) of Las Vegas Highway Bonds for the purpose of providing funds for the
construction of a highway through said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State
Highway System of the State of Nevada, be prepared and ready for issuance: that said bond as
so prepared shall be in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, numbered 50, and shall bear interest
at the rate of six per cent per annum from the date thereof, payable semi-annually on the first
July, and the 2nd day of January of each year, payable at the office of the City Treasurer
of said City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada; that
said bond shall be designated Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1930 Series) and shall be dated July
1, 1930, and that said bond shall be a negotiable coupon bond and shall mature and become
due and payable as follows:

Bond number 50, to become due and payable on the 1st day of July 1948.

The payment and redemption of said bond shall be in the order of its issuance.

Said bond shall have coupons attached representing each interest installment to the d
date of maturity of the principal. Both interest and principal of said bond shall be payable
in gold coin of the United State of America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at
the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of
Nevada. Interest on said bond shall cease as the same matures.

It is further resolved that said bond and coupons, with the necessary variations,
shall be substantially in the following form, to-wit:

( Form of Bond)

No. 50	UNITED STATES OF AMERICA	$1000.00

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS
1930 Series

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENT: That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation
duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to

be indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay the bearer on the_____________day of

___________, 19 __________, the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together with interest

thereon from date hereof until paid, at the rate of six percent (6%) per annum, payable semi-
annually on the first day of July and the 2nd day of January of each year, which interest
to the date of maturity of the principal is evidenced by and payable upon presentation and
surrender of the annexed interest coupons as they severally become due. Interest on this bond
shall cease on the date the bond becomes due and payable. Both principal and interest on this
bond are payable in gold coin of the United States of America, at present standard of weight
and fineness, at the office of the City Treasurer in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark
State of Nevada, and for the prompt payment of the principal and interest of said bond as
they respectively become due, the full faith, credit and resources of said City are hereby
irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series issued for the purpose of constructing a highway through
said City of Las Vegas to connect with Route 6 of the State Highway System, and pursuant
to an election duly called and held at which more than a majority of the qualified electors
voted in favor of the issuance of said bonds, and proceedings of the Board of City Commission-
ers duly passed and adopted, and is authorized by and issued in full conformity with the re-
quirements of the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including Chapter 74 of the
Session Laws of said State of Nevada for the year 1923, and all acts of the legislature
amendatory thereof and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that 11 acts, conditions and things required
by the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed
percent to and in the issuance of this bond have existed, happened and have been performed
in regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount of this
bond together with all other indebtedness of said City does not exceed any constitutional or
statutory limitations.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused this
bond to be signed by the Mayor of the City, countersigned by the City Treasurer and authen-
ticated by the signature of the City Clerk and the seal of said City, and the interest
coupons hereto annexed to be authenticated with the lithographed facsimile signatures of
said Mayor, and the City Treasurer, and this bond to be dated the 1st day of July, 1930.
(Form of Coupon)

No.__________ $30.00

On the 1st day of July (2nd day of Jan.), 19____________ the City of Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars in Gold Coin of the United
State of America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City Treas-
urer in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semi-annual interest then due on its High-
way Bond, dated July 1, 1930, Series 1930.

AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that the sale of said One Thousand Dollar ($1000) bond
shall be at private sale, as is provided in the above-mentioned and entitled act, it appearing
 to the Board that it is for the best interests of the City of Las Vegas that the sale of
said bond shall be at private sale, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to give
notice of said proposed sale of said One Thousand Dollar Bond to the First State Bank of Las
Vegas, Nevada, Inc; Bank of Southern Nevada, Inc; and to the State Board of Finance of the
State of Nevada, at Carson City, Nevada, and ascertain what they will offer for said bond
at private sale.

Said Resolution was passed by the following vote: Commissioners German, Thomas and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones None.

Thereafter it was ordered that the Clerk have the above bond printed.

Mr. Boyd of the Central Labor Union appeared before in regards to the hiring of
Union Card men on the street improvements now under construction.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that notice be given to General Construction Co. and R.A. Watson setting a time for the
commencing of the laying of street paving Durite Process.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Nones none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday the 7th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 7th day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that Paul D. Hosman be appointed Engineer for the City of Las Vegas for
for the engineering of the street improvements now under construction. That he
be paid the sum of $275.00 per month for the months of Nov. and Dec 1929 and Jan.
1930, and starting April first he be paid the sum of $300.00 per month. All engin-
eer to be done under the supervision of J. P. King, Supt. of City Streets. All bills
submitted to the Board for payment must be approved by Supt. King.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the General fund be reimbursed for the money advanced to meet the bills for the
preliminary work on the street improvements. Said bills also include printing and publishing.
Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner German, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thursday the 10th day of April, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 10th day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell.

Minutes of meetings of March 28th at the hours of three and seven P.M. and April 3,

4,	and 7 read and approved as read.

The Bond of R.H. Elser was presented to the Board for its acceptance. Same being
approved by the Mayor. Said bond being in the sum of One Thousand Dollars from the National
Surety Co. for R.H. Elser Plumbing Inspector.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the said bond be accepted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, and Smith and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and
connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, and creat-
ing an examination board, and providing a penalty for a violation thereof," was read to the
Board for a second time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners German, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

Said Ordinance was ordered published for a period of one week in the Las Vegas Age
a tri-weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.
Said Ordinance to be in full force and effect after its complete publication for one week
(three issues) of said newspaper.


Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
 the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas advertise for bond bidders for the unpaid assessment
 in Districts No. 1 and No. 2 of the said City for street improvements. Said advertisements to be printed for
four consecutive weeks, one issue per week, in the Las Vegas Age for one District, and the Las
Vegas Review-Journal for the other District

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The following Civil Engineers were appointed by the Board of City Commissioners to
form the Board of Examination as created by Civil Engineering Ordinance No. 156 of the City
of Las Vegas; J. T. Mc Williams, C.D. Baker, and Paul D. Hosman.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thursday the 17th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 17th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 17th day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Smith, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and German together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse.

The gaming application of Clarence Stocker was brought before the Board. Same being
approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas, and the sum of $150.00 accompanying the 
application for license for two tables.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the application be granted. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German
and Hansell, and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes none.

A petition was presented to the Board from the plumbers of the City of Las Vegas, asking
the Board to pass an ordinance requiring all persons engaged in the business of plumbing to
pass and examination, and creating a Board of Examination.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
City Attorney work in cooperation with the plumbers of said City in drafting an Ordinance
in accordance with petition presented to the Board.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, German, and Hansell, and Mayor
Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. C. D. Baker was present and informed the Board that the Board of Examination creat-
ed by the Civil Engineering Ordinance No. 155 of the City of Las Vegas had been organized.

J.	T. McWilliams was elected President and C. D. Baker Secretary of said Board.

At this time the bids for the purchasing the Highway Bond #50 of the City of Las Vegas
were opened. The First State Bank and the Bank of Southern Nevada being the two bids handed to
the Clerk. On opening the bids the bid of the Bank of Southern Nevada was considered the best
bid. Said Bid was as follows:
Par plus a premium of thirty dollars ($30.00).

Said bid being accompanied by a cashiers check in the amount of $51.50 being 5% of said Bid.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the bid
of the Bank of Southern Nevada be accepted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, and German, and Mayor Pro
tem Smith voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Resol-
ution was duly adopted:	 

Be It Resolved, that until the further order of this Board, it be and is hereby declared to
be the policy of this Board that the minimum wage scale be and the same is hereby fixed for all
employees of said City, or employees of contractors on City work on street construction sewer
construction and on construction of public buildings done under contract, for Five Dollars for
each eight hour day, except as otherwise fixed by statute or ordinance relating to the City of
Las Vegas:

Be It Further Resolved, that in future contracts let for any kind of the foregoing work done
under contract, it be provided in the specifications, general conditions of the contract on in
the contract in each instance that such scale shall be complied with by the Contractor.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German, and
Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of the granting of a Permit to E.B. Keelen and C.E. Wyatt to install lay down
and maintain gas mains in the City of Las Vegas was next brought before the Board. After a leng-
thy discussion and do decision could be reached it was decided to lay the matter over until

the full Board could be present, and that time set for April 18th, 1930 at the hour of eight

thirty o'clock P.M.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed

until Friday the 18th day of April 1930 at the hour of eight thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 18th day
of April at the hour of eight thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, City Clerk, and Attorney.

Absent Mayor Hesse, and Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Thomas appointed Chairman of the meeting.

There being no business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 21st day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on motion
of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German, and passed by the following vote:
Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German voting Aye. Noes none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, Clark
COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 21st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 21st day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Smith, Commissioners Hansell, and German together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse, and Commissioner Thomas.

There being no business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 25th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 25th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 25th day of
April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of April 10th, 17th, 18th, and 21st read and approved as read.

All correspondence read to the Board and Clerk directed to place sane on file.

A petition from the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and the Central Labor Union asking the
Board to appropriate $75.00 per month to pay part salary and expenses of a Deputy Labor Com-
missioner. The Boards took the matter under advisement.

J. T. Mc Williams, and C.D. Baker of the Board of Examination of Civil Engineers and
Surveyors appeared before the Boards asking that they be allowed to purchase stationary, and
supplies to the amount of $25.00, to be used in connection with the said Board.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
Board of Examination Civil Engineers and Surveyors be allowed to purchase supplies to the
amount of $25.00, and bills for same be filed with the Clerk.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Nones NONE.

A letter from J. T. Mc Williams asking that the fence be removed from across the Old
California Trial on the Westside of the City, was read to the Board.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 29th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
APRIL 29th, 1930. 

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County Nevada, held on the 29th day of April 1930,

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Thomas.

Minutes of the meeting held on the 25th day of April read and approved as read.

The Board then proceeded to make a canvas of the votes cast at the Recall Election

held on the 23rd day of April, 1930 to determine whether or not Mayor J. F. Hesse should be

recalled from office, the result of said canvas being as follows;

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith the following Re-
solution was introduced, and passed:

Where as a canvas of the votes cast at a Recall Election held in said City of Las Vegas
on the 23rd day of April 1930 to determine whether J. F. Hesse, Mayor should be recalled,
has been made on this 29th day of April 1930, where from it appears that 629 votes were cast
in favor of such recall, and that 768 votes were cast against such recall,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the result of said election was and is hereby declared
to be the defeat of such recall.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell voting Aye.

Mayor Hesse not voting. Noes none.

Application for gas Franchise by the Shafer Engineering Company, Inc; of Indianapolis,
Indiana for permit to use the street alleys and public places for the installation and 
maintenance of as gas system in the City of Las Vegas was next Brought before the Board.

The Clerk was directed to write said company, and in form themof the Resolution passed
in regards to the bond of $5,000.00 to be filed at the time of the granting of said permit.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 1st, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
1st day of May, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, (Commissioner German arriving late)
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Monies received for the month of April as follows:

$1,302.50 Municipal Court Fines.

4,438.00	Licenses and fees, sale of cemetery lots.

5,740.50	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$85.00 Cemetery Fund
$3,503.00  P and F Fund.

68.00	W.S. & L Fund.

2,084.50	General Fund.

5,740.50	Total.

Mayor Hesse, appointed Commissioner Hansell to approved the bills of the Finance Commission-
er during the absence of Commissioner German Finance Commissioner, and Commissioner Smith was
appointed to approve the bill of the Police and Fire Commissioner owning to the absence of
Commissioner Thomas, Police and Fire Commissioner.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, to borrow Forty-nine Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-five, and 12/100 Dollars ($49,595.12)
to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements in the
City of Las Vegas, by grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Pro-
cess on certain streets, and portions of streets in said City. to-wit: On Main Street, First
Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street
and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds
to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series, C," and providing for
the collection of said unpaid assessments by dividing the same into ten (10) annual installments
and placing said installments on the Tax Roll of Clark County and collecting same in the same
manner as State and County taxes are collected by law," was read to the Board for the second
time and passed by the following Vote, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none. Same was ordered published for one week in the Las Vegas
Age a tri-weekly newspaper printed in the City of Las Vegas.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, to borrow Thirty-four Thousand Eight Hundred ninety-eight and 92/100 Dollars
($54,898.92) to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making
improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing Hydraulic Cement Con-
crete Curb and Gutter and Rough grading for Street Improvements on certain streets, and portions
of streets in said city, to-wit: On Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street,

Fourth Street, Lewis street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street, and Garces Street, to issue and
sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be know as, "Las Vegas Special
1930 Curb and Gutter Bonds, Series, D," and providing for the collection of said unpaid assess-
ments and placing said installments on the Tax Roll of Clark County and collecting same in the
same manner as State and County taxes are collected by law," was read to the Board for a second
time, and passed by the following vote, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and German, and His Honor
the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none. Same was ordered published in the Las Vegas Even-
ing Review-Journal for a period of one week, six issues. A daily newspaper printed, and publish
ed in the City of Las Vegas.

An Ordinance regulating the doing of plumbing work and providing for the examination of
persons engaged in the same, and creating an examining hoard, providing a penalty for the violat-
ion thereof, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, was
read to the Board for a first time, and laid over for a second reading.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 2nd day of May 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 2nd, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 2nd day of May 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and German, together with the City Attorney,
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith, and Hansell.
Leonard Blood of the Veterans of foreign Wars appeared before the Board asking them

to appropriate the sum of $75.00 per month for the next six months to help defray the expenses
of maintaining a Deputy Labor Commissioner in the City of Las Vegas. This sum would have to be
taken from the Publicity Fund , and as that fund is almost depleted at the present time the
Board decided to let the matter lay over until the money was proportioned from the taxes that
will be paid in the month of May.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 9th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL CALLED MEETING.

May 3rd, 1930.

CALL

To- Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to be held at the Board room of said Board On Saturday the 3rd day of May, 1930 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business of said City:

1.	To act on bill of R.E. Hazard Contracting Company for $27,816.01 and assignment of
compensation by it to California Group Corporation of date March 29, 1930 under rough grading
curb and gutter contract of December 6, 1929.

Said meeting to be held at the Board Room in the County Court House.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

Dated this 3rd day of May, 1930.

J.F. Hesse 

Mayor.

NOTICE.

To- J.F. Hesse, Mayor, O.J. Smith, W.C. German, R.W. Thomas and L.B. Hansell, Commissioners:

You and each of you will please take notice that, pursuant to a call this day issued by
J.F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a special meeting of the Board of Commission-
ers of said City will be held at the Board Room of said Board at the County Court House in
said City on Saturday the 3rd day of May, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider
and act upon the following business of said City:

1. To act on bill of R.E. Hazard Contracting Company for $27,816.01 and assignment of com-
pensation by it to California Group Corporation of date March 29, 1930 under rough grading
curb and gutter contract of December 6, 1929.

Dated May 3rd, 1930.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

Acceptance of Service.

We hereby accept service of the foregoing notice, and we represent that L.B. Hansell is
absent from said City on this date.

J.F. Hesse	W.C. German

Mayor.	Commissioner

R.W. Thomas

Commissioner.

Present at the meeting was Mayor J.F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and German together with the
City attorney, and Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

Whereas R.E. Hazard Contracting Company has presented and filed with this Board an assign-
ment to California Groupe Corporation of compensation to become due under its agreement with
the City of Las Vegas, of date December 6, 1929,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized and directed
to consent to said assignment in writing in the following form,

The above and foregoing assignment of compensation is hereby consented to, subject to the
right of said City to withhold and deduct such sums as it is provided in the documents forming
the contract that said City may withhold and/or deduct, and subject to the prior rights and
equities of the surety company on the bond of the Contractor hereunder, City of Las Vegas
acting through its Board of Commissioners under Resolution adopted May 3, 1930.

By J.F. Hesse

Its Mayor.

Be It Further Resolved, that the first check payable to R.E. Hazard Contracting Company, be
made out in the name of said R.E. Hazard Contracting Co; and forwarded to said California Group
Corporation and that upon the endorsement of said check by R.E. Hazard Contracting Company to said
California Group Corporation the same shall be considered an acceptance of the conditional
consent to said assignment hereby authorized,

Be It Further Resolved, that the City Clerk transmit with such check a certified copy
of this Resolution.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners German, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board next considered the bill of R.E. Hazard Contracting Co; of date May 1st,1930
in the sum of $27,816.01 accompanied by estimate of Paul Hosman, Engineer for the City
of date May 1, 1930, and upon motion duly made and seconded the following Resolution was
accepted:

Resolved that the bill of May 1, 1930 of R.E. Hazard Contracting Company be and the same
is hereby allowed and a warrant is hereby directed to be drawn to said R.E. Hazard Contract-
ing Company in payment of the same and that the check issued pursuant to said warrant be
transmitted by the City Clerk in accordance with the last preceding Resolution adopted at
this meeting.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
then adjourned. Board to meet in a recessed regular session Friday the 9th day of May
1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 9th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting held on the 9th day of May, 1930, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of April 29th, May 1st, May 2nd, and May 3rd read and corrected.

The Clerk was directed to mail a check for Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) to John
R. Davies, of Los Angeles, payment on ornamental street light system installed in the City
of Las Vegas.

Letter from E.B. Keelen, with drawing his application for a gas permit from the
City was read to the Board. Clerk directed to answer same, and inform Mr. Keelen that he
is permitted to withdraw this application.

Letter from B.V. Smith protesting against the curb and gutter improvement in front
of his home at 618 South Second Street, and also protesting against the assessment. Letter
was referred to Paul D. Hosman, Engineer for the City with instructions to look into the matter.

A letter from John A. Shafer, in regards to an application, for the installing of a
gas plant and mains in the City of Las Vegas was next brought before the Board. The Clerk was
instructed to write and inform him of the Resolution passes inregards to the presenting of a
bond of $5,000.00 at the time the permit should be granted.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 14th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M. At this time
the bids, from bond buyers would be opened.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 14th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 14th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith, Thomas, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.	Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time the bids for the bonds on the unpaid assessments on street improve-
ments in the City of Las Vegas were opened.

After due consideration, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner
German it was moved that the bid of Snow, Goodart and Company, of Salt Lake City be accepted.
That the Mayor and City Clerk accept the bid in the following form:

For $49,595.10 Las Vegas Paving Improvement Bonds and $34,898.10 Las Vegas Curb and
Gutter Bonds, both issued in accordance with your official Notices of Sale, we make the
following offer:

For bonds bearing 7% interest we will pay par and accrued interest.
It is understood that the bonds are to be delivered to us in Salt Lake City free of
exchange and collection charges.

Your agree to take such steps and pass such resolutions as our attorneys may require to
the end that said bonds may be legally issued in their opinion and delivered to us without
undue or unnecessary delay.

The attached Cashier's Check for $4,300.00, is to be held uncashed by you as evidence
of our good-faith and applied on the purchase price of the bonds when they are delivered to us.

In case, our bid is not accepted, this check is to be returned to our representative immediately.

Respectfully submitted,

Snow, Goodart, and Company.

The above offer is hereby accepted for and on behalf of Las Vegas.

In Witness whereof, Witness our hands and the seal of said City, this 14th day of May,
A.D. 1930.

J.F. Hesse

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

City Seal.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
Recessed until Thursday the 15th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 15th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 15th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hess, Commissioners German, and Smith, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas.

Minutes of meeting of May 9th, 1930, read and approved as read.



At this time the Board took up the matter of the widening of Fremont St. as per petition
filed with the Board some time ago. After due consideration Commissioner Smith was directed
to have plans, and estimates of cost prepared at an early date.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 21st day of May, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 21st, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las 
Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court
House in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on the 21st day of May, 1930 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, The City Clerk and City
Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

The City Attorney presented to the Board a form of bond authorized by the terms of Ordinance
No. 157 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow Forty Nine Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-
five and 12/100 Dollars ($49,595.12) to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and 
confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las egas for the purpose of paying for the
work of making improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and construction of Asphaltic
Concrete Pavements Durite Process on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, to-wit:

On Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark
Street, Bonneville Street, and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas,
therefor, said bonds to be knows as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series C",
and providing for the collection of said unpaid assessments by diving the same into ten (10)
annual instalments and placing said installments on the Tax Poll of Clark County and collecting
same in the same manner as State and County taxes are collected by law," The City attorney stated
that the transcript of the proceedings relative to said bond issue had been prepared and was
about to be sent to the purchaser of said bonds, Snow Goodart & Company of Salt Lake City, Utah,
for submission to their attorneys in accordance with the bid and contract therefor, and ask that
the Board consider and adopt the form of bond presented by him to the Board, in the following
form, to-wit-:

(Form of Bond)

No.____		$1,000.00

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
State of Nevada
City of Las Vegas

County of Clark.

Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series C
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

That the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation, existing under and by virtue of the
Laws of the State of Nevada, for value received, acknowledges itself indebted to, and hereby
binds itself and promises to pay to the bearer One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) in gold coin
of the United States of America, at the office of the City Treasurer of said City, in the City

of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on the ______day of_______________, 19____, with interest thereon

from date hereof at the rate of seven per cent (7%) per annum until paid; said interest payable
annually on the first day of January of each year here after during the term of this bond,
upon the presentation and surrender of the proper coupons as they severally become due and payable
both principal and interest payable in gold coin of the United States of America, at the office
of the City Treasurer, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

This bond is one of a series of fifty bonds as follows: Forty (40) Bonds in the denom-
ination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each ,payable in ten (10) annual installments of four
bonds each, commencing on the 1st day of January A.D., 1931, and ten bonds of the denomination
of Nine Hundred Fifty-Nine and 51/100 Dollars ($959.51) payable in ten (10) annual installments
commencing on the 1st day of January A.D., 1931.

Four (4) bonds in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, together
with the interest thereon, to be paid on the 1st day of January, A.D., 1931 and four (4) bonds
of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each together with the interest there-
on to be paid on the 1st day of January of each year thereafter, and one (1) bond of the denom-
ination of Nine Hundred Fifty-nine and 51/100 Dollars ($959.51), together with the interest there-
on , to be paid on the first day of January, A.D. 1931, and one (1) of the denomination of Nine
Hundred Fifty-nine and 51/100 Dollars ($959.51), together with the interest thereon, to be paid
on the 1st day of January each year thereafter, and continuing until all of said bonds, together
with the interest thereon are fully paid: authorized by virtue of the provisions of the
authority contained in that certain Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, entitled,

"An Act to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of mun-
icipal improvements for which special assessments are levied," approved March 13, 1909, as amend-
ed by an Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada, entitled, "An Act to amend Sections
one and two of an Act entitled, 'An Act to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose
of paying the cost of municipal improvements for which special assessments are levied,' approved
March 13, 1909 and other matters relating thereto," approved March 13, 1913, an of City Ordin-
ance No. 149 of the City of Las Vegas, approve December 5, 1929 and City Ordinance No. 151 of
the City of Las Vegas, approved January 2, 1930, and City Ordinance No. 157, approved May 1,

1930, and of the proceedings of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, State
of Nevada, had and taken under and by virtue of the provisions of the said Acts of the Legis-
lature of the State of Nevada, and of the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and said Ordinances.

It is hereby certified that all of the acts, things an conditions required to be done
precedent to and in the issuance of this bond have been done, happened and performed as re-
quired by law, and in the event that the Fund created by special assessment as in said Ordinances
Nos. 149, 151, and 157 of the City of Las Vegas contained, shall be insufficient to pay this
bond in full, as the same becomes due, together with the interest thereon, the deficiency shall
be paid by the City of Las Vegas out of its General Fund, and the City of Las Vegas thus binds
itself.

This bond shall be know as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bond, Series C",
and shall be exempt from taxation by the City of Las Vegas.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, has by proper Resolution of its Board of City
Commissioners caused its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and this bond to be signed by its
Mayor and the City Clerk and countersigned by its City Assessor and the coupons hereunto attached
to be authenticated by the signature of the City Assessor, in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, this 1st day of January, A.D., 1930.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

By____________________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.



By__________________________

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Countersigned:

By_________________________

City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas.

(Form of Coupon)

Coupon No.___________ $70.00

The City of Las Vegas will pay to bearer at the office of the City Treasurer of the City

of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the _________day: of January 19_______, Seventy and nO/lOO Dollars ($70.00)

gold coin of the United States of America, interest due for one year on Las Vegas Special 1930
Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series C."

F.C. Devinney
City Assessor.

Bond No.____________
Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hansell	seconded by Commissioner

German the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that the form of bond as presented to this meeting by the City Attorney and
as hereinabove set out in these minutes be and the same is hereby adopted and approved,
including the form of coupon, and that the form of the bonds in said series in the prin-
cipal sum of Nine Hundred Fifty-nine and 51/100 Dollars each and the coupons thereon
be the same as said bonds for $1000 each, except as to the necessary variations of amounts
of the principal sums thereof and the amounts of interest, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said coupons on each and all of said bonds shall be
countersigned with the facsimile signature of F.C. Devinney, City Assessor of the City of
Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

The City Attorney thereupon next presented to the Board a form of bond authorized by
the terms of Ordinance NO. 158 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance author-
izing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to bor-
row Thirty four thousand Eight Hundred Ninety-eight and 92/100 Dollars ($34,898.92) to
cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making
improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing Hydraulic Cement
Concrete Curb and Gutter and Rough Grading for Street Improvement on certain streets,
and portions of streets in said City, to-wit: On Main Street, First Street, Second Street,
Third Street, Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street, and Garces
Street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be
known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Bonds, Series D," and providing for the
collection of said unpaid assessments by dividing the same into ten (10) annual install-
ments and placing said installments on the Tax Roll of Clark County and collecting same
in the same manner as State and County taxes are collected by law." The City Attorney
stated that the transcript of the proceedings relative to said bond issue had been pre-
pared and was about to be sent to the purchaser of said bonds, Snow Goodart & Company
of Salt Lake City, Utah, for submission to their attorneys in accordance with its bid and
contract therefor, and asked that the Board consider and adopt the form of bond presented
by him to the Board, in the following form, to-wit:

(Form of Bond)

No.___________ $1000.00

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
State of Nevada
City of Las Vegas
County of Clark.

Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Bonds, Series D.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:

That the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation, existing under and by virtue
of the laws of the State of Nevada, for value received, acknowledge itself indebted to,
and hereby binds itself and promises to pay to the bearer One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)
in gold coin of the United States of America, at the office of the City Treasurer of said

City, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on the __________day of

19______., with interest thereon from date hereof at the rate of seven per cent (7%) per

annum until paid: said interest payable annually on the first day of January of each year
hereafter, during the term of this bond, upon the presentation and surrender of the proper
coupons as they severally become due and payable, both principal and interest payable in
gold coin of the United States of America, at the office of the City Treasurer, in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

This bond is one of a series of Forty bonds as follows: Thirty (30) bonds in the de-
nomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, payable in ten (10) annual installments
of three bonds each, commencing on the 1st day of January A.D., 1931. and ten bonds of the
denomination of Four Hundred Eight-nine and 89/100 Dollars ($489.89) payable in ten (10)
annual installments, commencing on the 1st day of January, A.D., 1931.

Three (3) bonds in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, to-
gether with the interest thereon, to paid on the 1st day of January, A.D., 1951 and three
(5) bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, together with the
interest thereon to be paid on the 1st day of January of each year thereafter and one (1)
bond of the denomination of Four Hundred Eight-nine and 89/100 Dollars ($489.89), together
with the interest thereon, to be paid on the first day of January A.D., 1951 and one (1)
of the denomination of Four Hundred Eight-nine and 89/100 Dollars ($489.89), together with
the interest thereon, to be paid on the 1st day of January of each year thereafter, and con-
tinuing until all of said bonds, together with the interest thereon are fully paid; authorized 

by virtue of the provisions of the authority contained in that certain Act of the Leg-
islature of the State of Nevada, entitled "An Act to authorize municipalities to issue
bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of municipal improvements for which special assess-
ments are levied," approved March 13, 1909, as amended by an Act of the Legislature of the
State of Nevada, entitled, "An act to amend sections one and two of an Act entitled, 'An
Act to authorize municipalities to issue bonds for the purpose of paying the cost of mun-
icipal improvements for which special assessments are levied,' approved March 13, 1913, and
of City Ordinance No. 150, of the City of Las Vegas, approved December 5, 1929, and City
Ordinance No. 152 of the City of Las Vegas, approved January 2, 1950, and City Ordinance
No. 158 of the City of Las Vegas, approved day 1st, 1930, and of the proceedings of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, had and taken under
and by virtue of the provisions of the said Acts of the Legislature of the State of Nevada,
and of the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and said Ordinances.

It is hereby certified that all of the acts., and things and conditions re-
quired to be done precedent to and in the issuance of this bond have been done, happened and
performed as required by law, and in the event that the Fund created by special assessment
as in said Ordinances Nos. 150, 152, and 158, of the City of Las Vegas contained, shall be
insufficient to pay this bond in full, as the same becomes due, together with the interest
thereon, the deficiency shall be paid by the City of Las Vegas out of its General Fund,
and the City of Las Vegas thus binds itself.
This bond shall be known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 curb and Gutter Bond, Series D,"
and shall be exempt from taxation by the City of Las Vegas.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, has by proper Resolution of its Board of
City Commissioners caused its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and this bond to be
signed by its Mayor and the City Clerk and countersigned by its City Assessor and the cou-
pons hereunto attached to be authenticated by the signature of the City Assessor, in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, this 1st day of January, A.D., 1930.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

By________________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

By______________________________

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Countersigned:

By___________________

City Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas.

( Form of Coupon)

Coupon No.________ $70.00

The City of Las Vegas will pay to bearer at the office of the City Treasurer of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the ___________day of January, 19___________ Seventy and no/100

Dollars ($70.00) gold coin of the United States of America, interest due for one year on
Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Bonds, Series D.

F.C. Devinney
City Assessor.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hansell	seconded by Commissioner

German	, the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that the form of bond under the issue known as Las Vegas Special 1930
Curb and Gutter Bonds, Series D, as presented to this meeting by the City Attorney and as
hereinabove set out in these minutes be and the same is hereby adopted and approved,
including the form of coupon, and that the form of the bonds in said series in the principal
sum of $489.89 each and coupons thereon be the same as said bonds for $1000 each,
except as to the necessary variations of amounts of the principal sums thereof and the
amounts of interest, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said coupons on each and all of said bonds shall
be countersigned with the facsimile signature of F.C. Devinney, City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell
His Honor the Mayor Hesse

voting aye. Noes none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner

German the following Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized to have said bonds
of both issues printed through Snow Goodart & Company

who has quoted as aggregate price of $125.00 for the printing of

both issues.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell
German and His Honor the Mayor Hesse

voting aye. Noes none

Minutes of meetings of May 14th, 15th read and approved as read.

Commissioner Smith reported that the plans and specification for the widening of Fremont
street had not been completed, but would probably be ready by the regular meeting in June.

Upon motion of Commissioners German, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the name of Mrs. Albert James be stricken from the assessment rolls as said assessments had been
paid. Amount of assessments to be stricken from the assessment rolls as follows: Concrete Curb
and gutter assessment $73.90, Durite paving assessment $104.40, total $178.30.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, and His and Mayor Hesse
voting aye. Nones none.

A letter from the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce was next Brought before the
Board. This letter contained the report of the Special Sewer Committee appointed by the Chamber
of Commerce, and subjested that the contract for sew construction in the City of Las Vegas held
by the City with Koebig and Koebig, be abrogated. After. due consideration the following Com-
mittee was appointed to look into the matter: A.W.Ham, S.A.Whitehead, O.K.Adcock, W.E.Ferron,
and L.B. Hansell.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to write Koebig and Koebig, and enclose a copy of the letter from the
Chamber of Commerce, that the Clerk notify the Chamber of Commerce of the appointment of the
Committee of the following, A.W.Ham, A.Whitehead, O.K.Adcock, W.E.Ferron, and L.B. Hansell,
and notify each , and every member of said committee of their appointment. That the said com-
mittee decide on a date when they wished a representative of the firm of Koebig and Koebig to
meet with them, and decide definitely on the action to be taken.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

There being no further business before the meeting on motion duly made seconded and
carried the meeting was recessed until Thursday the 29th day of May, 1930, at the hour of
three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

COUNTY OF CLARK, NEVADA.

MAY 29th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 29th day of May, 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, German, and Thomas, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of May 21st read, and approved as read.

A letter from Koebig and Koebig asking if it would be convenient for the Committee
appointed by the Board of Commissioners in regards to the contract held between the City of
Las Vegas, and Koebig and Koebig to meet with Mr. A.H. Koebig Jr. on Thursday the 5th day of
June was presented to the Board, and referred to Commissioner Hansell as a member of said
Committee appointed by the Board.

Application of one Neal Campbell was presented to the Board and same was redered
to Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas.

A letter from John A. Shafer in regards to the application for a gas permit pre-
sented to the Board a short time ago was next ready The Clerk was directed to acknowledge
receipt of same, and inform Mr. Shafer that the Board was awaiting his personal appearance
before the Board before taking any action on same.

A letter from the John R. Davies Co. asking for the final payment of One Hundred
Ninety Dollars ($190.00) on the Ornamental Street Light System installed on Main, Fifth
and Fremont Streets. After due consideration the Clerk was directed to transfer $160.00
from the General Fund to the Special Ornamental Street light Fund, and draw a warrant for
One Hundred Ninety Dollars, and forward same to John Davies as final payment on ornamental
street light system

On motion of Mayor Hesse, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the office of City Electrical Inspector be and the same is hereby
declared vacant, and that L.H. Rockwell, the former City Electrical Inspector, be and he is
hereby required to account to this Board for any moneys in his hands belonging to the City
of Las Vegas arising out of his administration of such office of City Electrical Inspector
and that he forthwith deliver to the City Clerk all books, papers, documents and records in
hi custody or under his control as such former City Electrical Inspector.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy	of	the adoption of this Resolution, with the

notice of the adoption thereof be transmitted by the City Clerk to said L.H. Rockwell.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Commissioner German voting NO.

The names of LLoyd S. Payne, and James Squires were brought before the Board for
appointment of Electrical Inspector. After due consideration a paper ballot was cast, and
the count showed that Lloyd S. Payne received five (5) votes. James Squires None.

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was
moved that Lloyd S. Payne be appointed Electrical Inspector, to hold office at the pleasure of

the Board, and receive compensation as set for in the Electrical Ordinance No. 137, of the

City of Las Vegas, passed and adopted at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commission-
ers held on the 11th day of June 1929.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and
Thomas, and His Honor Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Tuesday the 3rd day of June 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 5th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the 5th day of June 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Commissioner Hansell Arriving late.

Minutes of meeting of May 29th, 1930 read and approved as read.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Mayor Hesse appointed Commissioner Thomas to approve the bills of the Water, Sewer,
and Light Dept. during the absence of Commissioner Hansell, Commissioner of that Dept.

Monies received for the month of May as follows:

$1,456.50 Municipal Court Fines.

548.75	City Licenses, fees, and sale of Cemetery Lots.

2,005.25	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$25.00	Cemetery Fund.

39.50	W.S. & L. Fund.

440.75	General Fund.

1,500.00	POLICE & FIRE	Fund.

$ 2,005.25	Total.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Ordinance was read to the Board for a first time, and laid over for a second reading: "An
Ordinance to fix, impose and collect a license tax on hawkers and peddlers in the City of
Las Vegas: to provide for the issuance of permits for conducting said business; to define
the duties of certain officers in connection therewith; to fix a penalty for the violation
thereof: to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith and other
matters relating thereto." Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith,
and Thomas, and His Honor Mayor hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

Mr, W.P. Bullock, of the Ulen Company appeared before the Board and presented a
form of application for a permit to install, lay down and maintain a gas plant and system
in the City of Las Vegas. At this time no action was taken in regards to said permit.

B.V. Smith appeared before the Board and protested against the street improvements
in front of his home at 618 South Second. He was informed that the work had not been accepted
and that the Engineer in charge for the City would make a thorough inspection of the work,
and any defects that were found at that time would be taken care of.

Mr. Hickey next appeared before the Board representing the Fit-it Shop in regards
to a filed presented by said Fix-it Shop against the City of Las Vegas. Attorney Stevens
informed the Board at this time that it was not a proper bill against the City.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly passed:

Resolved that L.B. Hansell, Water, Sewer, and Light Commissioner of the City of
Las Vegas, be instructed to investigate the the sewer systems of the Cities of Sparks, and
Reno, Nevada, and that the expense of the trip for the investigation be paid by the City
of Las Vegas. That Commissioner Hansell keep an itemized account, and present same to the
Board upon his return. That the expense of the trip to be born by the City of Las Vegas
should not exceed the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Smith, and
Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. A.H. Koebig Jr. of the firm of Koebig and Koebig appeared before the Board
in regards to the bill for $1000.00 presented by him to the City of Las Vegas. This $1000.00
was due as per contract between the City of Las Vegas and the firm of Koebig and Koebig,
Sanitary Engineers,

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that a warrant be drawn for the sum of One Thousand Dollars as of
cash payments on contract between the City of Las Vegas, and Koebig and Koebig, and same shall
not be construed as an acceptance of the plans and specification called for in contract .

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell,
and Thomas, and Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the board at this time the meeting
recessed until Friday the the 6th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 6th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 6th day of June 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

"An Ordinance regulating the doing of plumbing work and providing for the ex-
amination oof persons engaged in the same, and creating an examining board, providing a
penalty for the violation thereof, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in
conflict therewith," was read to the Board for a second time, and the Clerk was directed
to have same published for a period of one week in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance was passed by the following
vote: Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting
Aye. Nones none.

A letter from the Organized Labor Unions asking the Board of Commissioners to
adopt an ordinance setting $5.00.per day as the minimum wage sale on all Public Works.

City Attorney Stevens was instructed to write up such an ordinance, if possible,
and to write to San Bernardino for a copy of their ordinance covering same.

A petition signed by about six hundred residents of the City asking that the
present garbage ordinance be changed so that other persons than those holding the contract
with the City might haul dry garbage. This matter was laid over for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Saturday the 7th day of June at the hour of four thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of June 1930 at the hour of four thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, and German, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas, and Hansell.

At this time the Board took up the matter of the paying of the first estimate of
the General Construction Co. and Watson. The present estimate is $44,516.78.

After due consideration the following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Smith
and seconded by Commissioner German:

Be it Resolved that the sum of $20,000.00 be paid to the General Construction Co.
and R.A.Watson from the Special 1950 Paving Fund.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 10th day of June, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 10th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, commissioners Smith, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meetings of June 5th, 6th and 7th read and approved as read.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to approved the bill of R.E.

Lake Jr. for the plastering of the Library Bldg; owning to the absence of Finance Com-
missioner German. Bill was to be allowed out of the Street Fund for the sum of $225.00.

A letter from Mr. A.W.Ham, Chair man of the a committee appointed by the Board
to investigate the matter of a new sewer system for the City of Las Vegas, and the contract
between the City of Las Vegas and Koebig & Koebig was read to the Board.
Clerk was directed to acknowledge receipt of same.

Bids on the decorating of the library were next brought before the Board.

Three bids in all were received, as follows:

J.L.Smith	$162.50

W.L. Aplin	79.00

W.L. Schuyler	146.00

These bigs were laid over for further consideration.

The Board next took up the matter of the widening of Fremont Street. After due consider-
ation the following Resolution was duly passed.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that a notice of proposed improvement in widening portions of Fremont
Street by grading for street improvements and constructing of hydraulic cement concrete
curbs and gutters and laying of Durite Pavement and performance of other work incidental
thereto on the northerly and southerly sides of Fremont Street from Main Street to Fifth
Street as per plans, diagrams, and estimates on file in the office of the City Clerk, be
published two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, and a copy be posted in
three public places in the one ward in said City, and a copy be posted in or near the
United States Post Office in said City, and a copy be posted in three public places near
the site of said proposed work. Such notice setting time for Board to meet and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties interested to the proposed
improvements on Monday the 30th day of June, 1930, at three o'clock P.M. at the Board
Room of said Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business appearing before the Board at this time the
meeting recessed until Monday the 16th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 16th, 1930.

Present J. F. Hesse, Mayor, Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell, and Thomas,
also City Attorney Stevens.

On absence of City Clerk the City Attorney was requested to record the minutes
of this meeting in the memo book.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that the sum of $1,500.00 out of funds in the Library Fund be placed
on time deposit on interest in the First State Bank, and that a warrant be drawn for
such purpose and the Treasurer consummate the transaction.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas,
and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion duly made seconded and carried meeting recessed until Thursday the
19th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 19th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of June 19th, 1930 at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, Mayor Hesse, City Attorney

Stevens.

Absent Commissioner Hansell, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Bill of Fred Callahan allowed for $55.00, construction of sidewalks, also the
bills of Ed Strupat for $6.02, Harrison L. Stocks $7.00, F. L. George, Inspector $175.00,
Nevada Engineering and Construction Service for $975.40, Fred Callahan, Inspector, $175.00
and Paul Hosman for $300.00 Engineer in charge for the City.
On Motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was ordered that the
balance of $24,516.78 on bill of General Construction Corporation and R.A.Watson dated June
1st, 1930, allowed on June 7th, 1930 for $44, 516.78 and on which $20,000.00 has been paid,
be paid by warrant drawn on the proper fund.

Vote on said motion as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 24th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 24th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County , Nevada held on the 24th day of June 1930, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of June 16, and 19th, 1930. read and approved as read.

A letter from the American Legion asking the City to have the plot of land that has

been donated to the City for park purposes improved. Clerk was directed to answer same.

At this time the matter of the way the garbage was being disposed of in the City by
the Las Vegas Disposal Company was brought before the Board.

After a lengthy discussion the following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner
Thomas, and seconded by Commissioner German:

Resolved, that the Las Vegas Disposal Company be notified by the Commissioner of Streets

O.J. Smith that it is not fallfilling the contract held between the City of Las Vegas, and

the Las Vegas Disposal Company in not providing a public dump ground, and using the dump
ground belonging to the City, and that Mr. Taylor of the Las Vegas Disposal Company be notified
and appear before this Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 27th day of June at the hour of three o'clock.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 27th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 27th day of June 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Thomas, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and Smith.

At this time the Board took up the matter of paying the balance due on the land pur-
chased by the City through the First State Bank.

The Clark was directed to transfer $400.00 from the General Fund to the Publicity
Fund and draw a warrant, for $1,200.00 the balance due on the land, and $35.00 interest due
on same from February 1st, 1930 to July 1st 1930, on the Publicity Fund payable to the
First State Bank.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until June 30th, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 30th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 30th day of June 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

A large number of Citizens were present as this was the time set for the hearing of pro-
tests if any against the widening of Fremont Street, as petitioned for to the Board of Commission-
ers in November 1929.

A petition was filed with the Board signed by a number of property owners against the
widening of Fremont Street.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, it was moved that the
Clerk be directed to check the petition as to the legality of the owners, the number of feet
frontage on Fremont Street and the legality of the signatures, and report on same to the Board
at an early date.		

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and connection
work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating a bord of ex-
amination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances, providing additional re-
gulations for electrical installation, providing for the licensing of electrical workers, fixing
a penalty for the violation thereof, and repealing Ordinance No. 156, of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and
connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, and creating
an examination board, and providing a penalty for the violation thereof," and repealing Ordin-
ance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the licensing of
electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof,"
and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this
Ordinance," was read to the Board for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Tuesday the 1st day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA?

JULY 1st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 1st day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Thomas.

At this time the Clerk reported to the Board the checking of the petition protesting against
the widening of Fremont Street. Clerk reported that there was 2,960 feet to be improved, and the
petition protesting against the widening contained the legal signatures of bona fide owners re-
presenting a total frontage of 2,115 ft. on Fremont Street. Petitions requesting the withdrawal
of their names from the protest petition representing 300 feet was filed with the Clerk. This
amount from the petition protesting left a total of 1,815 feet. This represented over 51% of the
property owners on Fremont Street protesting against the widening of said street.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved, that the
proceeding for the widening of Fremont Street between Main and Fifth Streets be dropped as same
was protested by over 51% of the property owners interested.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor
Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Mrs. Ethel Ginther, owner of the Overland Hotel appeared before the Board and ask that
the City have the Welcoming Arch at Main and Fremont Street inspected, as same was in need of re-
pairs. Commissioner Smith was directed to have same looked after and torn down if necessary.

The following Bills were allowed:

$19,093.19	R.E. Hazard Contracting Company. June Estimate.

7,165.86	R. E. Hazard Contracting Company Final estimate.

37,257.20	General Constructing Corp. & R.A Watson final estimate.

The following were appoint as an examining Board of the Plumbers of the City of Las
Vegas: W. J. Rhodes, B. W. Snyder, and R.H. Elser Plumbing Inspector*
Mr. Taylor of the Las Vegas Disposal Company appeared before the Board, and informed
the Board as soon as possible the Las Vegas Disposal Company would again start using their
own dump ground, as stated in the contract held with the City of Las Vegas. He also stated
that at no time was wet garbage being dumped on the dump ground.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 3rd, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the 3rd day of July 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Smith, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell.

All reports presented to the Board were approved by the Mayor.

Owing to the absence of Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell, Commissioner Smith was
appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Water, Sewer and Light Dept, and the
Police and Fire Dept.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of June as follows:

$919.00	Licenses, and fees.

1.240.00	Municipal Court Fines.

2,159.00 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

5.00	Water Sewer and Light Fund.

654.00	General

1,500.00	P and F. Fund.

2,159.00	Total.

Bids for the rewiring of the Public Library Building were next opened. The bids were
as follows:

Nevada Electric Co.	$160.00

Gelber Electric Co.	190.00

L. V. Neon Sign Co.	230.95

Vann Electric Co.	112.80

Clark and Nellis	172.90.

After due consideration upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner
Smith it was moved that the bid of the Vann Electric Co. be accepted. Amount of bid, $112.80.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The application of D.G, Lorenzi, for permit to have a fireworks display at Lorenzi
Resort on July 4th was presented to the Board. Said application was granted, and Clerk
directed to deliver same to D. G. Lorenzi.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Saturday the 5th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1930.

AT A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of July 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners, Smith and German, together with the City Attorney,
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell.

"An Ordinance to fix, impose and collect a license tax on hawkers and peddlers in the
City of Las Vegas; to provide for the issuance of permits for conducting said business; to
define the duties of certain officers in connection therewith; to fix a penalty for the
violation thereof; to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith
and other matters relating there to; " was read to the Board for a second time and passed
by the following vote: Commissioners German and Smith, and Hid Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse
voting Aye. Noes None. Same was ordered published for one week three issues in the Las Vegas
Age a tri-weekly news paper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Smith was granted a thirty day leave of absence.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until the 8th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 8th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 8th day of July 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse, and Commissioner Smith.

On motion of Commissioners Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, it was moved
seconded and carried that Commissioner German act as chairman of the meeting.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the Board take a recess until three P.M. July 10th, 1930.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 10th day of July, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Minutes of the meetings held on the 24th, 27th, and 30th of June, and 1st, and 3rd,
read and approved as read.

Upon subjestion of Commissioner German it was ordered that a joint meeting with
the County Board of Commissioners be arranged for to discuss the request that the City Board
give up the office of the City Clerk in County Commissioners room in the County Court House.

A communication from the Chamber of Commerce relative to duplication in names of
streets was read and ordered filed. Directed that the Clerk with the assistance of the City
Attorney write the Chamber of Commerce relative to the suggestion made, and suggest the same
be taken up with the legislature and get a method of procedure for change of names of streets.
On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the sureties on former bonds of F.A. Thomason, and Lloyd S. Payne be released from further
liability thereon.

Thereupon It was ordered that the bond of Lloyd S. Payne as City Electrical Inspector
with the Union Indemity Co; as surety be approved, bond being dated July 1, 1930. Approval
to be endorsed on the same by Mayor Hesse.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until the 12th day of July, 1930 at the Hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY , NEVADA.

JULY 12th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 12th day of July 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Hansell and Thomas together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

The following gaming licenses were presented to the Board. Same having been approved
by R.W.Thomas Police & Fire Commissioner:

J.R.Boyer, Arizona Club, two tables, $150.00 deposited. Upon motion of Commissioner
Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the license be granted. Vote as
follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, and his Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
noes none.

Boulder Club, 118 Fremont St; three tables, $250.00 deposited. Upon motion of Com-
missioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the license be granted.
Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes none.

Gilmore & Horden, 21 & 23 Fremont St; two tables, $150.00 deposited. Upon motion
of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the license be
granted. Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

Wm. Jones and J. Brown, 217 Stewart St; two tables, $150.00 deposited. Upon motion
of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the license be
granted. Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Rainbow Club. 1st and Carson Sts; two tables $150.00 deposited for two tables. Upon
motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved the license be
granted. Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes none.

Exchange Club, by A.T. McCarter, $250.00 deposited for three tables.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
license be granted. Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Harold J. Stocker, Northern Club, $150.00 deposited for two tables. 

Mr. A.J. Schur, objector, objects to the granting of this license on the ground
that it is an abuse of discretion, and contrary to law.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the license be granted to, Harold J. Stocker. Vote as follows; Commissioners Hansell,
German, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The application of the Jack Pot Club, 122 No. 1st st; Cleto Aguirre, 115 No. 1st St;
Charles Taylor Co; 127 So. 1st St; were held up for further investigation.

Application of A. De Vorin, 110 So. 1st St; was without deposit. It was also held up.

It was moved by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas that a map of
the street intersection on the Westside entitled, "Original Plat of LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE,
showing Intersection Monuments", be approved an adopted as an official map thereof of this
City, and that same be approved by the Mayor and Clerk with the seal of the City and that the
Clerk have same recorded in the office of the County Recorder and after recordation thereof
keep same on file in the office of the City Clerk, subject to the order and disposition of
the Board of City Commissioner. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell,
German, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon it was moved seconded and carried that the Board recess until the 14th
day of July 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 14th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 14th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and German together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and Thomas.

Minutes of meetings of July 5th 8th and 10th read and approved as read.

The gaming application of Harris and Smith accompanied by $150.00 for two tables
was presented to the Board. Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Ger-
man it was moved that the license be granted. Vote as follows: Commissioners German and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture and con-
nection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating a
Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances, providing
for the licensing of electrical workers, providing additional regulations for electrical
installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof, and repealing Ordinance No. 156 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical in-
stallation, fixture and connection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged
on the same, and creating an examination board, and providing a penalty for the violation
thereof," and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance
providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las Vegas, and fixing a
penalty for the violation thereof," and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances
in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance," was read to the Board of Commissioners for
a second time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

Same was ordered published in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of one week, three issues.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the Meeting
recessed until Friday the 18th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

July 18th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
las Vegas, held on the 18th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Thomas together with the City Attorney
and Clerk. Commissioner Hansell also present.

Absent Commissioners Smith.

Minutes of meetings of July 12th, and 14th read and approved as read.

A letter from the San Bernardino Chamber of Commerce was read to the Board, inviting
the Mayor and Commissioners to participate in the parade to be held in San Bernardino on
July 28th, at the hour of 6:30 P.M. celebrating the consummation of the Boulder Dam pact
was read to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved,
that the Mayor, and the Commissioners attend, and take part in the celebration if they would
be a be to be absent from the City at that time. Expenses for the trip not to exceed the amount of $140.00
to he taken from the Publicity Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the Clerk was directed to acknowledge receipt of said letter.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
Commissioner Thomas be granted a thirty day leaf of absence. Same to take effect July 18th,
1930.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until.
Thursday the 24th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 24th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 24th day of July 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, together with the City
Clerk, and deputy City Attorney Dan V. Noland.

Absent Commissioner Thomas, and City Attorney Stevens.

Minutes of meeting of July 18th read and approved as read.

A petition for the widening of Fremont St; from Main to Second St. was presented to
the Board by John Miller, signed by a number of property owners.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that the City Attorney be instructed to draft a form of notice of the intention of
the widening of Fremont, setting the date of said meeting on the 15th day of August at the
hour of three o'clock P.M. to hear any objection to the proposed improvement.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the Clerk was directed to have said said notice of intention published
for a period of two weeks in the Las Vegas Age, and to have said notice posted in seven
places in the said ward of the City of Las Vegas.

Owning to the absence of Commissioner Thomas Police and Fire, Commissioner, Mayor
Hesse appointed Commissioner Hansell to approve the gaming application of A. De Vorin for
a gaming license for two (2) tables at the Majestic Club, said application being accompanied
by $150.00.	

Said application being approved by Commissioner Hansell, upon motion of Commissioner
Smith second by Commissioner German it was moved that the gaming license be granted to A.

De Vorin for the operation of two tables.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
$830.90 remaining in the Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Light fund be transferred to the
General Fund. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Hoard at this time the meeting recessed
until the hour of three o'clock P.M. July 30th, 1930.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 7th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 7th day of August, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell together with Mr. A.S.
Henderson, acting City attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith, and City Attorney Stevens.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Mayor Hesse appointed Commissioner Thomas to approve the bills of the Street De-
partment on the account of the absence of Commissioner of Streets O.J. Smith.

Monies received for the month of July as follows:

$318.00 Municipal Court fines.

4,867.25	Licenses, fines and fees from Clerk's office.

$5,185.25 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$220.00 Cemetery Fund.

65.00	Water Sewer & Light Fund.

2500.00	Police and Fire Fund

	2400.25 General Fund.

5185.25 Total.
Mr. A. W. Ham, chairman of a committee appointed by the Board of Commissioners to

 investigate the sewer problem, and the contract held between the City and Koebig and Koebig,

S nitary Engineers appeared before the Board, and stated that they had received work from
the firm of Koebig and Koebig that they would not abrogate the contract with the City of
Las Vegas and the firm of Koebig and Koebig after stating in a meeting the Board that they
would abrogate said contract if the citizens were not satisfied with the firm holding said
contract. Mr. Ham reported that a report would be ready by the end of the week.

"An Ordinance regulating the use of devices or apparatus which interferes with radio
broadcast reception," was read to the Board for a first time, and laid over for a second read-
ing.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Saturday the 9th day of August at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 9th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 9th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith , together
with acting City Attorney A.S. Henderson, and Clerk.

Absent City attorney Stevens.

Balance of claim allowed for the month of July as per claims and warrant register
on file in the office of the Clerk.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas seconded by Com-
missioner Hansell:

Resolve that Commissioner Smith be allowed $40.00 out of the City Publicity Fund
as expense allowance on trip to Carson City to secure Federal Aid on the Highway to the
Boulder Canyon Damsite.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas. Smith German, and
Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. Platt of the National State Horticultural Association appeared before the
Board at this time in regards to the planting of suitable varieties of plants in the park
site.	At this time no action was taken in the matter as the Board of Commissioners are

waiting the completion of the Federal Building on the site, and to have the grounds
comform in the style of gardening, with that around the Federal Building.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 15th day of August at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 13th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of August 1950 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith and Hansell together with the
Deputy City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas, and City Attorney Stevens.

Minutes of meeting of July 25th, August 7th and 9th read and approved as read.

A written application from the Las Vegas Motor Transit Company was read to the
Board appling for permission to operate a bus line in the City of Las Vegas, making stops
to receive and discharge passengers on the streets of the City of Las Vegas
and same was referred to Deputy City Attorney Noland for investigation, and to report
on same at the next meeting.
The Board then entered upon a discussion as to revising the Ordinances governing
licensing of businesses in the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 15th day of August at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 15th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 15th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the Deputy City
Attorney, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German, City Attorney Stevens.

This being the time set for hearing any protests against the widening of Fremont
Street between Main & Second Streets and a number of citizen being present to protests
such improvement the meeting was given over to hearing said protests.

A written protest was presented to the Board from Adolph Levy, and Mr. A.W. Ham
appeared before the Board protesting against such improvement on behalf of Ralph Thomas,
First State Bank, Clark & Ronnow, Adam Kramer, and Mr. & Mrs. O.C. Stocker. Mr. Clark also
protested against the widening of the said two blocks.

T.M. Carroll. L. W. Cragin and Mr. Simons also protested against the widening of
said street in the business district.

John Miller and R. B. Griffith spoke in favor of the widening of the two blocks.

After lengthy discussions on both sides the following Resolution was introduced
by Commissioner Hansell:

Resolve that the matter of widening Fremont Street between Main and Second Sts.
be referred to the City Planing Commission, and that said Commission report back to the
Board of City Commissioners at an early date., inregards to their investigation.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Smith and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was introduced:

Resolved that the office of Deputy City Clerk be created, and that Mary Taylor
be appointed Deputy City Clerk to receive a compensation of $5.00 per day, and to hold
office during the absence of the City Clerk while said City Clerk is given a 14 day leaf
of absence.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Hansell, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business appearing before the Board at this time the
meeting recessed until Tuesday the 18th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK? CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 19, 1930

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 19th day of August 1930 at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

Present: Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell together with Deputy
City Attorney Noland and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent: Commissioner German and City Attorney Stevens.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that a gaming license be granted the Chas. E. Taylor Co. 127 South First St. Same having been
approved by R. W. Thomas, Police and Fire Commissioner. Vote as fallows: Commissioners Smith
Hansell, Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes none.

Deputy City Attorney Noland was asked to form an amendment to Ordinance 137, Section
regulating the salary of the City Electrical Inspector. Said amendment to be read to the
Board at the next meeting.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until the 21st day of August 1930 at the hour of 3 P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK? CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 21ST, 1930

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 21st day of August 1930 at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

Present: Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, Deputy City Attorney
Noland and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent: Commissioner Smith, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns*

An Ordinance amending Section X of Ordinance No. 137 entitled "An Ordinance creating
the office of City Electrical Inspector, and Prescribing his duties, creating and establish-
ing the Bureau of Electrical Inspection and defining the duties and powers of said Bureau
providing for issuance of permits for installing electrical wiring, apparatus, or
equipment for light, heat, power, within, upon, or attached to bui dings, structures, lots,
or premises, within the City of Las Vegas, and providing a penality for the violations
of this ordinance."

The Board City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section X of the above entitled ordinance No. 137 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section X. The City Electrical Inspector shall hold office during the pleasure of the
Board of the City Commissioners. He must qualify within ten days from the. time of his
appointment by taking the Constitutional oath of office and filing a bond in the sum of
($1,000.00) One Thousand Dollars with the City Clerk, the same to be approved by the said
Board of City Commissioners, or some officer delegated to approve the same by said Board
of City Commissioners, The City Electrical Inspector shall be entitled to receive and
shall be paid monthly not exceeding ($200.00) Two Hundred Dollars and such amount shall
be full compensation for all services rendered, provided, however, that between the amount
of fees collected hereunder and the sum of (100.00) One Hundred Dollars for each and every
month that the fees so collected do not amount to the sum of ($100.00) One Hundred Dollars;
provided further that the City shall not be liable in any respect for the difference
between the amount of the fees collected and the aforesaid sum of ($200.00) Two Hundred
dollars." This amendment was read to the Board for the first time and laid over for a
second reading.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Tuesday the 26th day of August 1930 at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 26th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

held on the 26th day of August 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas, and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent City Clerk Viola Burns.

Minutes of meetings of August 13th, 15th, 19th and 21st read and approved as read.

	Sam Shaw appeared before the Board asking for permission to erect a 6 ft. exten-
sion on the American Legion Fight Arena. Bldg. Inspector Paul Hosman being out of the City

and nothing in the code covering same the City Attorney and Mayor were to give him a report

on their decision later.
Mr. Senlow of Jones Decorating Service appeared before the Board with prints of the
decorations for the Welcome Arch and ornamental light standards. The total cost for material
and laboring being $296.00. There being no money in the Publicity Fund and it being unlawful
to transfer from other funds to the Publicity Fund for such purposes Mr. Senlow's proposition
 was refused.

Mr. Mc Cleur Senn proprietor of the Las Vegas Motor Transit Company appeared before
the Board again asking for a franchise to operate on certain streets on a given schedule.

He was ask to secure a copy of the Santa Anna California franchise for the City Attorney.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 29th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 29th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 29th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Thomas, together with the City Attorney
and Deputy Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and German, and City Clerk.

"An Ordinance creating the office of City Engineer, providing for the appointment
of such officer, defining his powers and duties as such officer and fixing his compensation,
and other matters relating there to," was read to the Board for a first time and laid over
for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

The Mayor appointed Commissioner Smith to approved the salary bills of the Police
and Fire Commissioner owing to the absence of Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the Office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of August as follows:

$1,012.50	Municipal Court Fines.

2,424.70	Sale of Grader, fees, and licenses.

	3,437.20 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$1,400.00 Street Fund from sale of grader

1,500.00	Police and Fire Fund.

48.50	Water Sewer and Light Fund.

488.70 General Fund.

3,437.20 Total proportioned.

The balances left in the Special grading and Paving Funds were transferred to the
Street Fund as follows:

$76.58 Transferred to Street Fund from Paving Fund.

214.48	"	"	"	"	" Grading Fund.

The above two funds were closed out as the paving and grading for the City was completed.

"An Ordinance regulating the use of devices or apparatus which interferes with
radio broadcasting reception," was read to the Board for a second time and passed by the
following vote, Commissioners German, Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.

Hesse voting Aye. Noes none. Same was ordered published in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly
newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, for a perion of three issues, (3).

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Saturday the 6th day of September at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 6th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 6th day of September 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Hansell together with the City Clerk,
and Attorney Henderson acting for City Attorney Stevens.

Absent Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and City Attorney Stevens.

"An Ordinance creating the office of City Engineer providing for the appointment of
such officer, defining his powers and duties as such officer and fixing his compensation,
and other matters relating thereto," was read to the Board for a second time and passed by
the following vote: Commissioners German, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes none.

Was was ordered published for a period of one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas
Age a tri-weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, and upon its
complete publication to be in full force and effect.

"An ordinance amending Section X of Ordinance No. 137 entitled "An Ordinance creating
the office of City Electrical Inspector, and prescribing his duties, creating and estab-
lishing the Bureau, providing for the issuance of permits for installing electrical con-
struction and fixing the fees therefore; regulating the installation of electrical constru-
ction, maintenance, and repair of electrical wiring, apparatus, or equipment for light
heat, or power, within, upon, or attached to buildings, structures, lots or premises, within
the City of Las Vegas and providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance," was read
to the Board for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners German, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Same was ordered published in the las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a perion of one week, (three issues) same to be
in full force and effect after this complete publication.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 11th day of September, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 11th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 11th day of September 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present O.J. Smith Mayor pro tem, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse.

Balance of bills for the month of August allowed as per claims and warrant register
on file in the office of the City Clerk.

The members of the Board then entered into a discussion of the purposed ordinances
to be brought before the Board at some future date.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
the Commissioner German be granted a sixty day leaf of absence. Vote on said motion was as
follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell, and Mayor Pro tem Smith voting Aye.

Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 18th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 18th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

Minutes of meetings of August 26th, and 29th and September 4th, 6th, and 11th read
and approved as read.

A letter from the Mayor of Long Beach, Cal. and the Pacific Coast Building Officials
Conference asking that the City of Las Vegas send the City Building Inspector to the Con-
ference to be held at Long Beach in the near future was read to the Board. Was decided to
lay the matter over until a full meeting of the Board.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 23rd day of September 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 23rd, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 23rd day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, and Commissioners Smith, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meeting of September 18th read and approved as read.

The matter of the appointing of a City Engineer was next brought before the
Board. After some discussion it was decided to lay the matter over until the next meet-
ing. The written applications of A. R. Thompson, and Hugh Shamberger are on file in the
office of the City Clerk.

Mr.	of Salt Lake City next appeared before the Board with a plan

for the improvement of the City Park Site. No definite action was taken in the matter.
The estimated cost was about $5,500.00

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Thursday the 25th day of September, 1930.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 25th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the City enter into a contract with the Eureka Fire Hose Mfg. Co; for the purchase of
one thousand feet (1,000) of fire hose. Same to be delivered at once. Said contract to be
signed by the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas, and attest by the City
Clerk Viola Burns and with the City Seal. If at the time the payments fell due there was
not sufficient funds in the Police and Fire Fund to cover same the amount need was to be
borrowed from the General Fund, and same to be replaced as soon as possible from the Police
and Fire Fund. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith the follow-
ing Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, Carrie L. Blood was heretofore, the owner os Lots numbers twenty-nine
(29), thirty (30), thirty-one (31), and thirty-two (32), in Block number thirty-nine of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
from December 29th, 1927 to September 8th, 1930, and

Whereas said property is situated at the southwest corner of the intersection
of Clark and Fifth Streets, having a frontage of one hundred forty (140) feet on the South
side of Clark Street, and one hundred (100) feet on the West side os Fifth Street, and

Whereas under Ordinance No. 151, Assessment No. 13 of the City of Las Vegas
the following assessments were levied against each of said lots:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$52.20.

Lot 30,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$62.64.

Lot 31,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$73.08.

Lot 32,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$83.52, and

Whereas under Ordinance No. 152, Assessment No. 14 of the City of Las Vegas,
the following assessments were levied against each of said lots:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$36.95

Lot 30,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$44.34

Lot 31,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$51.73

Lot 32,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$59.12, and

Whereas said assessments have been confirmed and divided into installments
and said assessments were for the improvement of Clark Street, and the whole amount thereof
is unpaid, and

Whereas by deed dated, Sept. 8, 1930, Carrie L. Blood, a widow, sold and
conveyed the easterly sixty-seven (67) feet of said Lots 29, 30, 31, 32, to Helen C. Armistead,  
a widow, which deed was filed for record September 22, 1930, as document #37505, in
the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, State of Nevada and is recorded in Book
17	of Deeds at page 49	, said records, in which conveyance the purchaser,

Helen C. Armistead, agreed to assume 67/100ths of said assessments, and

Whereas, said Carrie L. Blood, a widow, still owns the westerly sixty-
seven (67) feet of said lots, and Helen C. Armistead, a widow, owns the easterly sixty-
seven (67) feet thereof, and

Whereas, said Carrie L. Blood and Helen Armistead have petitioned the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in writing bearing the date
the 23rd day of September, 1930 to make an order directing the City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas and requiring him to apportion the uncollected amounts of said assessments
upon the several parts of lands do divided, as follows:

Seventy-three one hundred and fortieths (73/140) of said assessments
to be apportion to and be a lien against the westerly seventy-three (73) feet of said lots
and sixty-seven one hundred and fortieths (67/140) of said assessments to be apportioned
to and be a lien against the easterly sixty-seven (67) feet of said lots.

Now Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the City Assessor be and he is
hereby required to apportion the uncollected amounts of said assessments upon the several
parts of the lands so divided, and report such apportionment back to this Board for con-
firmation.

Be It Further Resolved, that all proceedings hereunder shall be and are
hereby taken under Sec. 76 of the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas as amended in 1927,
as appears at page 249 of the 1927 Session Laws of the State of Nevada.

Be It Further Resolved, that a certified copy of this Resolution, certi-
fied by the City Clerk, be served upon the City Assessor.

Vote on said Resolution mss as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith,
and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Next the business of appointing a City Engineer as provided under
Ordinance No. 163 was brought before the Board. After due consideration the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith
the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that A. R. Thompson of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he is hereby
appointed to the office of City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas, to hold office at the
pleasure of the Board; that as such City Engineer he shall have and perform the following
powers and duties, viz;

Under the direction and control of the Board of City Commissioners he
shall perform all the engineering and surveying required by the City, except such engineer-
ing work now under contract by the City with other parties, in the carrying on of any public
works and improvements, and prepare allestimates, plans, and specifications of any public
improvements or sidewalks. All maps. plats, profiles, field notes, estimates, and all other
memoranda of surveys and other professional work made or done by home or under his direction
or control shall be and continue to be the property of the city. He shall keep a book in

which he shall record each and every item of expense, soct or indebtedness incurred in the
making of any public improvement of laying of sidewalks, so that the actual cost of said
work may at any time be ascertained, and the said book shall be open to inspection by any
person interested in said improvement at all reasonable hours. The City Engineer's office
shall be an office of record for all maps, plans, profiles, drawings, dedications, final
estimates, specifications, and contracts which in any way realte to the affairs of the City.
The City Engineer shall be the custodian of an must keep all the drawings, and documents
above mentioned on file, properly indexed, and his office shall be supplied with necessary
books, cases, and supplies for recording and filing as herein required. The City Engineer
shall be provided with a seal by the city for his use, containing the words, "City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, Engineering Department," and said seal shall be affixed to every certificate
and/or approval by him. He shall keep all documents and records filed in his office in good
condition and turn the same over to his successor in office. Copies of all documents, maps,
files, estimates, plans, profiles, drawings, specifications, dedications, and all other
records filed in the office of the City Engineer, when properly authenticated or certified
by the City Engineer, shall be admitted as evidence in all courts of law, the same as docu-
ments of any other office or record. The City Engineer shall perform such other and further
duties as the Board of Commissioners may require or which shall be prescribed by
ordinance.

He shall in order to qualify, take the official oath of office, and furnish
bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, payable to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, conditioned for the faithful discharge of the duties of his office and the proper
accounting for all public property and money that may come into his hands by virtue of his
office, which bond shall be signed by the principal, and two or more good and sufficient
sureties, if individual sureties, or by a surety company bond of a surety company qualified
to do business for the then current year in the State of Nevada, such bond to be approved
by the Board of Commissioners of the City of by some officers or officer designated by such
Board. It a surety company bond is furnished the premium thereon shall be paid by the City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that until the further order of the Board of Commissioners
said City Engineer shall receive no salary or compensation other than hereinafter provided;
that as full compensation for the services to be rendered as such City Engineer he shall be
allowed, receive and be paid not to exceed six per cent. of the actual cost of the con-
struction of each project, which six percent shall include full compensation to said Engin-
eer and the compensation for all assistants in surveying and staking out the work and
inspectors to see that the work is performed in accordance with the plans and specifications,
provided that such inspectors shall not at the cost of the City Engineer exceed three in-
spectors on any one project, and shall also include the services for preparing plans, speci-
fications, estimates, assessments and assessment plats, providing further that the City
shall as a part of such compensation allow and pay such sum per month as the Board of Com-
missioners may from time to time determine towards the maintenance of the office of such
City Engineer. Be it further provided that in the event the City Engineer shall become in-
capacitated to finish any project or shall resign or be removed from the office before com-
pleting any project, then and in either of such cases he shall be paid on the bases of the
reasonable value of the work performed up to the date of the incapacity, resignation or
removal, as the case may be. On work other than improvement projects as above provided for
said City Engineer shall be paid the reasonable value of his services, but not to exceed

dollars per day. He may appoint, subject to the approval of the Board of
City Commissioners, all assistants necessary for the proper prosecution of such other work,
All work must be ordered by the Board of City Commissioners or the Commissioner of some
department of the City, and the City shall not be liable for any services performed by the
City Engineer unless so ordered prior to the doing of the same. Any surveying or engineer-
ing work costing over One Hundred Dollars must have the approval of the Board of City Com-
missioners before being performed by the City Engineer.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the engineering services of the City Engineer
shall not include the services of architect, and the Board of City Commissioners shall have
the right to employ engineers to do special engineering work for which said Board does not
deem the City Engineer Qualified to do to the satisfaction of the Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday the 29th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
SEPT. 29th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 29th day
of Sept. 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 2nd, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the 2nd day of October 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Commissioner Smith was appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the finance
officer owning to the absence of Commissioner German Finance Commissioner.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant register on file in the office of the

Clerk.

Monies received for the month of September as follows:

$160.00 Municipal Court Fines.

1670.00	Licenses, fees, and sale of Cemetery lots.

1830.00	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$1,076.00 Police and Fire Fund

650.00 Street Fund

60.00	Cemetery Fund

44.00	Water. Sewer Light Fund.

1,830.00

Mr. Ward, Mr. Flowers, Mr. Down, and Captain Griffin of the Salvation Army appeared
before the Board at this time in regards to the carring for of the needy in the City at
the present time, and ask that the Board of Commissioners donate a substantial sum toward
the cause.

City Attorney Stevens informed them that at the present time the City could not
donate towards the fund as the only fund that the City could donate from was the Publicity
Fund and at the present time that fund depleted, and would not be reimbursed until the City
had received its share from the taxes in December.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance for licensing and regulating the carrying
on of certain businesses, professions, trades, callings, and occupations; fixing a penalty
for the violation thereof; repealing ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, as follows:
Ordinance No. 48, approved December 3, 1913, Ordinance No. 62 adopted December 1, 1915,
Ordinance No. 74, adopte d March 5, 1919, Ordinance No. 75, adopted May 7, 1919, Ordinance
No. 81, Adopted June 15, 1921, Ordinance No. 95, adopted September 6, 1922, Ordinance
No. 102, approved November 26, 1923, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith," was read to the Board for a first time, and laid over for a final reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday October 7th at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 7th day of October 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell, together with the City Attor-
ney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith, and German.
Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded my Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the bond of A.R. Thompson, City Engineer, be approved by the Mayor. City Attorney
Stevens ruling that the bond was correct as to form. Said bond is from the Aetna Casualty
and Surety Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said bond being filed with the Clerk after its approval by the Mayor.

Mayor Hesse, appoint Commissioner Hansell to approve some of the Sept. bills as
Finance Commissioner owing to the absence of Commissioner German, Finance Commissioner.

The Board of City Commissioners then met in a joint session with the Board of County
Commissioners and discussed ways and means of caring for the needy within the City. No definite
 action was taken.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 15th day of October at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK, COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 15th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of October, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved as read.

A petition was filed with the Board of Commissioners signed by a number of citi-
zens asking that Henry Blackall be be placed on the Police Department and patrol the
northern portion of the City. Said petition was referred to R. W. Thomas Police and Fire
Commissioner for his consideration.

A Letter from the Deer Creek Corporation was read to the Board asking that the
City help construct six miles of road into Deer Creek, and that the Deer Creek Corpor-
ation would deed to the City and County of Clark 20 acres of land to be used as a public
park.

City Attorney Stevens informed the Board that the City could not acquire lands
out side of the city limits except for water right. Clerk was directed to write to said
corporation and thank them for their offer, and explain to them the reason for not accept-
ing their offer.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that the following gaming application be granted, said applications being accompanied
by money covering the amount of tables applied for:

Mayme V. Stocker, four tables, application accompanied by $350.00

Leo Kind, two tables, application being accompanied by $150.00

A. T. Mc Carter, three tables, application being accompanied by $250.00

H.P. Harris and Lyle Smith, two tables, $150.00 accompanying application.

Geo. Smith, and Jack Butler, two tables, application being accompanied by $150.00
The foregoing applications being approved by R. W. Thomas, Police & Fire Commissioner.

Vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The applications of Boulder Club, Las Vegas Club, and Chas. Taylor Company being
held over until the application are properly filled out.

The application of Cleto Aguirre was laid over for further investigation.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the gaming applications of Don Yee, and Peccetti not be granted as same were not
approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board next considered a letter from the Board of Examination of the Civil
Engineers and Surveyors offering their services gratis in drafting an ordinance for the
zoining of the City of Las Vegas is the Board of Commissioner should consider such an
ordinance at this time.
The Clerk was directed to send the Board of Examination of Civil Engineers and
Surveyor a copy of the "Zoning Ordinance," that the Board of Commissioners has considered
some time ago.

The apportionment of the unpaid assessments of lots owned by Carrie L. Blood, and
Helen C. Armistead as prepared by Ex-Officio Assessor Devinney was next considered.

The following proportioning being considered.

To the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

Gentlemen:

In accordance with a Resolution adopted by your said Board at a recessed
regular meeting thereof held on the 25th day of September, 1930, requiring me, the under-
signed, County Assessor of the County of Clark, State, of Nevada and Ex-Officio City Assess-
or of the City of Las Vegas to apportion the uncollected amounts of the following assess-
ments, levied under Ordinance No. 151 of the City of Las Vegas, being assessment No. 13
of said City on the follow ng lots:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$52.50

Lot 30,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$62.64

Lot 31,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$73.08

Lot, 32, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, $83.52,
and to apportion the uncollected amounts of the following assessments, levied under Or-
dinance No. 152 of the City of Las Vegas, being assessment No. 14 of the City of Las Vegas
on the following lots:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$36.85

Lot 30,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$44.34

Lot 31,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$51.73

Lot 32,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$59.12,

which said assessments had theretofore been confirmed and divided into installments, and
said assessments were for the improvement of Clark Street, and the whole amount thereof were
unpaid, and

It appearing by such Resolution that by deed dated Sept. 8, 1930, Carrie
L. Blood, a widow, sold and conveyed the easterly sixty-seven (67) feet of said lots 29,30,

31, 32 to Helen C. Armistead, a widow, which deed was filed for record Sept. 22, 1930 as
document No. 37505, in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, State of Nevada
and was and is recorded in Book 17 of Deeds at page 49, said records, in which conveyance the
purchaser, Helen C. Armistead, agreed to assume 67/100ths of said assessments, and

It appearing by such Resolution that said Carrie L. Blood, a widow, still
owns the westerly sixty-seven (67) feet of said lots, and Helen C. Armistead, owns the
easterly sixty-seven (67) feet thereof, and

By such Resolution I was required to report such apportionment as made
by me back to this Board for confirmation,

I hereby report that I have apportioned the uncollected amounts of said
assessments upon the several parts of the lands so divided, as fo lows:

Assessments under Ordinance No. 152, Assessment No. 14:

Lot 29, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite-Carrie L. Blood,
seventy-three one hundred fortieths, namely: $19.27
Lot 30, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite-Carrie L. Blood,
seventy-three one hundred fortieths, namely $23.12.

Lot 31, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite-Carrie L. Blood,
seventy-three one hundred fortieths, namely $26.97.

Lot 32, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite-Carrie L. Blood,
seventy-three one hundred fortieths, namely $30.83.

Lot 29, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite- Helen C. Armistead,
sixty-seven one hundred fortieths, namely $17.68.

Lot 30, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite- Helen C. Armistead,
sixty-seven one hundred fortieths, namely $21.22.

Lot 31, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite- Helen C. Armistead,
sixty-seven one hundred fortieths, namely $24.76.

Lot 32, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite- Helen C. Armistead,
sixty-seven one hundred fortieths, namely $28.29.

Assessments under Ordinance No. 151, Assessment No. 13:

Lot 29, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite-Carrie L. Blood,
seventy-three one hundred fortieths, namely $27.22.

Lot 30, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite-Carrie L. Blood,
seventy-three one hundred fortieths, namely $32.66.

Lot 31, Block 32, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite-Carrie L. Blood,
seventy-three one hundred fortieths, namely $38.11.

Lot 32, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite- Carrie L. Blood,
seventy-three one hundred fortieths, namely $43.55.

Lot 29, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite- Helen C. Armistead,
sixty-seven one hundred fortieths, namely $24.98.

Lot 30, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite- Helen C. Armistead,
sixty-seven one hundred fortieths, namely $29.89
Lot 31, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite-Helen C. Armistead,
sixty-seven one hundred fortieths, namely $34.97.

Lot 32, Block 39, Clark's Las Vegas, Townsite-Helen C. Armistead,
sixty-seven one hundred fortieths, $39.97.

I further report that the assessments on said respective lots to the
respective owners, as to the 1930 installments are under said apportionment as follows;

To- Carrie L. Blood: under Ordinance No. 151, Assessment No. 13:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	aforesaid------------$4.63

Lot 30,	Block	39,	aforesaid------------$5.55

Lot 31,	Block	39,	aforesaid------------$6.48

Lot 32,	Block	39,	aforesaid------------$7.40.

To Helen C. Armistead, under Ordinance No. 151, Asst. No. 13:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	aforesaid------------$4.24

Lot 30,	Block	39,	aforesaid------------$5.10

Lot 31,	Block	39,	aforesaid------------$5.94

Lot 32,	Block	39,	aforesaid------------$6.90
To Carrie L. Blood under Ordinance No. 152, Asst. 14:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$3.27

Lot 30,	B1ock	39,	aforesaid-------------$3.93

Lot 31,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$4.58

Lot 52,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$5.24

To Helen C. Armistead under Ordinance No. 152, Asst. No. 14.

Lot 29,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------§3.01

Lot 30,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$3.61

Lot 31,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$4.21

Lot 32,	Block	39,	aforesaid-------------$4.81.

Dated this 2nd day of October 1930.

Respectfully submitted,

F. C. De Vinney
Ex-Officio City assessor.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was
moved that the fore going report be confirmed, and accepted.	

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 23rd day of October 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 23rd, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada, held on the 23rd day of October. 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and Thomas, together with
the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of October 15th read and approved as read.

The bill of Dr. N. Michelena for $35.00 for care of City prisoner was allowed
same being approved by Police & Fire Commissioner, and O.J. Smith acting Finance Com-
missioner, and approved by Mayor Hesse, for $35.00

The gaming application of Las Vegas Club was next brought before the Board, and
upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith a license for the
operation of two gaming tables was granted. Said application being accompanied by §150.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The gaming application of Boulder Club for the operation of three tables with
§250.00 accompanying said application was next brought before the Board. Upon motion of
Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the license be grant-
ed.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The gaming application of J. R. Boyer for the operation of two gaming tables, and
the sum of §150.00 covering same having been deposited with the City Clerk was next consider
ed, and upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
said license be granted.

Vote on said motion was a follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The application of the Chas. Taylor company was next considered. Said appli-
cation being accompanied by a check for $150.00 signed by one Henry Wong, for the oper-
ation of two tables. Names of members of said Chas. Taylor Co; and the name of the manager
being on said application. After a lengthy discussion upon motion of Commissioner Hansell,
seconded by Mayor Hesse it was moved that the license be granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. and Commissioner Thomas voting No.

Mr. John Miller appeared before the Board at this time asking that the Board
of Commissioners again consider the widening of Fremont Street from Main Street to Second
Street. After some discussion by the Board the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that the City Planning Commission investigate the widening of Fre-
mont Street from Main to Second St, and present a written report to the Board for their
consideration at a meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held on the 31st day of Oct-
ober at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
That the City Clerk be instructed to write the City Planning Commission and ask that they
have their report ready for the consideration of the Board at that time, and also state
that this matter was considered at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 15th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Said Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, and seconded by Commissioner
Hansell. Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The plans, specifications, and estimates of cost on file in the office of the
Clerk were turned over to City Engineer Thompson for his inspection.

Mr. Miller ask that the Board grant him permission to install a sign in front
of the Bank of Southern Nevada, on a line with the ornamental light standards, said sign
to be placed on top of a post similar to the lamp standards. The matter of granting this
permission was turned over to City Attorney Stevens for his investigation.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 31st day of October, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 31st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 31st day of October 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith

Minutes of Meeting of October 23rd, read and approved as read.

The City Attorney and Clerk were directed to look over the minutes of the meet-
ings of the Board of Commissioners, and report back to the Board the member s on the var-
ious Boards that work under the Board of Commissioners, and their terms of office.

Attorney Tayor of the firm of Ham and Taylor appeared before the Board at this
time and protested against the widening of Fremont Street from Main to Second Street. Mr.
Taylor was representing a number of property owners in said district.

The Board at this time took no definite action in regards to the widening of
Fremont Street from Main to Second Street.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting Re-
cessed until Tuesday the 4th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 6th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 6th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of October as follows:

$1,597.00 Municipal Court Fines.

4,821.30	Licenses, fees, and sale of Cemetery Lots.

6,418.30	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$3,000.00 Police and Fire Fund.

3,258.00 General Fund.

80.30	Water Sewer and Light Fund.

_____80.00 Cemetery Fund.

$6,418.30

The sum of One Thousand Dollars was transferred from the General Fund to the Water,
Sewer and Light Fund.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 7th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 7th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners, Hansell, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Attorney Stevens informed the Board that a permit could not be granted to John
H. Miller for the erection of a sign post in the side walk in front of the Bank of Southern
Nevada.

A letter from Supt. of Streets J.P. King asking the members of the Board to consider
the placing of a light at the intersection of Charleston Drive, and the Union Pacific Rail-
road tracks in the southern part of the City. He also called attention to the bill-
board near the Standard Oil storage station on South Main, and stated that this sign was
obstructing the view at this point.

The following petition was presented to the Board, the same having been filed with
the Clerk, November 6th:

To the Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners,
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

We, the undersigned owners and taxpayers of property on the following streets

to-wit,

Fifth Street from Stewart Street to Mesquite Avenue
Sixth Street from Fremont Street to Mesquite Avenue

Seventh Street from Fremont Street to Mesquite Avenue

Eighth Street from Fremont Street to Stewart Street

	Ninth Street from Fremont Street to Ogden Street

Tenth Street from Fremont Street to Ogden Street

Fremont Street from Eighth Street to Twelfth Street

hereby petition your honorable body to create a special improvement district comprising said

streets and construct therein curbs and gutters and street paving with a two and one half

inch Durite Asphaltic Concrete base course, and a one and one half inch Durite Asphaltic Con-
crete wearing surface together with the necessary garding therefor.

We further petition your honorable body to cause this work to be assessed against
the abutting property as prescribed by alw in one or more assessments as may be necessary
and payment of these assessments to be made either in cash or by allowing them to go to bond

at the discretion of the individual abutting property owners.

C.C. Boyer, Frank Wait, Chas. Dimmock, and E. Hicks protested against their names
appearing on said petition, and after some discussion it appeared to the Board that the names

of those protesting against their names being used on said petition had been taken from a

petition that had been circulated some time before asking for the improvement of Ogden Street
only, and that one page from the former petition had been placed with the petition presented
to the Board at this time.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, it was
moved that the petition be released from file, and be returned to the part presenting said
petition for correction.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 13th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 15th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 15th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell,

Mayor Hesse, appointed Commissioner Smith to approve the bills presented to the Board
at this time, as Finance Commissioner due to the absence of Finance Commissioner German.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 18th day of November. 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFF ICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of the meetings of October 31st, November 6th, 7th, and 13th read and
a proved as read.

A letter from the City Manager of the City of Grand Rapids Michigan with a copy
of a Resolution recently passed by the Board of Commissioners of that City urging the Cities
of the United States to to sponsor, and further an intensive campaign to spur the public
feeling to a higher plane of confidence was read to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
approve the plan adopted by the City of Grand Rapids Michigan by their City Commission,
and will co-operate with them in the plan.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

The Citizens Committee represented by O.A. Kimball, O. W. Tates, and W. F. McLalland
appeared before the Board in regards to the new paving project that is being considered by
the citizens in certain portions of the city. The type paving and the laying of concrete
curbs and utter s were considered, but no action taken, at this time

The matter of the sum to be allowed the City Engineer for office rent was next
brought before the Board, and upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner
Thomas it was moved that the sum of $40.00 per month be allowed City Engineer Thompson for
office rent, same to be changed at the pleasure of the Board.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 25th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 25th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 25th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meeting of November 18th read and approved as read.

Mr. Leonard Blood, State Deputy Labor Commissioner appeared before the Board of City
Commissioners and ask that the Board co-operate with his office in relieving the unemployed
situation in the City. Commissioner Smith of the City Streets promised to look over the
need of hiring more men to work on the City streets, and get in touch with Mr. -Blood.
Permanent presidents of the city property owners, and married men with families to be
given first chance on any positions that might open up. Mr. Blood informed the Board that
he had on file applications for 300 jobs.

The Clerk was instructed to write a letter of thanks to the State Labor Commissioner
Hoyle and thank him for his aid in securing a deputy labor commissioner in Las Vegas.

Mr. Ryland Taylor appeared before the Board in behalf of a number of property owners
on Fremont Street that are protesting the widening of Fremont Street from Main to Second
Street and ask that the Board of Commissioner abandon the idea of widening said street for
the said two blocks at this time. The City Attorney was instructed to look into the law in
regards to this matter and report back to the Board if it was legal to drop the proceedings
at this time.

The plat of Woodland Park subdivision was presented to the Board by C. D. Baker of
the Southern Nevada Engineering Service for the approval of the Board. Same being approved
by the City Planning Commission. There upon said plat was approved by Mayor Hesse, and
Attest by the Clerk under the Seal of the City.

The members of the Board then entered into a discussion of the new ordinance govern-
ing all classes of businesses and professions in the City of Las Vegas which will soon
come up for a second reading. The Board also at this time considered the revising of Section
7 of Ordinance 160 governing peddling.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the first day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, Las Vegas,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 1st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 1st day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of November 25th read and approved as read.

At this time the members of the Board took up the matter of the new license ordin-
ance that will soon come up for a second reading.

M. Carroll, O.A. Kimball appeared before the Board at this time and protested
against the raise in license for "Real Estate & Insurance Agencies".

Mrs. Edith Allen protested against the license on dairies.

The Board took no action to reduce these rates at this time.

Other sections of said ordinance were considered.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until the hour of 7:30 P.M.

7:30 P.M.

Present at this time were Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, toget-
her with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. W. J. Flowers appeared, and went over some sections of said license ordin-
ance with the Board of Commissioners

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 3rd day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 3rd, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 3rd day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse Commissioners Smith and Hansell together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

At this time the Board again considered the new license ordinance.

A number of citizens appeared before the Board in regard to the various rates.

After a lengthy discussion and no decision being reached the meeting recessed until
the hour of seven thirty P.M.

7:30 P.M.

Present O.J. Smith Mayor Pro tem, and Commissioners Hansell, and German, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse, and Commissioner Thomas.

At this time the Board went at once into the business of the license ordinance,
and after hearing from various citizens present the following ordinance was read for the
first time as amended, and layed over for a final reading:

An ordinance providing for the licensing and regulating the the carrying on of
certain businesses, professions, trades, callings, and occupations; fixing a penalty for
the violation thereof: repealing ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, as follows: Or-
dinance No. 48, approved December 13, 1913, Ordinance No. 62, adopted December 1, 1915,
Ordinance No. 74, adopted March 5, 1919, Ordinance No. 75, adopted May 7, 1919, Ordinance
No. 81, adopted, June 15, 1921, Ordinance No. 95, adopted September 6, 1922, Ordinance No.

102 approved November 26, 1923, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

Clark County, Nevada.

December 4th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
4th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.
Monies received for the month of November as follows:

$150.00 Sale of cemetery lots.

97.00	Plumbing Permits

495.00	Municipal Court Fines.

832.50	Fees and City Licenses.

1,574.50	Total.

Money proportioned as follows:

$150.00	Cemetery Fund.

97.00	Water,	Sewer and	Light Fund.

1327.50	Police	& Fire	Fund.

1574.50	Total.

Monies transferred as follows:

$500.00 from the General Fund to the Water Sewer and Light Fund.

300.00	from the General Fund to the Police & Fire Fund.

No further business appearing before the Hoard at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 10th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 10th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.	

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meetings of December 1st, December 3rd, and December 4th read and approved
as read.

Commissioner Smith was appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance
Commissioner owing to the absence of that officer.

Mr. P.A. Simons appeared before the Board and ask that some of the streets on the
Westside be graveled. The matter was referred to Commissioner Smith for investigation.

The Board next discussed the matter of securing suitable offices for the Clerk, and a
room in which the meetings of the Commissioners could be held.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 12th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 12th, 1930.



At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 12th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P; M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas.

A letter from the County Clerk written at the direction of the Board of County Com-
missioners, was read to the Board of City Commissioners asking that the City vacate the
room in the County Court House, that is now used as an office for the City Clerk, as the
County offices are crowded for space.

After some discussion the Clerk was directed to write to the Board of County Com-
missioners and ask that Honorable body to meet with the Board of City Commissioners at
a meeting to be held in the near future to see what arrangements could be made with the
County for office space in the Court House.

The application of H. C. Keyes, for permit to install lay down, and maintain a gas
plant and system in the City of Las Vegas was filed with the Board.

Mr. A. W. Ham, attorney for Mr. Keyes also appeared before the Board on behalf of

Mr. Keyes.

After some discussion by the Board inregards to a Resolution passed some time ago
requiring any one to file a Surety Bond of $5,000.00 with the Board insuring them of the
good intentions of the part interested, and Mr. Keyes stating that he was willing, and
would rather file with the Board a cash bond of $1,000.00 instead of the $5,000.00, a
surety bond the following Resolution was passed:

Resolved, that whereas this Board of City Commissioners did on the 20th day of March,
at a recessed regular meeting passed the following Resolution, Upon motion of Commissioner
German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell; "Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board
that no permit for use of streets, alleys and public places in the City for gas mains
and appliances and appurtenances be granted to any applicant, except on the terms that at
the time of the acceptance of such permit a surety company bond in the liquidated amount
of $5,000.00 be furnished to the city guaranteeing the fulfillment of the terms of the
permit and particularly that the work be commenced within such time as the Board may fix
after certificate of Public Convenience is obtained and that such certificate shall be
obtained within such time as is provided in such permit, and that work shall be prosecuted
with diligence there after," The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners
German, Hansell, Smith, and the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None,

Now therefor be it the sense of this Board that said Resolution be rescinded.

Said Resolution introduced by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Ger-
man, vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German, the foll-
owing Resolution was introduced and passed:
Resolved, that the application of H.C. Keyes filed with the Board of Commissioners
for permit to lay down, install, and maintain a gas plant and system in the City of Las
Vegas, and the members of the said Board being favorably impressed with said application
and the bond to be filed with the Board, that the City Attorney be instructed to submit
to the Board at the next meeting of said Board a form of permit for the approval of said
Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business then appearing before the Board the meeting recessed until
Monday the 15th day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, County of Clark,

State of Nevada.

December 15th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 15th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, German, and Hansell together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of December 12th read and approved as read.

Commissioner Thomas was appointed to approve a claim as Finance Commissioner due
to the absence of Commissioner German Finance Commissioner, at the opening of the meeting.

At this time City Attorney Stevens presented to the Board for its approval a form
of permit to H.C. Keyes for permission to lay down, install and maintain a gas plant and
system in the City of Las Vegas.

After due consideration upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commission-
er Thomas the following Resolution was introduced:

Resolved, that whereas H.C. Keyes did on the 12th day of December 1930, file with
the Board of City Commissioners an Application praying for a permit to be granted to him
and his assigns for the laying down, installing, and maintaining a gas plant and system
in the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of suppling manufactured or natural gas to the
inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas the Board of Commissioners of said City look with favor upon the grant-
ing of said Permit, and the filing with the City of a cash bond of $1000.00, and the
form of Permit submitted by City Attorney Stevens being satisfactory to all parties con-
cerned, that said Permit be granted to H.C. Keyes, and his assigns, said permit to be
executed in triplicate, to be approved by the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, and attest by the City
Clerk, under the seal of said City, Said Permit to be on file in the office of the City Clerk
Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell left before the vote was cast.

Mr. H. C. Keyes at once file with the Clerk $500.00 cash as required in section
nine of said Permit.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 17th day of December, 1930 at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,
NEVADA.

DECEMBER 17th, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 17th day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Dr. Roy Martin, O.A. Kimball, and A.B. Witcher, of the Las Vegas Realty Board
appeared before the Board of Commissioners, with a plan for the improvement of the City
Park site, and ask that the Board take steps in the near future for the improvement of
said park if in only a small way, so that trees might be planted, and water secured, The
Board informed this committee that they looked with favor on said plan, and would see if
water could be secured before going a head with the tree planting.

Mr. Mc Griff, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners appeared before the
Board, and stated that arrangements were being made to move the office of the Deputy Super-
intends from the ground floor of the County Court House to the New High
School building, and that the Office of the City Clerk could be in that office, and the
present office used by the City Clerk would be turned into a court room.

At this time eleven petitions were filed With the Board petitioning for the
Improvement of certains streets in the City of Las Vegas as follows:

Fifth Street from Stewart Street to North line Bucks Subdiv.

Sixth Street from Linden Avenue to Garces Street.

Seventh Street from Linden Avenue to Garces Street.

Eight Street from Stewart Street to Clark Street.

Ninth Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street.

Tenth Street from South line Grandview Add. to Carson Street.

Mesquite Avenue from Fifth Street to Ninth Street.

Stewart Street from Main Street to Tenth Street.

Ogden Street  from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street.

Fremont Street  from Eighth Street to Twelfth Street.

Carson Street from Fifth Street to Tenth Street.

Bridger Street from Fifth Street to Ninth Street.

Lewis Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street.

Clark Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street.

Bonneville Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street.

Garces  Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street.

Said petitions were circulated by the following persons: A. E. Cahlan, J. D. Smith, Tom
Harland, C. D. Baker, S. R. Whitehead, Ryan & Cantrall, Frank Wait, Van Santongue, Mrs.
Carmichael, W.L. Mc Lallen, O.A. Kimball, O.W. Yates, and C.C. Boyer.

The Clerk was directed to check said petitions, as to the owners of said pro-
perty in said district, the Attorney was directed to draw up a notice of intention, and
City Engineer Thompson was directed to prepare plats, and total estimate of cost, and
present same at next Board meeting.

If the required number of property owners on Sixth, and Seventh Streets from
Garces Street to Charleston Drive desired to be included in said improvement district
they are privileged to do so. Same to be ascertained before the notice of intention is
published.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 19th day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 19th, 1930.

At recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

At this time the Clerk reported to the Board on the checking of petitions for
street improvement, and it was fond that about 59 of the property owners in the district
petitioning for paving had signed said petitions. It was also found necessary to create
four separate improvement districts in said district so as to have the property properly
assessed.

The City Engineer had ready to place on file plats of said districts, and esti-
mates of coasts, in the office of the Clerk, and the City Attorney had prepared a notice
of intention.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was


that the notice of intention be posted in the required number of places, and said notices be
published for two weeks, every issue in the local papers, and that the Clerk cause said
notices to be posted, after being properly sign by the mayor, and attest by the clerk under
the seal of the City. That the time set for hearing of protests, if any, on said improvement
be on Friday the 9th day of January, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 22nd day of December, 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 22nd, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 22nd day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Commissioner Thomas was appointed by the Mayor to approve several bills as Finance
Commissioner, due to Finance Commissioner German.

Mr. Webster L. Benham, of the Benham Engineering Company of Kansas City Mo. appeared
before the Board in regards to the contract held between the City of Las Vegas, and Koebig
and Koebig, for sewer improvement in the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Benham had been in communi-
cation with Mr. Koebig, and was of the impression that Koebig and Koebig would like to
transfer said contract to the Benham Engineering Company, if such could be done.

After some discussion on the matter the Clerk was directed to write to Mr. A. W. Ham
chairman of a Committee appointed some time ago to investigate the matter of the contract
between the City of Las Vegas, and the firm of Koebig and Koebig, Sanitary Engineers, for
the construction of a sewer plant and system in the City of Las Vegas, and ask that said
Committee make an investigation into the matter of the transfer of said contract, and to
assure themselves as to the standing of Mr. Benham as an engineer, and have a report ready
to present to the Board of Commissioners January 1st, 1931.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 1st, 1931.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 1st day of January, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith with the City Clerk.

No business appealing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Friday
the 2nd day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
Clark County, Nevada. January 2nd, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 2nd day of January, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith and German, His Honor the Mayor, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the following gaming licenses be granted. Said application being approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Thomas, and money covering same being in the hands of the Clerk.

Leo Kind, two tables One Hundred Fifty Dollars,

Boulder Club Three tables Two Hundred Fifty Dollars,

Las Vegas Club two tables One Hundred Fifty Dollars,

Northern Club two tables One Hundred Fifty Dollars,

A. T. Mc Carter three tables Two Hundred Fifty Dollars.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Monies received as follows:

$1524.75 Licenses, permits, and $500 Surety Bond.

$1539.00 Municipal Court Fines.

3063.75

Monies proportioned as follows:

$	70.00 Cemetery Fund.

59.50	W. S. & L. Fund.

1,500.00 Police and Fire Fund.

1,434.25 General Fund.

3,063.75

Mr. C.C. Boyer, from the State Highway Dept. appeared before the Board at this time
and explained to the members that the City could secure Federal Aid on Fremont Street from
Fifth Street East to the present City Limits if they chose to do so as the Highway Dept,
had secured Federal Aid on the road from the City Limits east about ten miles.

No decision was reached at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 5th day of January 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 5th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

A report from the Citizens' committee that had been appointed sometime ago to
look into the matter of sewer improvements was presented to the Board.

This committee recommended that the contract held between the City of Las Vegas
and the firm of Koebig and Koebig, Engineers of Los Angeles, for sewer improvements be
transferred to Webster L. Benham of Kansas City, Mo. if terms agreeable to all could be
parties concerned could be arranged.

There upon motion of Commissioner L.B. Hansell, seconded by Commissioner O.J.
Smith the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer, of Kansas City, Missouri, has
applied to this Board to obtain its consent to the taking over by him from Koebig and Koebig
the contract of date September 27th, 1929, with the City of Las Vegas for engineering work
in connection with proposed sewer system and sewer disposal works, and

Whereas, by letter to this Board of date December 29th, 1930 said Koebig and
Koebig have requested this Board to transfer said contract to said Webster L. Benham,

Now Therefor Be It Resolved, that it is the sense of this Board that it agree
to such transfer, provided satisfactory arrangement as to the terms of such transfer can
be made between this Board and said Koebig and Koebig, and Webster Benham, and that for
such purpose an outline of such terms be prepared and submitted to said Koebig and Koebig
and said Webster L. Benham.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell
and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.
At this time the Board considered the matter of improving the park site, and City Eng-
ineer Thomas, and Mayor Hesse were instructed to look over the plans that had been presented
to the Board, and make changes if necessary so that work might be commenced in the near fut-
ure in setting out trees, and securing water.

A letter from the City Engineer was read to the Board in regard to the condition of the
Durite paving on certain streets in the City of Las Vegas, also a copy of a letter sent to
Merritt, Chapman and Scott Corp; asking them to route their trucks over different streets, as
the heavy trucking done from their yard at Main and Garces Sts; is doing considerable damage
to the streets in that vicinity.

The members of the Board were go over the matter with the City Engineer and report at
an early meeting of the Board.

The Board at this time discussed securing Federal Aid on Fremont Street. Mr. C.C. Boyer
appeared before the Board and stated that about 88% of the cost of construction would be
covered by Federal Aid, and the additional 12% by the City of Las Vegas. No definite action
was taken at this time.

No further business ap earing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 6th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 6th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 6th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and German together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

A number of interested citizens appeared before the Board at this time in regards
to the securing of Federal Aid on Fremont Street from 12th St. to the City Limits.

Mr. C.C. Boyer explained to them the way the costs wold be divided.

Other Citizens who spoke before the Board on this matter were, C. P. Squires, Dr.

R. W. Martin, O.A. Kimball, and several others.

No definite action taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 7th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 7th, 1951.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 7th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas, together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German, and Smith.

At this time the Board appointed Donald Williams, a master electrician, as the third
member on the Board of Examination, for Electrical Contractors in the City of Las Vegas.

City Engineer Thompson was directed to stake out places for the plant ng of trees on
the park site. Said portion to be improved is approximately three hundred fifty feet deep
from Third St. to Fifth St.

Was reported at this meeting that Mr. Alkire, Nurseryman, had ordered suitable trees
that could be planted on said site.

At this time the Board again considered the improving of Fremont Street from Eighth
Street to the City Limits east of the City with Federal Aid. After some discussion the following 
Resolution was duly adopted:

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, it is the sense of this Board that the City of Las Vegas take advantage
of the opportunity to obtain Federal Aid on building a highway on a protion of Fremont
Street to the easterly City limits of said City in order to connect with the Federal Aid
Highway to the vicinity of Hoover Dam,

Now therefore, be it Resolved, that the City does hereby authorize the Highway
Department of the State of Nevada to take such steps as are necessary to make the surveys
and to construct a thirty foot in width strip along Fremont Street from the westerly limit
of Eighth Street to the easterly limit of the City of Las Vegas to connect with said above
named road to the vicinity of Hoover Dam, and that the City Clerk notify said State High-
way Department of the action of this Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Nones none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 9th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 9th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 9th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, German, and Hansell. together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

This being the time set for hearing protests if any against the proposed street im-
provements and a number of citizens appearing before the Board to protest against the said
improvements the meeting was thrown open for discussion.

The following persons addressed the Board: Mr. Frank Ryan representing a number
of citizens owning property on Stewart Street protested the improvement of said street until
the completion of the Federal Building. The following citizens also appeared before the
Board Adam Kramer, Ben Minter, W.W. Cantrell, John Irish, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Chirstenson, Mrs.
Hinge, Mrs. Bullett, Frank Williams.

Attorney Duffill representing a number of citizens owning property south of Garces
appeared before the Board protesting said improvements on the account of the bonded indebtedness
 s of the City. A petition was filed with the Board signed by about 60% of the
property owners residing in said district protesting against the improvement.

Mr. Fitzgerald, A.T. Stone appeared before the Board protesting the improvements
east of Fifth St. also Mr. and Mrs. Sam Craner.

At this time no decision was reache d and the Clerk was directed to check the
petitions and report back to the Board.

The Board at this time again considered the accepting of Federal Aid on Fremont
 Street from Eighth Street to the East City limits.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, it is the intention of the City of Las Vegas to take advantage of the
opportunity to get Federal Aid on building of a thirty foot in width highway on Fremont
Street to the easterly limits of the City of Las Vegas,

Now therefore, be it Resolved that a strip fifteen feet in width on each side
of the center of Fremont Street from the westerly limits of the intersection of Eighth
and Fremont Streets to the westerly limits of the intersection of Twelfth and Fremont
Streets be and the same is hereby eliminated from the plans for the improvement of said
protion of Fremont Street under the improvement program for the construction of a 2½
inch Durite pavement and 1½ inch Durite top, so that such thirty foot strip may be im-
proved under Federal Aid project.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner German leaving before the vote was cast.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 14th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 14th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 14th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Hansell, together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and German.

At this time the Clerk reported to the Board that the checking of the petitions
protesting the proposed street improvements did not carry signatures of 51% of the
 property owners in said district to be improved.

number of citizens appeared in person to protest said improvements. John H.

Miller protested against the improvements in Blocks 10 and 11, and 17 and 18 in Wardie
Addition as the Miller-Busick Coprotation, of which he is part owner did not feel that it
was necessary to put in street improvements at the present time.

Mr. Ryan again appeared before the Board representing a number of property owners
protesting against the improvement of Stewart Street from Main Street to Fifth Street at
the present time. Mr. Wilson, Mr. Santine, and Mr. Irish, and Mrs. Bullett again appeared
before said Board protesting said improvement.

At this time the Board of Commissioners decided to drop from said improvements at
this time Stewart Street from Main to Fifth Street, and Sixth and Seventh Streets from
Garces to Charleston Blvd; on decision was reached in regards to the rest of the district.

At this time the Board considered the improving of Fremont Street from Fifth Street
to the east City limits with Federal Aid.

On motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that the Resolution adopted on the 7th day of January, 1931, by this Board
authorizing the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada to take such steps as are
necessary to make the surveys and to construct a thirty foot in width strip of highway
along Fremont Street from the westerly limit of Eighth Street to the easterly limit of
the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby rescinded.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded
by Commissioners Hansell duly adopted:

RESOLVED: That the City of Las Vegas does hereby authorize the State Highway Depart-
ment of the State of Nevada to take such steps as are necessary to make the surveys and
to construct a thirty foot in width strip of highway along Fremont Street from the
limit of the intersection of Fifth and Fremont Streets to the Easterly limits of
the City of Las Vegas to connect with a highway to be built by Federal Aid from said east-
erly limits of the City of Las Vegas to the vicinity of Hoover Dam, such protion so located
on Fremont Street to be constructed of the same materials and under the same specifications
as the said highway to run to the vicinity of Hoover Dam, provided such strip so constructed 
on said portion of Fremont Street and Fremont Street as extended to said easterly limits
of the City of Las Vegas to be constructed under Federal Aid, and the City pledges itself
to raise the funds to pay for such surveys, engineering work and construction of said
highway on said protion of Fremont Street as shall properly be chargeable to said City
under the regulations of the United States and of said State Highway Department relating
to Federal Aid roads, highways or streets in incorporated cities.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby auth-
orized to execute such further memorandum of agreement with said St te highway Depart-
ment of the State of Nevada to carry out the intent of this Resolution as said State
Highway Department may reasonably require.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this Resolution be furnished to
said State Highway Department.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows Commissioners Hansell, and Smith and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to act for the Finance Commissioner
due to the absence of Finance Commissioner German.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 15th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 15th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioner of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Hansell together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Smith.

At this time the Board again considered the matter of the proposed street improve-
ments, and several citizens appeared before the Board protesting said improvements.

After some discussion upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner
German it was moved that 51% of the property owners in said districts did not sign the pro-
test petitions.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye
Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following Res-
olution was duly adopted:

Resolved that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas abandon the four
improvement districts that have been up for consideration at this and previous meetings
as a number of property owners both by petition and appearing in person before the Board
protest against said improvements at the present time, and as the district is very large,
and the need a of sewer system being paramount at this time,

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners German, and Hansell voting
Aye. His Honor the Mayor voting No.

A letter from Miss Frazier, Supt. of schools was read to the Board asking that
the Board of Commissioner have the crewfew law enforced. Chief of Police Nash was directed
to have the curfew bell rang at nine each night and to diesct to the officers on the Police
force to see that children were not allowed to loiter on the streets after that hour.

A letter from the County Clerk was read to the Board asking that the Police Officers
call the City Health Doctor for the prisoners and not the County Health Doctor. Mr. Nash
explained to the Board that the only time he had called the County Doctor was for the care
of indigents who were not in the City Jail. The City Attorney F.A. Stevens was directed to
write the County Board of Commissioners to that effect.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 19th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 19th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 19th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, German, Thomas and Hansell together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the gaming application of J.R. Boyer for the operation of two gaming
tables at 225 No. First street was presented to the Board. Same being approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner Thomas, and being accompanied by $150.00.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Mayor Hesse it was moved that the
license be granted.

Vote on said motion was was follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Commissioners German, and Hansell voting no. Said application granted
by a vote of three in favor of and two against the granting of said license.

A committee from the American Legion appeared before the Board at this time in re-
gard to the building of a building on the park site to be used as city offices and rooms
for the Legion and general assembly hall. The committee was composed of Sam Shaw, Dr. Smith
W.L. Scott, A.E. Cahlan, A.R. Thompson.

At this time no action was taken, and the City Attorney was directed to look into the
legallity of the plans.

A letter from the Benham Engineering Company was read to the Board. Mr. Benham stated
he would like to appear before the Board at an early date and make arrangements for the trans-
fer of the contract held between the City of Las Vegas end Koebig and Koebig. The Clerk was
instructed to wire Mr. Benham and inform him that the Board would meet with him any time he
found convenient to be in the City.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, Prescribing Conditions, Requirements, and
Regulations for the Operation of Certain Vehicles over the paved Streets of the City of Las
Vegas, and Providing Penalties for the Violation of this Ordinance," was read to the Board
for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 20th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 20th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 20th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Cterk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved as read.

The Board at this time discussed the business of drilling a well on the park site.

No action was taken on this matter at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 21st day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 21st, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 21st day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, German, Thomas together with the City attor-
ney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved to
transfer $400.00 from the Publicity Fund to the General Fund. Said $400.00 had been borrowed
from the Publicity Fund from the General Fund several month previous.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. J.P. King was present at the meeting and presented figures for the estimated cost
of drilling a well on the City parksite.

Mr. Stevens, City Attorney was directed to draw up a contract between the City of
Las Vegas, and Terry Diskin for the drilling of the well.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 27th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 23rd, 1931.

SPECIAL CALLED MEETING.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Thomas together with the City Attorney
and Clerk. Commissioner Hansell arriving late.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Viola Burns:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
to be held at the Board room of the said Board in the County Commissioners' Room in the County
Court House in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Friday the 23rd,
day of January 1931, at the hour of eight o'clock P.M., to consider and act upon the follow-
ing business, to-wit:
To consider and provide for the assignment of the sewer contract, held
by Koebig and Koebig, to Webster L. Benham, and other matter relating to
sewerage matters.

To consider and act upon the matter of approving or disapproving plat
of subdivision known as Auto Park Tract heretofore submitted to this Board.

You will give notice of this meeting pursuant to this call.

Dated January 23, 1931.

J.F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To J. F. Hesse, Mayor, and to Commissioners O.J. Smith, C. German, L.B. Hansell,
and R. W. Thomas:

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued
by J. F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a special meeting of the Board of
Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board room of said Board in the
County Commissioners' Room in the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, on Friday the 23rd day of January, 1931, at the hour of eight o'clock

P.M., to consider and act upon the following business, to-wit:

To consider and provide for the assignment of the sewer contract, held by Koebig and

Koebig, to Webster L. Benham, and other matters relating to sewerage matters.

To consider and act on the matter of approving or disapproving plat of subdivision

known as Auto Park Tract, heretofore submitted to this Board.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated January 23rd, 1931.

Viola Burns

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned, hereby acknowledge due service of the foregoing notice on
this 23rd day of January 1931, and also certify that O.J. Smith Commissioner in not in the
City of Las Vegas on this date and that his whereabouts cannot at this time be readily
obtained and L.B. Hansell is out of the County of Clark at this time.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 23rd day of January 1931.

J.F. Hesse	W. C. German

Mayor	R. W. Thomas

L.B. Hansell

Commissioners.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Board of City Commissioners approved the plat of "AutoPark Tract," same being in proper
form, and approved by the City Planing Commission, That the Mayor J.F. Hesse approve same in
writing on map of plat and be attest by the Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner Hansell had not arrived at this time.

Mr. Webster L. Benham, of the Benham Engineering Company appeared before the Board at
this time inregards to the transferring of the contract held between the City of Las Vegas,
and the firm of Koebig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers of Los Angeles, for sewer improvements.

No decision being reached the Board recessed until Saturday the 24th day of January
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Saturday the 24th day of January Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas Hansell,
German, and the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

The Board went at once into the matter of transferring the above mentioned contract.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, the firm of Koebig & Koebig, engineers, was employed for certain engineering
work by contract with the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, dated September 27, 1929: and

WHEREAS, said firm has requested that the City consent to a transfer of said contract
to Webster L. Benham, consulting engineer, and said Webster L. Benham is hereby found to be
a competent and qualified engineer: and

WHEREAS, this Board appreciates the services the said firm has rendered to the City of
Las Vegas, and that this transfer is to be made without prejudice to their reputation as
engineers and without refection on the firm of Koebig and Koebig:

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, that he said City does hereby consent to the transfer of the said contract
to said Webster L. Benham, and it is hereby directed that the Mayor and the City Clerk of this
City endorse such consent to transfer in writing upon such contract in accordance with the
terms of this Resolution.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that before such transfer shall become effective the said
Koebig & Koebig shall execute and deliver to said City of Las Vegas a full release of any and
all claims, demands and liabilities whatsoever against the said City by reason of the execut-
ion of said contract or by reason of any services heretofore performed by said firm there-
under, or otherwise.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that before said transfer shall be effective the said Web-
ster L. Benham shall enter into an agreement in writing, supplemental to and as a part of
said agreement of date September 27, 1929, upon the terms and conditions embraced in a draft
of such supplemental agreement presented to the Board of Commissioners of said City on this
24th day of January, 1931, which draft of supplemental agreement has thereon the initials of
the City Clerk of said City on behalf of said City and the initials of said Webster L. Ben-
ham, on his own behalf, for the purpose of identification of the terms of the proposed
supplemental agreement.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk furnish to said Koebig and Koebig and
to said Webster L. Benham a certified copy of this Resolution under the seal of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and
German, and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 27th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and Smith together with the Citv
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of recessed regular meetings held on the 20th and 21st of January and a Special
Called meeting held on the 23rd day of January and recessed until the 24th day of January
read and approved as read.

further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 30th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 30th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Law
Vegas, held on the 30th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and Smith together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Commissioners Thomas was appointed by the Mayor to approve claims that were presented to
the Board for payment at this time, due to the absence of Finance Commissioner German.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
Board approve the amended plat of Auto Park Site same to be signed by the Maor and, and attest
by the Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
Board ratify the execution of the agreement between the City of Las Vegas, and Terry Deskins
for the drilling of a well on the park site. Said agreement was delivered to said parties
January 28th, 1931.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.
The gaming applications of Jack Butler and Chas. E. Taylor Co. were brought before
the Board for consideration. These application were not approved by the Police and Fire Com-
missioner.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that a license for the operation of two gaming tables to Jack Butler at 110 South First Street
be refused.		

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that a license for the operation of two gaming tables to the Chas. E. Taylor Company be re-
fused.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the sum of $1500.00 be transferred from the Water Sewer and Light Fund to the General
Fund. Same being the amount that had been transferred to the Water Sewer and Light Fund some
tine previous to be replaced when the taxes were in.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of the City paying for the insurance on the car of Lloyd S. Payne,

City Electrical Inspector was next brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the City pay the insurance premium on the car of the City Electrical Inspector. Said
premium to be $67.00, and taken out of the General Fund of the City. Vote on said Motion
was as follows. Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 3rd day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 3rd 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 3rd day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of January 27th and 30th read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
motion passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 30th
day of January be rescinded as Commissioner Hansell had seconded said motion under a misappre-
hension as to the location of the place of business.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, Hansell, and German,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
Commissioner Thomas be given until Thursday the 5th day of February to investigate the com-
plaints against the conducting of a restaurant in the gaming rooms of the said Jack Butler,
and that Commissioner have his report ready to had to the Board when they met in a regular
session Thursday the 5th day of February.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell, and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Paul Hosman, City Building Inspector appeared before the Board and explained to them
why he did not pass on the building blocks being made and used by Mr. Lela. At Mr. Lela's ex-
pense he would send five (5) of said blocks into a laboratory for testing.

A letter from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce was read to the Board inviting them
to attend the Annual Meeting of the Chamber of Commerce to be held on the 4th day of Feb-
ruary and to delegate one of their members to five a short address on the objectives for the
year 1931. Commissioner L.B. Hansell was appointed to represent the Board at this meeting.

Paul Hosman, was directed to prepare some plans and specifications for the building
on a room on the east side of the Library to be used as a room for the Clerk's Office, and
present same to the Board for its approval at an early date.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

February 5th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Smith and German together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Monies received for the month of January as follows:

$4150.85 Licenses, Fees.

241.00	Municipal Court Fines.

4391.85 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows;

$2,000.00 General Fund.

2,328.85 Police and Fire Fund.

______63.00 Water Sewer and Light Fund.

4,391. 85

The Clerk was directed to Transfer $1,156.43 from the Sewer Bond Inst. Fund to the
Sewer Bond Redemption Fund, and $369.85 from the Sewer Bond Inst. Fund to the Water Sewer
and Light Fund. The funds of the Sewer BOnd Inst. and the Sewer Bond Redemption Funds being
closed as the final bonds had been redeemed and the interest paid on all bonds of said
series.

All reports approved by the Mayor and filed in the office of the Clerk.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 6th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 6th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Held on the 6th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Hansell together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and German.

Commissioner Hansell being Present the bills of the Water Sewer and Light Department
were approved and Commissioner Smith was appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills as
Finance Commissioner owning to the absence of Finance Commissioner German.

City Building Inspector Paul Hosman being present the Board entered into a discussion
of the plans for the additions to the Library to be known as the "City Hall."

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 9th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 9th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 9th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

Minutes of meetings of February 3rd, 5th and 6th read and approved as read.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the sum of $2,500.00 be transferred to the Police and Fire Fund from the General Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to draw a warrant on the Police and Fire Fund for the amount
of $2,470.00 made payable to the American LaFrance and Foamite Corp; to cover the second
payment on the American LaFrance Fire truck purchased by the City of Las Vegas from said
company. Said claim was approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas, and Commissioner
Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to approve same as Finance Commissioner due to the
absence of Finance Commissioner German, claim also approved by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the plans and specifications as prepared by the City Building Inspector Paul Hosman for
the additions to the Library to be used as and office for the City Clerk and Board Room
for the Board of Commissioners be approved by this Board.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was instructed to write to the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce and
ask that that honorable body appoint a committee to meet with the Board of Commissioners
Wednesday the 11th day of February at the Hour of three o'clock P.M. to discuss ways and
means to finance the proposed sewer system and disposal plant.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 10th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 10th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 10th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioners German and Hansell.

At this time the Board considered the matter of not allowing encroachments on Fremont
Street from its intersection with Fifth Street to the east City Limits. 

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly passed:

WHEREAS, the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of constructing a
portion of State Highway Route No. 5 within the City of Las Vegas, from the Southeast City
Limits extending along Fremont Street to a junction with the State Route No. 6 of Fifth
Street, and

WHEREAS, The Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of receiving Federal
Aid for the improvement of said highway, and

WHEREAS, The Bureau of Public Roads of the Department of Agriculture of the United
States of America will not participate in the construction of said highway until and unless
the City of Las Vegas will agree to refrain from permitting encroachments upon right of way
of said above mentioned street,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, By the City Council of the City of Las Vegas that for and
in consideration of the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public
Roads, Department of Agriculture, constructing said highway, it hereby agrees with the said
Department of Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public Roads, Department of Agri-
culture, that it will not, in the future, permit encroachments on the right of way of said
above mentioned street.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed	four certified copies of said Resolution to Mr. C.C.

Boyer, Division Engineer, State Highway Department.

At this time the Board of Commissioners opened the bids for the building of an
addition to the Library. Bids were received from the following contractors; Gartside and
Rouff, E.E. Strupat, H.R. Adams, Sam Shaw and Desert Construction Co;

The Contract was not awarded at this time, and the City Attorney was directed to
prepare a form of agreement and present same to the Board at its next recessed meeting.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNT, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 11th, 1931.



Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 11th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith: it was moved
and carried that the contract for the erection of an addition to the City Library, to be
used as an office for the City Clerk be let to Sam J. Shaw Jr. for the sum of $2,175.00,
and the the form of contract presented to the Board of Commissioners by the City Attorney
be accepted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, German and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioners Hansell it was
moved and carried that the City of Las Vegas enter into a contract with Sam J. Shaw Jr.
for the erection of the above mentioned addition and that the contract be signed by the
Mayor J.F. Hesse, and attest by the City Clerk under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, and
that the Board of Commissioners approve the bond of said Sam J. Shaw Jr. for the sum of
Two Thousand Dollars. That the City Building Inspector Paul Hosman shall act as inspector
for the City of Las Vegas under this contract.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas Hansell German and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time a committee from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce meet with the
Board of Commissioners in regards to the financing of the proposed sewer system and dis-
posal plant. The Committee from the Chamber of Commerce was composed of A.W. Ham, A.E.

Cahlan and R. L. Adamson. S.R. Whitehead, former Clark County Recorder and F.C. Devinney
Clark County Assessor meet with the Board at this time in regards to the City portion of
income from taxes.

No decision was reached at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 18th day of February at the hour of ten o'clock P.M. to meet in a joint
session with the Public School Board, and the Board of County Commissioners in regards to
the budgets for the coming year.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 11th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Meeting at the hour of ten o'clock was postponed until the hour of two o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 18th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 18th day of February 1931 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

This meeting was held jointly with the Clark County Board of Commissioners and the
School Board of the City of Las Vegas to go over the budget appropriations for the respective
Boards for the coming year.

No definite action was taken at this time.

The meeting recessed until Thursday the 19th day of February 1931 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
FEBRUARY 19th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and German and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Smith and City Attorney Stevens.

At this time the members of the Board entered into a discussion of the City Budget.

City Electrical Inspector Payne and Sam. J. Shaw contractor for the new office for the
Clerk and Commissioners were present and plans were made for the installation of the lights
and outlets in the new building.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Tuesday the 24th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 24th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 24th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and City Attorney and Deputy
City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Smith and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that a gaming license for the operation of two tables be granted to Jack Butler. Said appli-
cation being approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas and being accompanied by One
Hundred Fifty Dollars the amount of license being required.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to act as Finance Commissioners

due to	 the absence of Finance Commissioner German. Said Bill to be approved was that of

Sam J. Shaw for $800.00 first payment on building for Clerk's office to be due when walls
were erected, and said walls were in place on this date.

The bid of Leo Roth of the L.V. Mercantile Co; was accepted for office furniture.

An Ordinance regulating dry cleaning establishments in the City of Las Vegas was
next considered.

No further business a pearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed

until	Friday the 27th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 27th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time the Finance commissioner German presented to the Board for its approval
the budget for the year 1931.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the budget for the year 1931 be adopted as presented to the Board, and a copy of said Budget
be induced in the minutes of this meeting.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, end Smith and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.
( COPY OF BUDGET)

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 192_

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the Year ending

December 31, 1932, as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.

Indicates totals for all bonds and interest.

Cash on hand, January 1, 1931	$75,800.37

Balance Due from second half Taxes, 1930 	28,570.03

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures
of the City of Las Vegas, for the current years as required by Section 9, Chapter 42, Laws
of Nevada, 1923.

Attest:

Viola Burns	(Signed) J. F. Hesse

City Clerk	Mayor.

Dated February 27th, 1931.

The Clerk was directed to deliver a copy of the Budget to the Board of County Com-
missioners, to have budget published once a week for two consecutive weeks in a newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, and to send a copy of said Budget to the State
Board of Finance.

The matter of the tax levy was next brought before the Board of Commissioners and upon
motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German the following Resolution was duly
adopted and unanimously carried:

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.156 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.086 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the General Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.063 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be know as and used as the Police and Fire Fund.
RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.320 , on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as
is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Street Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.271, on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to known as and used as the Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.020, on ech one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,

and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Library Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.264, on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Bond Interest Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.120 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except property as is

exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Bond Redemption Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.010 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds from the mines, except such property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Cemetery Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.040 one each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds from the mines, except such property

as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

The vote on the said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes none.

The Plat of Highland Park subdivision was presented to the Board for its approval. Same
being approved by the City Planning Commission.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
Board of Commissioners approve said plat of Highland Park as presented to the Board by A.R.
Thompson, Engineer. Same to bear the signature of the Mayor as approval and attest by the
City Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith and German and His Honor
the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Noe further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 2nd day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

March 2nd, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held in the office of
the Mayor on Monday the 2nd day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Thomas and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell and City Attorney Stevens.

Terry Deskins, drilling the new well on the park site appeared before the Board at this
time, and agreed to drill the one hundred feet of the well from 500 feet to 600 feet for $280.00
equal to the rate of $40.00 per day, and to drill the remainder of the well or until told to
cease operations at the rate of $4.00 per foot.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 5th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held in the temporary office of the Clerk in the office of the Clark County Treasurer Thurs-
day the 5th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Thomas and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the clerk

Upon motion of Commissioner L.B. Hansell, seconded by Commissioner R. W. Thomas, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, pursuant and in strict compliance with the provisions and authority of the
constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including the provisions of an Act of the Sen-
ate and Assembly of the State of Nevada, entitled: "An Act authorizing the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, to issue bonds to provide for the
construction or reconstruction of a highway from Fifth Street in said city along Fremont
Street therein to the easterly limit of said City under federal aid, providing for the re-
imbursement of said city for the cost of said highway by the levy and collection of special
assessments against the land abutting on such improvement, and other matters relating thereto,"
approved February 6th, 1931, the City of Las Vegas was authorized to issue its bonds in a
sum not to exceed Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) for the purpose of providing funds for
the construction or reconstruction of a highway with federal aid from the easterly limit
of the intersection of Fremont street and Fifth street in said City of Las Vegas, running
thence along said Fremont Street as laid out and extended in and easterly direction to the
easterly boundary of said City of Las Vegas: and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deem it advisable for the
best interest of the City of Las Vegas that it offer for sale at this time Las Vegas Highway
Bonds (1931 series) in the sum of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) as authorized by said
above-mentioned Act;

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESERVED that pursuant to and in compliance with the provisions
and authority of said above-mentioned Act, it be and is hereby ordered that prior to the
first day of July 1, 1931, bonds of the City of Las Vegas in an aggregate amount of not to
exceed Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00), exclusive of interest, for the purpose of pro-
viding funds for the construction and/or reconstruction of a highway with federal aid
from the easterly limit of the intersection of Fremont street and Fifth street in said City
of Las Vegas, running thence along said Fremont Street as laid out and extended in an east-
erly direction to the easterly boundary of said City of Las Vegas, be prepared and ready
for issuance; that said bonds as so prepared shall be each in the sum of One Thousand
Dollars ($1,000.00), numbered from one (1) to ten (10) consecutively, and shall bear in-
terest at the rate to be fixed by bid of the successful bidder for said bonds, but not to
exceed the rate of six per centum per annum, from the date thereof, payable semi-annually
on the first day of July and the second day of January of each year, payable at the office
of the City Treasurer of said City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada;
that said bonds shall be designated "Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1931 Series)" and shall be
dated January 1, 1931, and that said bonds shall be negotiable coupon bonds and shall
mature and become payable as follows: Bonds Nos. 1 and 2, to become due and payable on or
before the second day of January, 1932: bonds Nos. 3 and 4 to become due and payable on or

before the 2nd day of January, 1933; bonds Nos. 5 and 6 to become due and payable on or

before the second day of January 1934: bonds Nos. 7 and 8 to become due and payable on or
before the 2nd day of January 1935; bonds Nos. 9 and 10 to become due and payable on or
before the 2nd day of January, 1936.

The payment and redemption of said bonds will be in the order of their issuance,
the lowest to be the first paid and redeemed, and so on until the whole amount of said bonds
shall have been paid and redeemed.

Each of said bonds shall have coupons attached, so that the same may be removed with-
out injury thereto, representing each interest installment to the date of maturity of the
principal.

It is hereby provided and it shall be provided in said bonds that the right is re-
served	to the maker of this series of bonds, at its option to pay all or any of said bonds

from time to time outstanding and unpaid by the payment of the principal thereof and the in-
terest thereon to date of redemption and upon giving notice in accordance with the provisions
of this Resolution. Whenever there shall be on deposit with the City Treasurer in the funds
provided in said Act of February 6, 1931 sufficient moneys applicable to the redemption of
said bonds or any of them together with the accrued interest thereon and the Board of Com-
missioners of said City shall desire to redeem said bonds or any of them, such Board shall
by Resolution fix a date for such redemption and cause to be published, in at least one
newspaper in said City of Las Vegas once a week for two successive weeks preceding such
date, a notice of its intention to so pay and redeem said bonds, or a part thereof, specify-
ing therein the number of the particular bonds to be paid and redeemed, or such notice may
be served on the holder or holders of such bonds or any of them in person without such pub-
lication and without providing for the two weeks period of publication to elapse, but in
such notice so personally to be served the date of redemption shall be specifically stated
and provided. If any holder of the bonds so called for redemption does not present his or
her bonds for payment on the date named the City Treasurer shall retain the proportion of
the fund represented by such bond or Bonds as a special trust fund for the payment of such
bonds or bond and shall pay over the same to the lawful holder thereof on presentation at
any time thereafter. Both principal and interest of said bonds shall be payable in Gold
Coin of the United States of America, at present standard, at the office of the City Treasurer
of the City of Las Vegas, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.
Interest on said bonds shall cease as the same mature or are paid respectively before date
of maturity, and shall cease on date set for redemption after notice as above provided, as
to the bonds noticed to be redeemed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said bonds and coupons with the necessary variations
as to numbers and maturities, shall be in substantially the following forms, respectively,
to-wit:
(Form of Bond)

"No.______ UNITED STATES OF AMERICA	$1000.00

STATE OF NEVADA
COUNTY OF CLARK
LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS
(1931 Series)

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation,
duly organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada, acknowledges itself to
be indebted and for value received hereby promises to pay to the bearer on or before the

__________ day of _________, 19_____, the principal sum of One Thousand Dollars, together

with interest thereon from date until paid, at the rate of____________________(___%) per

annum, payable semi-annually on or before the first day of July and the 2nd day of January
of each year, which interest to the date of the maturity of the principal is evidenced by
and payable upon presentation and surrender of the annexed interest coupons as they severally
become due. The right is reserved to the maker of the series of bonds, of which this bond
is one, at its option to pay all or any of said bonds from time to time outstanding and
unpaid by the payment of the principal thereof and the interest thereon to date of redempt-
ion and upon giving notice in accordance with the provisions of that certain resolution
adopted by the -Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 5th day of
March, 1931 as the same appears of record in Book Three pages 145, 146, and 147 Minutes of
said Board in the custody of the City Clerk of said City. Interest on this bond shall cease
on the date when the bond becomes due and payable or on date noticed for redemption or is
paid, as aforesaid. Both principal and interest on this bond are payable in Gold Coin of the
United States of America, at the present standard, at the office of the City Treasurer, in
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and for the prompt payment of the
principal and interest of these bonds as they respectively become due, or are payable, the
full faith, credit and resources of said City are hereby irrevocably pledged.

This bond is one of a series of like date, tenor and amount but different maturities
issued for the purpose of providing funds for the construction or reconstruction of a high-
way with federal aid from the easterly limit of the intersection of Fremont Street and
Fifth street in said City of Las Vegas, running thence along said Fremont street as laid out
and extended in an easterly direction to the easterly boundary of said City of Las Vegas,
and pursuant to a Resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of said City of
Las Vegas on the 5th day of March 1931, and proceedings of said Board of City Commissioners
duly passed and adopted, and is authorized by and issued in full conformity with the re-
quirements of the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada, including said above-
mentioned Act, approved February 6th, 1931, and all acts of the Legislature amendatory
thereof and supplemental thereto.

It is further certified and recited that all acts, conditions and things required
by the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada to exist, happen and to be performed
precedent to and in the issuance of these bonds, have existed happened and have been per-
formed in regular and due form, time and manner as required by law, and that the amount
of this bond, together with all other indebtedness of said City does not exceed any 
constitutional or statutory limitation.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said Board of City Commissioners of said City have caused
this bond to be signed by the Mayor of said City, countersigned by the City Treasurer, and
authenticated by the seal of said City, and the interest coupons hereto annexed to be
authenticated with the lithographed facsimile signatures of the said Mayor and the City
Treasurer, and this bond to be dated the 1st day of January, 1931.

(Form of Coupon)

No. _______$______

On the first day of July (2nd day of January), 19______________ The City of Las Vegas, in

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer____________________Dollars, in gold coin

of the United States of America, at present standard, at the office of the City Treasurer,
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semi-annual interest then due on its Las Vegas
Highway Bond, dated January 1, 1931, Series 1931. Interest on said bond shall cease on the
date when said bond becomes due and payable or is paid if paid before maturity.

Interest payable only to date of redemption. See Terms of bond.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized and directed to
sign, and the Clerk of this Board be and she is hereby authorized and directed to attest and
cause to be published at least once a week for four consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas
Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and published in said County of Clark and in said City
of Las Vegas, the same being a newspaper of general circulation, a notice of the sale of
said Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1931 Series), such notice to be in substantially the follow-
ing form, to-wit:

"NOTICE OF SALE OF LAS VEGAS HIGHWAY BONDS"

(1931 Series)

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, will receive bids until 3 o'clock P.M. on the 8th day of April 1931, for the
purchase of Ten (10) bonds of the Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1931 Series). Said Bonds consist
of ten (10) bonds in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, of which two
(2) bonds on the denomination of one thousand dollars each will be payable in five annual
installments, commencing on the 2nd day of January, 1932. Said bonds will bear interest at
a rate not exceeding six per centum per annum, payable semi-annually, and will bear date
January 1, 1931. The principal of each of said bonds is payable on or before its due date.
Interest on each of said bonds shall cease on the date when the bond becomes due and is pay-
able or is paid, and in retiring each of said bonds the interest shall be payable only to
the date of the retirement of said bonds respectively.

Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accom-
panied by a deposit of five per cent either cash or certified check payable to the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the
bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the pur-
chase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the
amount of his or its deposit will be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event
said Board of Commissioners will elect whether or not it will accept the bid of the one
making the next best bid. If there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best
received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said Board of Commissioners will de-
termine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Highway Bonds
(1931 Series)" and be addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas,

Nevada. Bids will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 8th day of April 1931,
at 3 o'clock P.M. at the regular meeting place of said Board in the Board of Commissioners
Room at the Public Library building in said City of Las Vegas. Bidders shall submit a
bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par, at which
such bidder will purchase said bonds: or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the
bidder will purchase said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the
best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all bids and
readvertise. None of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued interest, and no
discount or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this 5th day of March, 1931.

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Wednesday the 8th day of April 1931, at three
o'clock P.M. be and the same is hereby fixed as the time for the opening of such bids.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby ordered and
directed to mail or cause to be mailed to the Secretary of the State Board of Finance
a copy of said notice within the time and the manner required by law.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby ordered
and directed to communicate with various printing establishments for the purpose of
securing prices for the printing of said bonds.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners L.B. Hansell,

R. W. Thomas, O.J. Smith and W.C. German and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting aye.

Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 9th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 9th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
hold on the 9th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M. in the new office of the
City Clerk and Board of Commissioners Room.
Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and Smith together with the City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and German and City Attorney Stevens.

Due to the absence of Commissioner German, Finance Commissioner Mayor Hesse
appointed Commissioner Thomas to act as Finance Commissioner and approve balance of claims
against the City for the month of February.

Moneys received for the month of February as follows;

$878.90 City Licenses, fees, and sale of cemetery lots.

805.00	Municipal Court Fines.

1,683.90	Total.

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$1,000.00	Police and Fire Fund

145.00	Cemetery Fund

65.50	Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

473.40	General Fund.

1,683.90

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
Cliff Whitmore be hired as a janitor for the Clerk's Office and Commissioners Room at $20.00
per month. Said amount to be paid out of the General Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 10th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 10th 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 10th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and German and City Attorney Stevens.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 11th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 11th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 11th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German and Thomas and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and Hansell and City Attorney Stevens.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 12th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 12th, 1931.

At a Recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 12th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time the Board took up the matter of providing for the General City Elect-
ion, to be held on the 5th day of May, 1931, for the purpose of electing two commissioners
and a Mayor for the City of Las Vegas. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Smith seconded
by Commissioners Thomas, the following Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS under the provisions of Section 3, of Chapter 2, of the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada in the year
1929 a General City Election must be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in
May, 1931, and it appearing therefrom that such election should be called and prepared for,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a General City Election be, and the same is hereby
ordered to be held in said City of Las Vegas on said 5th day of May, 1931 for the purpose
of electing a Mayor and two commissioners, namely a Commissioners of Class 1 and a Commission-
er of Class Three, at the places hereinafter set forth:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of
said Section 3 of Chapter 11 of said Charter of said City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1923,
said City of Las Vegas be, and it hereby is, divided into nine election precincts, as
follows:

PT^iuet;No'kl.Whaeht;is h&undad. on 5R0 South by Fremont Street, on the west by the
Union PacifiorRailro5^^rackstito,Ranthr Clty limits;C-boundadtpn the east by Third street from
Fremont StP3e&jto? 'SteiwtSQg&ree&i itheogLa-, along:	thrt Street and from thence

north on FifthjjStreet jxn ,nori^^ityuLimi,tsil-rl St. no.ur H-Jn St;

Praag.aa%tNco.%,5 w&iChris.: bounded on-theu East by 'ihird.,&traet^t'OiL1tjie north by Fremont
Street, on .thersou^h by Brrdger &tpeat, on the west by thewas^ City limits including Union
Pacific sho.R-ggghty&Edogrounds...	j -cl * h Fifth St;

P2aai.ap%t3 which Asi hounded on:-,the: north .byrd&d-RgBF Street, on the east by
Third Streetjc&Rcthe sphthtby.uClark-Street, and pn thee west by the Union Pacific R.R.Tracks.

Precinct No.4, which is bounded on the north by Clark Street on the east by Third
Street, onthe south by Garces Street, on the west by the Union Pacific R.R. tracks.

Precinat No. 5, which is bounded on the south by Fremont Street, thence running north
on Seventh Street from Fremont Street to south line of Union Pacific grounds thence back to
State Street in Stewart addition; thence north to Crosiant thence back along Crosiant Street
to east City Limits: thence northerly to north City limits thence west along north City limits
to Fifth	Street; thence	south on Fifth Street to	Stewart	Street thence	west on Stewart	Street

to Third	Street; thence	south on Third Street to	Fremont	Street.

Precinct No 6	which is bounded on the	west by	ihird Street,	on the south by	Bridger

Street, and the extention ^thereof to Charleston Blvd; thence along Chareston Boulevard thence
to east City limits; thence north along east City limits to Crossiant Street; thence west
along Corssiant Street to State Street; Thence south on State Street to southeast corner
of Union Pacific Grounds; thence west tp Seventh Street; thence south on Seventh Street
to Fremont Street; thence west on Fremont Street to Third Street, thence south on Third
Street to Fremont Street.

Precinct No. 7 which is bounded on the north by Bridger Street, and extention thereof
to Charleston Boulevard;.on the west by Third Street, on the south by Garces Street, and
Charleston Boulevard.

Precinct No.8, which is bounded on the north by Garces Street, and Charleston
Boulevard; on the east by the east City limits; and on the south by the south City limits;
on the west by the west City limits;

Precinct No. 9, which is bounded on the north by the north City limits, on the
east by the Union Pacific R.R. tracks; on the south by ^lark Ave; on the west by the west
City limits.

The boundaries of each of the said precincts are more fully shown on map thereof
on file with the County Clerk, of Clark County, Nevada, to which reference is hereby
had and mad$3

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the polling places in said election precincts shall
be established as follows:

No.l at the Fire House.

No. 2, at the Library Building.

No.3, at Montana House, 305 South Main St;

No.4, At Clark Garage, Clark Street near main St;

No.5, Lou Martin Garage, Ogden near Fourth Street.

No.6, L.D.S. Church, Sixth and Carson Streets.

No.7, at Juinor High School

No.8, F. A. Gibson Garage, Fourth and Garces Streets.

No. 9, Mankewiecz Store Bldg; Westside.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the inspectors and clerks of said election precincts
shall be as follows, to-wit:
Precinct No. 1, voting Board
Inspectors:

Agnes A. Watters
E.E. Casey
Catherine Riggen
Clerks:

Stella Stroller
Florence Mc Clintock

Precinct No. 2, voting Board
Inspectors:

Luetta Gill
Minerva Hanford
Josephine Johnson
Clerks:

Nellie Lake
Annie B. Dotson

Precinct No. 3, voting Board
Inspectors:

Grace Colville
Sarah Furlong
Minnie Woodard
Clerks:

Elizabeth Froman
Eloda Pickett

Precinct No. 4, voting Board
Inspectors:

Callie J. Paulus
Agnes M. Mott
Mamie Croal
Clerks:

Mrs. C. S. Bradford
La Verna Whipple

Precinct No. 5, voting Board
Inspectors:

Eva W. King
Wanda Farrow
Emily Ball
Clerks:

Leona May
Daisy Nungesser

Precinct No. 6, voting Board
Inspectors:

Delphine Squires
Marie Ogle
Elizabeth Pembroke
Clerks:

Mary J. Lodwick
Sadie Younce

Precinct No. 7, voting Board
Inspectors:

Anna L. Pieffer
Leadith Fulton
Ruth Cahlan
Clerks:

Josie Thompson
Daisy Kramer

Precinct No. 8, voting Board
Inspectors:

Clara Wadsworth
Ethel Mackey
Effie Deadrich
Clerks:

Bertha M. Bailey
Julia F. Cahlan

Precinct No. 9, voting Board
Inspectors:

Miss Susanna Mankiewicz
W. E. Reeder
Caroline Carroll
Clerks:

Holmes L. Warren
Mrs. Perry Young

Precinct No. 1 counting Board.
Inspectors:

Flossie A. Wasden
Mabel Ingram
Ida Frehner Miller
Clerks:

Bessie Burkhart
Dorothy Roth

Precinct No. 2, counting Board
Inspectors:
Perle Brown
Kate Santongue
Pearle Payne
Clerks:

Mary Taylor
Donna Honrath

Precinct No. 3, counting Board
Inspectors:

Geo. Hamilton
Le Prele Neagle
Bertha Levigne
Clerks:

Ethel M. Kent
Irene De Brink

Precinct No. 4, counting Board
Inspectors:

Lottie Mc Kenzie
Louise Conklin
Dave White
Clerks:

Hilda Pine
Bertha Montgomery

Precinct No. 5, counting Board
Inspectors:

Luella Mc Evoy
Mrs. Addie A. Bullett
Racie Goodwin
Clerks:

Marie Gilner
Lucile Zettler

Precinct No. 6, counting Board
Inspectors:

Gladys Stintson
Ethel Roberts
Elizabeth Carmichael
Clerks:

Alice Ryerse
Marjorie Pyeatt

Precinct No. 7, counting Board
Inspectors:

Mabel Butcher Grant
Gertrude Goumond
C. J. Harvey
Clerks:

Mabel Ayers
Lillian A. Duff

Precinct No. 8, counting Board
Inspectors:

Alice Henderson
Harriette Hemphill
Olive Eglington
Clerks:

Mrs. Billie Yates
C. E. Pembroke

Precinct No. 9, counting Board.
Inspectors:

Elizabeth Bailey
T. A. Peterson
Mrs. Inna McWilliams
Clerks:

C. V. T. Gilbert
Zetta Hidden

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that no candidate for office at such election shall be entitled
to have his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate shall, not more than
fifty days nor less than thirty days before the date of election, file in the office of the
City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a petition of nomination, in writing, contain-
ing the name of the person nominated, the office for which he is nominated, and setting
forth his qualifications as required by Section 6, of Chapter 11 of the City Charter of said
City of Las Vegas. Such petition shall be subscribed and sworn to by the candidate nominated;
and there shall be charged each candidate, for filing such petition of nomination, a fee of
$5.00, which shall be paid to the City Clerk at the time of filing and go to the General
Fund of said City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of said City be and she is hereby authorized
and directed to notify the County Clerk of Clark County, Nevada, to open registration for the
registration of voters of said City of Las Vegas for said General City election at the time
and in the manner provided by the laws of the State of Nevada, governing the registration of
voters, such registration to open on the 13th day of March, 1931 and close on the 14th day of
April, 1931.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the said City of Las Vegas be, and she
is hereby authorized and directed to have official ballots prepared and to do and preform
all such other or further acts, and give such notices as may be necessary or required by the
charter of said City or by the general election laws of the State of Nevada, in order that said
election may be called and held, and that the qualified voters of said City may have due notice
thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all the provisions of the general election laws of the
State of Nevada, so far as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with the said
City Charter of the said City of Las Vegas, shall be observed in conducting said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor, or Mayor Pro tem of said City of Las Vegas,
be and he is hereby authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the hold-
ing of said election, and that such proclamation contain the information necessary to fairly
apprize the qualified voters of said City of Las Vegas of the date, time and place of hold-
ing and purpose of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such proclamation be published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, State of Nevada, for one issue not less than six weeks prior to the date of such
election, and that printed copies of such proclamation be posted forthwith by the City
Clerk of said City in not less than three conspicuous places in each election precinct in
said City.

The ballot at such election shall contain such further questions as may properly
be submitted to the vote of the qualified electors of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith and

German and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of the locating of a Veteran's Hos-
pital and upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas the community of Las Vegas has solicited the establishment of a veterans
 hospital in or near the City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, as a necessary adjunct to such an institution it will be required that
a suitable road be built in said City leading to the site of said hospital,

Now Therefore, Be It Resolved, that this Board hereby pledges, the City of Las
Vegas to establish such suitable road leading to the site of said hospital if the
established in the City Limits, and leading to the said City Limits if said hospital is est-
ablished in Clark County, Nevada, outside of said City Limits.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday the 16th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 16th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Thomas.

The vacating of certain streets and portions of streets in Fairview Addition
was brought before the Board at this time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the follow-
ing Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, That certain map of Fairview Addition was executed and filed for record
in the office of the County Recorder of Lincoln County, Nevada, on July 10, 1905, and
recorded in Book A of Plats, page 11, Lincoln County, Nevada Records, and

WHEREAS, That certain map of Fairview Tract was executed and filed for record in
the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, April 12, 1911 and recorded
in Book 1 of Plats page 7, Clark County, Nevada Records, and

WHEREAS, Both of said above mentioned maps cover the same land, and

Whereas, The street and alleys shown and delineated on said map of Fairview
Tract has adequate and sufficient streets and alleys for the use of the property owners
in that section of the City and of the public, and that no use or necessity exists for the
streets as shown on Fairview Addition
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED: That the following streets, as shown in said Fairview
Addition, to-wit:

Stewart Street
Ogden Street
Fremont Street
Fairview Avenue
De-Kalb Avenue

and all alleys and other strips of land shown thereon as streets or alleys, BE and the same
are hereby VACATED AND ABANDONED.

PROVIDED, however, that nothing herein shall be deemed in any way abandon or effect
any of the streets or alleys of Fairview Tract, as shown by map of said Fairview Tract, on
file in Book 1 of Plats, Page 7, in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada

Vote bn said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Thomas arrived late.

Dr. J. D. Smith and Wm. L. Scott appeared before the Board at this time in regards
to the City giving a portion of its land for the Veterans Hospital that has been allocated
to the State of Nevada, should the City of Las Vegas be the site chosen for said hospital.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS the congress of the United States of America has allocated a Veteran's
Bureau Hospital to the State of Nevada and appropriated funds for construction of same,

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas is a desirable location for such a hospital in that
the climate, altitude, amount of annual rainfall, purity and sufficiency of water supply
of said city are ideal, and that said City is also situate on the main line of a transcont-
inental railway: on a transcontinental highway, and on a transcontinental air route, and

WHEREAS it has been demonstrated that due to the great distance that Las Vegas
issituate from Veteran's Bureau Hospitals and that there is an apparent lack of beds avail-
able in such hospitals and that therefore disabled ex-service men in this district are not
receiving the care to which they are entitled, and

WHEREAS the undesirable condition above described will be aggravated by the
large number of ex-service men to be employed on erection of Boulder Dam in the vicinity
of the said City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, a number of suitable hospital sites in and near the said City of Las
Vegas are available and have been offered without cost to the United States Veteran's
Bureau for hospital purposes, Now Therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, does hereby and herewith urge the proper governmental agencies to
inspect such sites and consider the desirability of Las Vegas and vicinity for the
erection of a Veteran's Bureau Hospital, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that in the event of the selection by the said Veteran's
Bureau of a site in Las Vegas or vicinity for such a hospital, that this Board does hereby
pledge itself for the construction and maintenance of suitable streets and roads from
existing streets in the City of Las Vegas to such site as may be chosen by the said Veteran's
Bureau insofar as necessary streets and roads shall lie within the limits of the said City
of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Board of City Commissioners does hereby
further pledge said Board and the City of Las Vegas to donate or cause to be donated the
necessary average for a suitable site for such hospital.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner leaving before vote was taken.

The Clerk was directed to send a certified copy to General Frank T. Hynes
Director Veteran's Bureau, Washington, D.C.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 25th day of March 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 25th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 25th day
of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time and Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance regulating dry cleaning plants
in the City of Las Vegas, providing penalties for the violation thereof, and other matters
relating thereto, and repealing allordinances, and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith,"
was read for the first time and laid over for a second reading.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance Regulating the Construction and Maintenance
of Garages, Filling Stations, and the Storage of Gasoline and other Inflammable Liquids and
High Explosives Within the City of Las Vegas, and Repealing all Ordinances and parts of
Ordinances in Conflict Therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a second
reading.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the Erection,
Construction, Enlargement, Alteration, Repair, Moving, Removal, Demolition, Conversion, Occu-
pancy, Equipment, Use High, Area, and Maintenance, of all buildings and/or structures in
the City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of Permits, and collection thereof; declar-
ing and establishing Fire Zones; Repealing Ordinances Nos. 144-27-59-61-72 of the City of
Las Vegas and all other Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

The resignation of the Deputy City Attorney Dan V. Noland was presented to the Board
for its consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
resolution was adopted:

Whereas Dan V. Noland, Deputy City Attorney for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has
voluntarily tendered his resignation as such officer and has requested the immediate
acceptance thereof,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved that the resignation of Mr. Noland be and the same is
hereby accepted, and his bondsmen are hereby relieved from further obligation on account
of the bond of said Deputy City Attorney.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time the Board Look up the matter of the City license on gaming tables in
the City of Las Vegas. No decision was reached at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 26th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 29th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Held on the 29th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, Smith and German, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

The plat of Williams Addition was presented to the Board for its approval. Same being
approved by the City Planning Commission.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the Plat of Williams Addition be approved, that same be signed by the Mayor, and attest by
the City Clerk under the Seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

The Plat of the the Rose Garden Addition was presented to the Board for its approval.
same being approved by the City Planing Commission.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
said Plat be approved, and that same be signed by the Mayor and attest by the City Clerk under
the Seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of providing for a drainage system for the southwest part of the City
was next brought before the Board for consideration. City Engineer Thompson was directed to
look into the matter and see what type of system could best be used in caring for the flood
waters during the rainy seasons.

The Board again considered that matter of setting the license on gaming tables
for the City of Las Vegas, but no decision was reached at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Saturday the 28 day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE. CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 28th, 1931.

a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 28th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Monday
the 30th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, City Of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

March 30th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 30th day of March 1931. at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas German Hansell and Smith to-
gether with the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the Board took up the matter of removing the "Welcoming Arch
across Fremont Street at Main Street as said arch was becoming a menace to the public.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner German the
following Resolution was duly passed:

Resolved, That the Commissioner of Streets and Public Places be and he
is hereby authorized to have taken down the arch across Fremont Street at its inter-
section with Main Street on such terms as he may deem advisable,

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German,

Hansell, Thomas and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of the passing of a new gam-
ing Ordinance and discussed the various ways in which the licenses might be granted.

After some discussion upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell
it was moved that the Board not grant gaming licenses unless the full Board was present
and said motion would have the full vote of the Board. The vote on said motion was as
follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell voting Aye. Commissioners German, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting NO.

At this time the matter of passing a gaming ordinance was brought before
the Board for its consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded By Commissioner Thomas the
following Resolution was passed and duly adopted:

Resolved, That an Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and op
operation of slot machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor
regulating the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor,
repealing Ordinances Nos. 77, 82, 88, 103, and 115 and all ordinances and parts of ordinances
in conflict therewith," be passed at this meeting as an emergency ordinance deeming that an
emergency exists for the collection of fees hereunder for the benefit of the City.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German,
Hansell, and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioners
German it was moved that an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation
of slot machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regul-
ating the same, fixing the amount of such licenses, providing a penalty therefor, repealing
Ordinances Nos. 77, 82, 88, 103, and 115, and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in con-
flict therewith, " be read for the first and second times at this meeting and passed as
an emergency ordinance.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, Thomas,
and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the above mentioned Ordinance was read for a first and second
time, and passed as an emergency ordinance by the following vote, Commissioners Thomas, Smith,
German, and Hansell voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance published in the Las Vegas
Age, a tri-weekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, for three issues,
one week, and that said Ordinance be in full force and effect from and after its complete
publication.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting

adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 2nd, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 2nd day of April, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

All reports approved and placed on file.

Commissioner Hansell appoint to approve the bills of the Finance Commission-
er, due to the absence of that officer.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the
office of the Clerk.

Monies received as follows:

$1,680.45 Cemetery Lots, Licenses, fees.

1,679.50	Municipal Court Fines.

3,359.95

Monies proportioned as follows:

$2,400.00 Police and Fire Fund.

155.50	W. S. & L. Fund.

120.00	Cemetery Fund.

684.45 General Fund.

3,359.95 Total.

A draft of an agreement between the City of Las Vegas, and the Department
of Highways State of Nevada coverning the maintenance of the three established
Federal Aid districts in the City of Las Vegas and the proposed highway from Fifth
and Fremont Streets to the east City Limits was presented to the Board for Its
consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolve that draft of agreement coverning the maintenance of the three est-
ablished Federal Aid Districts and the proposed Federal Aid project be approved, and that
the same be executed in quintuple on behalf of the City of Las Vegas by the Mayor
J.F. Hesse, Commissioners of Streets and Public Places O.J. Smith, and attest by the
City Clerk Viola Burns, under the seal of the City, and have same delivered to the
Department of Highways State of Nevada the party of the second part for execution
on its behalf. That a copy of the executed agreement be filed with the City Clerk.

The same to be effective on the first day of April 1931.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye.

Attorney Noland appeared before the -Board at this time in regard to the
passing of an ordinance regulating electrical workers, having been retained by a
number of the electricians of the City to draft an ordinance.

Commissioner Thomas moved that the ordinance entitled, " An Ordinance
to amend sections 3 and 9 and to repeal section 6 of Ordinance No. 161 entitled, "An
Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical installation, fixture, and con-
nection work and providing for the examination of persons engaged in the same, creating
a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fixtures and appliances, pro-
viding for the licensing of electrical workers, providing additional regulations for
electrical installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof and repealing
Ordinance No. 156 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the business
of doing electrical fixture and connection work providing for the examination of
persons engaged in the same, and creating an Examination Board, and providing a penalty
for the violation thereof', and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas
entitled 'An Ordinance Providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City
of Las Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof', and repealing all or-
dinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this ordinance.

The proposed ordinance then came up for discussion. No decision was reached.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday April 6th, 1931 the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 6th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 6th day of April 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.



Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and German together with the City
attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and Hansell.

At this time and ordinance entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas
regulating the erection, Construction, Enlargement, Alteration, Repair, Moving, removal,
Demolition, Conversion, Occupancy, Equipment, Use, Height, Area, and Maintenance, of all 
buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas providing for the issuance of Permits
and collection of fees therefor; providing penalties for the violation thereof; declaring
and establishing Fire Zones; Repealing Ordinances Nos. 144-27-59-61 and 72 of the City of
Las Vegas and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was brought
before the Board for a second reading, and was passed by the following vote: Commissioners
German and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said above-mentioned ordinance published for one
week, six issues, in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance to be in full force and effect from and
after its complete publication.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 7th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 7th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas held on the 7th day of April 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell together
the with City Attorney and Clerk.

0n motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that the "Electrical Ordinance," presented at a previous meeting be laid over to
a recessed meeting to be held in the near future. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners considered the gaming licenses
that had been filed with the Clerk.

The application of Ethel W. Genther, and C.J. Mackey for the operation
of slot machines were laid over because they were not presented on proper forms.

J.R. Boyer, and Jack Butler's applications for gaming licenses were
also laid over because of not being presented on proper forms.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that a gaming license be granted to the Boulder Club at 118 Fremont St; Said
application being in proper form, and the amounts need for the operations of the tables
accompanying the application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith,
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by commissioner German it was
moved that a license be granted to the Las Vegas Club 21 and 23 Fremont Street. Said
application being in proper form, and the amounts need for the operation of the tables
accompanying said application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

0n motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that a gaming license be granted A.T. McCarter, at the Exchange Club, 123 South First
Street. Said application being in proper form, and the required amount of money being on
file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German,

Smith and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, None.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was
moved that a gaming license be granted to Stocker and Morgan at he Northern Club 15 Fremont
Street. Said application being in proper form, and the required a mount of money being on
file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith
and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of granting further licenses was next brought before the
Board and a number of citizens appeared before the Board in favor of granting more licenses.
Among them were A.W. Ham., O.C. Boggs, E.F. Dupary and A.J. Shur.

A number of citizens also appeared before the Board asking that the
district be zoned for the gambling house, and a limit set. These Citizens included,
A.E. Cahlan, A.B. Witcher, Dr. W. S. Park, A.C. Delkin, Dr. Martin, E.A. Stintson, and P.A. Simons.

After a lengthy discussion the following Resolution was introduced and duly passed.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, That this Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas not grant any
gambling licenses except to those places of business that held gambling licenses in the pre-
vious quarter, and that new licenses not be considered until a zone is established for the
operation of gambling houses, and a policy is adopted by the Board governing the issuance of
new licenses.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and Smith
voting Aye. His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting no.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 8th day of April 1911 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 8th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 8th day of April 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners Thomas and German, and Mayor Pro tem Smith.

Absent Commissioner Hansell, and Mayor Hesse.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 9th day of April at the hour of three o'clock PM.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEV.
APRIL 9th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 9th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

To bids for the purchasing of the $10,000.00 Highway Bonds being on file with the
City Clerk, and the members of the Board being present being sufficient to act on the
accepting of the bids same were opened.

Bid from the First State Bank of the City of Las Vegas being as follows:

Bid par plus 6% interest.

Bid of Bank of Southern Nevada, of the City of Las Vegas being as follows:

Bid par, and accrued interest, and rate of interest set at

There fore upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioners German
it was moved that the bid of the Bank of Southern Nevada be accepted, and that the City
Attorney prepare the transcript for the bonds.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said bonds prepared by the Rocky Mountain Bank
Note Company, as its price for the preparation of the bonds was the most reasonable re-
ceived.

At this time, a number of the citizens being present the Board again entered
into the granting of gaming licenses, and placing a zone. After some discussion the
following Resolution was introduced:

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following 

Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that until the further order of this Board it be and is hereby established
as the policy of this Board that no further gambling licenses be granted except those already
granted for this quarter, and to those who held gambling licenses for the immediately
preceding quarter; provided that this Resolution shall not be construed to prevent the consid-
eration of an application for and the granting of a license to a person of the Ethiopian Race
for the conduct of a game or games in a place catering exclusively to persons of the same
race only.
The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and
German, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Commissioner Smith voting no.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 10th day of April at he hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 10th, 1931.

	Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas held on the 1Oth day of April 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Hansell together with the City Attor-
ney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and Thomas.

A letter from T.M. Carroll and Nellie C. Carroll his wife was read to the Board.

This letter accompanied a deed to the City of Las Vegas for a strip of land to be used in the
straightening of Chareston Drive, and ask the City to co-operate with the above mentioned
parties at such time as the sub-divisions effected should be re-platted. The Clerk was dir-
ected to write the interested parties, Mr. and Mrs. Carroll to the effect that the City
would co-operated with them in the re-platting of said subdivisions.

Attorney Alward appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the granting
of a gambling license to Faxon and Moon at the Arizona Club. No action was taken on this
matter.

The application of a gambling license to Brown and Jones was presented to the
Board. Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that no action be taken on said application until all members of the Board were present.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have Chief of Police Nash see that screens were placed
in front of the Big Four Club.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 13th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

April 13th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 13th day of April, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas and german, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time the Board took up the matter of having the question of the bonds for
city sewers submitted on the ballot at the coming election to the electors. After some dis-
cussion on motion of Commissioners Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Preambles
 and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, there is a pressing need for the extension of the present sewer system
and the establishment of a sewerage disposal plant, and

WHEREAS, this Board has heretofore had preliminary engineering work done in con-
nection with the ascertainment of the the needs of the City in connection therewith and
the probable cost of the same, and

WHEREAS, this Board is advised by its sewerage engineer, Webster L. Benham
that a bond issue of One Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars or thereabouts is necessary to
meet the cost and expense of the of the preliminary extension of such sewer system and
the construction of an adequate unit of a disposal plant in connection therewith, and

WHEREAS, a general city election is to be held on Tuesday the 5th day of May, 1931
at which the question of the issuance of bonds may be submitted,
NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that such question be submitted to the regular qualified
electors of this City at said election, and that for such purpose a notice be published in the
Las Vegas Age, a triweekly newspaper printed and published in this City, for a period of three
weeks prior to such election, in the form and substance as hereinafter set forth, such notice
to be signed by the City Clerk and attested by the Seal of the City of Las Vegas, which said
notice is in the words and figures as follows, to-wit:

NOTICE OF SEWER BOND ELECTION.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that pursuant to a Resolution duly adopted by the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at a recessed regular meeting thereof on the 13th
day of April, 1931, there will be submitted	to	the vote of the	regularly qualified	electors

of said City of Las Vegas, at the general city	election, to be	held on Tuesday, the 5th day of

May, 1931, the question as to whether or not there shall be issued by the City of Las Vegas
One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars of negotiable coupon Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds, for the pur-
pose of securing money to construct a sewerage system in the said City (including disposal)
plant) and waste main therefrom.

Said bonds, if authorized at said election, will be of the denomination of One
Thousand Dollars each and bear interest at the rate fixed by the successful bidder, but not to
exceed seven per centum per annum, the interest on each bond to be payable semi-annually, on
the 2nd day of January and the first day of July Of each year. Said bonds shall be payable
within twenty-five years from the date of their issue and shall be payable as follows:

Bonds Nos. 1 to 8 inclusive July 1, 1933; bonds nos. 6 to 16, inclusive July 1934: bonds nos.

17 to 24 inclusive, July 1, 1935; bonds nos. 25 to 32 Inclusive, July 1, 1936; bonds Nos. 33
to 40 inclusive, July 1, 1937; bonds Nos. 41 to 48 inclusive, July 1, 1938; bonds Nos. 49 to
56 inclusive, July 1, 1939; bonds Nos. 57 to 64 inclusive, July 1, 1940; bonds Nos. 65 to 72

inclusive, July 1, 1941; bonds Nos. 73 to 80 inclusive, July 1, 1942; bonds nos. 81 to 88

inclusive, July 1, 1943; bonds Nos. 89 to 96 inclusive, July 1, 1944; bonds Nos. 97 to 104
inclusive, July 1, 1945; bonds Nos. 105 to 112 inclusive July 1, 1946; bonds Nos. 113 to 120

inclusive, July 1, 1947; bonds Nos. 121 to 128 inclusive, July 1, 1948; bonds Nos. 129 to 136

inclusive, July 1, 1949; bonds Nos. 137 to 144 inclusive, July 1, 1950; bonds nos. 145 to 152

inclusive, July 1, 1951; bonds Nos. 153 to 160 inclusive, July 1, 1952.

For the purpose of making provision for the prompt payment of installments of in-
terest as they fall due and to create a sinking fund to pay the principal and interest of said
bonds at maturity there shall be levied an annual until ax principal and interest on said bonds
are fully paid, sufficient to pay the annual interest on the outstanding bonds as the install-
ments thereof accrue, and the further sums as follows: In each of the years 1932 to 1951 in-
clusive the further sum of Eight Thousand Dollars, which amounts shall be placed in a sinking
fund and shall be used exclusively to pay the principal of said bonds at maturity.

Said bonds will bear date the first day of July, 1931.

On the ballot at said general city election there shall be printed the words
"Sewerage bonds-yeas," and Sewerage bonds-No" in parallet lines one above the other. The voter
will cross out with voting stamp the word "Yes" if opposed to the bonds, and the word "No"
if in favor of the issue.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I, Viola Burns, City Clerk of said City have hereunto set my
official signature and the seal of said City this 13th day of April, 1931.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the contents of said notice is hereby adopted as a
part of this Resolution as though repeated at length herein.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners O.J. Smith, R. W. Thomas
and W. C. German and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board discussed the, matter of having a list of voters published
and directing the County Clerk to have said list posted in the various precincts in the City.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that the County Clerk of Clark County, Nevada prepare and have published in a newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas a list of the qualified voters of the City
of Las Vegas, and to post or cause to be posted three of such lists in each precinct of
said City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The next matter brought before the Board was the revising of the City Budget
for the year 1932. A revised form of budget was presented to the Board by commissioner Ger-
man, Commissioner of Finance.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas on the 27th day of February, 1931 This Board adopted its annual budget
of the estimated expenditures and receipts for the year ending December 31st, 1932, and has
heretofore published same and filed same with the State Board of Finance of the State of Nev-
ada, and

Whereas, the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County has refused to
allow the aggregate rate of taxes, to-wit $1.35, and has cut same down to $1.12, and it has
become necessary to revise said budget downward to conform to the order of said Board of
County Commissioners, thus necessarily readjusting the percentage for certain of the estab-
lished funds of the City,

Now therefore Be It Resolved, that said budget be and the same is hereby re-
vised, amended and the percentages for certain of the established funds readjusted, so that
the same shall read as follows:
NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1932.

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the year
Ending December 31, 1931, as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, statues of Nevada, 1923.

Cash on Hand, January 1, 1931	$75,800.37

Balance due from Second Half Taxes, 1930	56,990.94

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the current years as required by Section 9, Chapter 42,
Laws of Nevada, 1923.

Attest:

Viola Burns	(Signed) J.F. Hesse_______

City Clerk	Mayor.

Dated April 13th, 1931.

Be it Further Resolved that said amended, revised, and readopted Budget be signed

by the Mayor, and attest by the Clerk of this Board, and a copy there of be transmitted to said

State Board of Finance.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and German,
and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

The tax levy was next brought before the Board and upon motion of Commissioner Smith
seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, the tax levy for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1931 heretofore made
and adopted by this Board on the 27th day of February 1931, where in the aggregate levy was
$1.35 transmitted to the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, and such last mentioned

Board has refused to allow the City more than an aggregate rate of $1.12, and it has become 

necessary to amend, revise and readjust such levy,
Now Therefore Be It Resolved, that such tax levy, as appears in Book Three of the minutes
of this Board at pages 142, 143, and 144 be and the same is hereby amended, revised, and readjusted
so that the same shall read as follows:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.145 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.070 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the General Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.223 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Street Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.255 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.020 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Library Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.248 on each one one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying, and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said Tax to be known as and used as Bond Interest Fund.

RESOLVED, that	an ad	valorem tax of $.112 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable

property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected

and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Bond Redemption Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.010 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Cemetery Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.037 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable

property situate, lying and being with in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known ns and used as Publicity Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk forthwith transmit a copy of such amended,
revised and readjusted tax levy to the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, and a
copy to the County Assessor of Clark County.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith and German, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 17th day of April 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL CALLED MEETING.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City Attor-
ney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

CALL	

Las Vegas, Nevada,

April 15th, 1931.

To- Viola Burns,

City Clerk:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
said City, to be held at the Council room of said Board on Wednesday, the 15th day of
April, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon questions relatin g
to the gambling Ordinance of the City, numbered 165, and with respect to gaming licenses
heretofore applied for under said Ordinance.

You will give notice in accordance with this call.

J.F. Hesse,

Mayor.
NOTICE

To— L.B. Hansell, O.J. Smith, W. C. German, R. W. Thomas, Commissioners
and J.F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Pursuant to a call this day made by Mayor J.F. Hesse, you are hereby notified that a
special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City will be held at the Council
Room of said Board, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada on Wednesday the 15th
day of April, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M; then and there to consider and act
upon questions relating to the gambling Ordinance of the City, numbered 165, and with
respect to gaming licenses heretofore applied for under said Ordinance.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

We, the undersigned, hereby admit service of the foregoing.

Dated April 15, 1931.

L.B. Hansell

Commissioner

R. W. Thomas	J.F. Hesse.

Commissioner	Mayor.

Attorney Chas. Lee Horsey appeared before the Board at this time in regards to the
Board of Commissioners granting a gaming license to be used by parties planing on occupying
the building at 22 Fremont St. owned by Boggs Brothers Grocers.

At this time the Board took no action in the granting of said application.

On motion of Commissioners Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that City Attorney Stevens look up in the law the power of the City of Las Vegas in the
passing of Ordinance Ho. 165 governing the issuance of gaming license, and the power given
the City in the granting, or rejection of gaming application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 17th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 17th day of April 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that a gaming license be granted to Leo Kind and Thomas Rawan for Nos. 127 and 129 South First
Street. Said application had been filed with the City Clerk, and the proper amount of
money to cover said games and devices applied for filed with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse voting Aye, Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was
moved that a gaming license be granted to Butler and Marsh for No. 110 South First Street
at the Big Four Club. Said application and the proper amount of money to cover licenses
for the games and devices applied for being filed with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that A.S. Henderson be appointed Deputy City Attorney of the City of Ras Vegas, to hold
office at the pleasure of the Board, to file a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One
Thousand Dollars, same to be approved by the Mayor.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that the following Resolution passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners be rescinded: Said Resolution was passed on Thursday the 9th day of April 1931.

"On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that until the further order of this Board it be and is hereby established
as the policy of this Board that no further gambling licenses be granted except those already
granted for this quarter, and to those who held gambling licenses for the immediately preceding
 quarter; provided further that this Resolution shall not be construed to pre-
vent the consideration of an application for and the granting of a license to a person of
the Ethiopian Race for the conduct of a game or games in a place catering exclusively to
persons of the same race only.
The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none."

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner W. C. German seconded by Commissioner R. W. Thomas the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas six gaming licenses under Ordinance No. 165 of this City (exclusive of lic-
enses solely for slot machines) have already been issued in the City of Las Vegas, or a
provision for about one licensed gaming house (exclusive of places where slot machines only
are operated) to every one thousand five hundred (1500) of our population.

Now Therefore Be It Resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that it is the sense of this Board that public interest requires that no further gaming
licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines and for additional
games, st the location for which license is already granted, under provisions of Section
9 of said Ordinance No. 165 ) An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation of slot machines
in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating the same
fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, repealing ordinances Nos.
77, 82, 88, 103 and 115, and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith."
be granted in this city in the excess of the number already granted, until the further
order of this Board and until the further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses
solely for the operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation
of the public and the granting of such further or other licenses will not contravene public
interest and will not require an excessive amount of police protection for a city of the
size of Las Vegas, Nevada, having in mind the funds provided for police protection under
the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the city funds ap-
plicable to police protection.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioners German the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of J.R. Boyer for gaming licenses to be operated
under at No. 217 North First Street in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied for the reason that under Ordinance No. 165 of
said City six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued solely for the operation of
slot machines) have already been issued in the City, some of which are near said location
and upon careful consideration of the question, we believe that public interest requires
that no additional licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines
and for additional games, at the location for which license is already granted, under the
provisions of section 9 of said Ordinance No. 165)

Sec. 9. Any licensee holding a valid existing license from the City of Las Vegas
and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a current quarter may, during such cur-
rent quarter secure a license for additional slot machines, games and devices as the case
may be, over and above the particular number of slot machines, games or devices for which
he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter by paying to the City
Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional particular slot machine, game or
device, as the case may be, and for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional license
for the remainder of the quarter, and the additional license shall be upon the same terms
and conditions as though issued under the provisions of Section 8 of this Ordinance) be
granted in this city in excess of the number already granted, until the further order of
this board and until further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses solely for the
operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation of the public
and the granting of such further and other licenses will not contravene public interest and
will not require an excessive amount of police protection for a city of the size of Las
Vegas, Nevada, having in mind the funds provided for police protection under the City's
1931 and 1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the city funds applicable to
police protection.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner German, the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of Louie Hodges and Levi Irwin for gaming
licenses to be operated under at 231 North Second Street, in the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied for the reason that
under Ordinance No. 165 of said City six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued
solely for the operation of slot machines) have already been issued in this City, some
of which are near said location, and, upon careful consideration of the question, we
believe that public interest requires that no additional licenses (other than licenses
solely for the operation of slot machines and for additional games, at the location for
which license is already granted, under the provisions of section 9 of said Ordinance
No. 165 'Any licensee holding a valid license from the City of Las Vegas, and from the
County of Clark, state of Nevada, for a current quarter may, during such current quarter
secure a license for additional slot machines, games or devices, as the case may be,
over and above the particular number of slot machines, games or devices for which he
they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter by paying to the City Clerk
the license fee above provided, for the additional particular slot machine, game or
device as the ease may be, for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional license
for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional license shall be upon the same
terms and conditions as though issued under the provisions of Section 8 of this Ordinance,'
be granted in this city in excess of the number already granted, until the further order
of this Board and until further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses solely
for the operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation of the
public and the granting of such further or other licenses will not contravene public
interest and will not require an excessive amount of police protection for a city the
size of Las Vegas, Nevada, having in mind the funds provided for police protection under
the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the City funds ap-
plicable to police protection.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.
Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner German, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that the application of Roy Grimes, D.J. Mc Cauley and R.H. Davenport
for gaming licenses to be operated under at Lorenzi Resort, in the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied for the reason that under Or-
dinance No. 165 of said City six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued solely
for the operation of slot machines) have already been issued in this City, and upon care-
ful consideration of the question we believe that public interest requires that no addit-
ional licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines , and for
additional games, st the location for which license is already granted, under the pro-
visions of Section 9, of said Ordinance No. 165, 'Any licensee holding a valid existing	

license from the City of Las Vegas, and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a
current quarter may, during such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot
machines, games or devices, as the case may be, over and above the particular number of
slot machines, games or devices for which, he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder
of the quarter by paying to the City Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional
particular slot machine, game or, device, as the case may be, and for which the City Clerk
shall issue an additional license for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional
license shall be upon the same terms and conditions as though issued under the provisions
of Section 8 of this Ordinance,' be granted in this city in excess of the number already
granted, until the further order of this board and until further or other gaming licenses
(other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary
for the accomodation of the public and the granting of such further or other licenses will
not contravene public interest and will not require an excessive amount of police protection
for a city the size of Las Vegas, Nevada, having in mind the funds provided for police pro-
tection under the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the City
funds applicable to police protection.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell,
and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that the application of Samuel Caruso, for gaming licenses to be
operated under at 111 North First Street, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied for the reason that Under Ordinance
No. 165 of the said City six gaming licenses exclusive of licenses issued soley for the
operation of slot machines) have already been issued in this City, some of which are near
said location, and, upon careful consideration of the question, we believe that public
interest requires that no additional licenses (other than licenses soely for the operation
of slot machines and for additional games, st the location for which license is already
granted, under the provisions of Sec. 9 of said Ordinance No. 165, 'Any licensee holding a
valid existing license from the City of Las Vegas, and from the County of Clark, and the
State of Nevada for a current quarter may, during such current quarter, secure a license
for additional slot machines, games or devices, as the case may be, over and above the
particular number of slot machines, games or devices for which he, they or it holds a
license, for the remainder of the quarter by paying the City Clerk the license fee above
provided, for the particular slot machine, game or device as the case may be, and for which
the City Clerk shall issue an additional license for the remainder of such quarter, and the
additional license shall be upon the same terms and conditions as though issued under the
provisions of Section 8 of this Ordinance,' be granted in this city in excess of the number
already granted, until further order of this board and until further or other gaming licenses
(other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary
for the accomodation of the public and the granting of such further or other licenses will
not contravene public interest and will not require an excessive amount of police protection
for a city the size of Las Vegas, Nevada, having in min the funds provided for police pro-
tection under the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the city
funds applicable to police protection.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners W. C. German, R. W. Thomas,
and L.B. Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of William Jones, and William Brown, for gaming
licenses to be operated under at 217 Stewart Street in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied for the reason that under Ordinance No. 165
of said City six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued solely for the operation of
slot machines) have already been granted in this city, some of which are near the said location
and upon careful consideration of the question, we believe that public interest requires that
no additional licenses (other that licenses solely for the operation of slot machines and
for additional games, at the location for which license is already granted, under the pro-
visions of section 9 of said Ordinance No. 165,' Any licensee holding a valid license from
the City of Las Vegas, and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a current quarter
may, during such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot machines, games or
devices, as the case may be, over and above the particular number of slot machines, games
or devices for which he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter by
paying to the City Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional particular
slot machine, game or device, as the case may be, for which the City Clerk shall issue
an additional license for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional license shall
be upon the same terms and conditions as though issued under the provisions of Section 8
of this Ordinance,' be granted in this city in excess of the number already granted, until
further order of this board and until further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses
solely for the operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation
of the public and the granting of such further or other licenses will not contravene
public interest and will not require additional excessive amount of police protection
for a city the size of Las Vegas, Nevada, having in mind the funds provided for police
protection under the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the
city funds applicable to police protection. the vote on said Resolution was as follows:
Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.
Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of Bill Noon and H.E. Faxon for gaming licenses to be
operated under at 219 North First Street in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of
Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied for the reason that under Ordinance No. 165 of said
city six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued solely for the operation of slot mach-
ines) have already been issued in this City, some of which are near said location, and upon
careful consideration of the question, we believe that public interest requires that no
additional licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines and for
additional games, at the location for which license is already granted, under the provisions
of Sec. 9 of said Ordinance No. 165, 'Any licensee holding a valid existing license from the
City of Las Vegas, and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a current quarter may,
during such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot machines, games or devices
as the case may be, over and above the particular number of slot machines, games or devices
for which he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter by paying to the
City Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional particular slot machine,
game or device, as the case may be, and for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional
license for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional license shall be upon the same
terms and conditions as though issued under the provisions of Section 8 of this Ordinance,'
be granted in this city in excess of the number already granted, until further order of this
Board and until further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation
of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation of the public and the granting
of such further or other licenses will not contravene public interest and will not require
an excessive amount of police protection for a city the size of Las Vegas, Nevada, having in
mind the funds provided for police protection under the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets hereto-
fore adopted and the state of the City funds applicable to police protection.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded By Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of Arthur C. Laid, Theodore Peterson and Frank Converse
for gaming licenses to be operated under at 22 Fremont Street in the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, be, and the same is hereby denied for the reason that under Ordin-
ance No. 165 of said City six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued solely for the
operation of slot machines) have already been issued in this City, some of which are near
said location, and upon careful consideration of the question, we believe that public interest
requires that no additional licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot
machines and for additional games, at the location for which license is already granted, under
the provisions of Sec. 9 of said Ordinance No. 165, 'Any licensee holding a valid existing
license from the City of Las Vegas, and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a cur-
rent quarter may, during such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot machines

games or devices, as the case may be, over and above the particular number of slot machines

games or devices for which he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter
by paying the City Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional slot machines,
games or devices, as the case may be, and for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional

license for the reminder of such quarter, and the additional license shall be upon the same

terms and conditions as though issued under the provisions of section 8 of this Ordinance,')
be granted in the city in excess of the number already granted until the further order of
this board and until further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses solely for the
operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation of the public and
the granting of such further or other licenses will not contravene public interest and will
not require an excessive amount of police protection for a city the size of Las Vegas, Nevada,
having in mind the funds provided for police protection under the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets
heretofore adopted, and the state of the City funds applicable to police protection.

The vote on said Resolution was an follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
slot machine licenses were granted. Applications being on file with the Clerk, and the proper
amount being on file with each application.

Boulder Club	5	Slot Machines

Morgan & Stocker	2	"	"

A. T. McCarter	2	"	"

Las Vegas Club	6	"	"

J.W. Woodard	3	"	"

Ethel Genther	3	"	"

C.J. Mackey	3	2	"

Town Barbecue	2	"	"

John Lang	2	"	"

Peter Felix	1	"	"

Joe Graglia	2	"	"

Boulder Drug Co.	6	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 22nd day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 22, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the -Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 22nd day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

City Attorney Stevens reported to the Board of Commissioners that he had looked into
the law in regards to the Board of City Commissioners having the power to pass ordinances,
and resolutions to regulate gaming in the City of Las Vegas, and found that the city was within
its power in passing Ordinance No. 165, and limiting the granting of gaming licenses.

At this time an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance regulating dry cleaning plants in the
City of Las Vegas, providing penalties for the violation thereof, and other matters relating
thereto, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read
for a second time and passed by the following vote, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have same published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal
a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance to be in
full force and effect from and after its complete publication.

A petition from Thomas M. Carroll and Nellie C. Carroll his wife for the vacating a
portion of Pioneer Heights Addition to Las Vegas , Nevada was filed with the Board.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, Thomas M. Carroll and Nellie C. Carroll, owners of all of Block 28; lots
9 to 16 inclusive in Block 26, Lots 21 to 29 inclusive in Block 26, and all of Block 27; all
in Pioneer Heights Addition to Las Vegas, Nevada, have acting through A. R. Thompson, filed
with this Board a petition to vacate certain unoccupied protions of said Pioneer Heights
Addition as shown in said Petition, and

It appearing to the Board that said petition is in proper form and in substance,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that a copy of this petition be published at the ex-
pense of said petitioners in the manner and for the time provided by law.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner German introduced the following entitled Ordinance, "An Ordinance
of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district, industrial
and commercial district within the said City of Las Vegas, defining such districts de-
claring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain factories, works, or
establishments within the said residence districts and said commercial districts; regulating
the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain works or
establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said ordinance,
and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith."

After some discussion on the above mentioned ordinance on motion of Commissioner
Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that said said Ordinance be passed as
and emergency ordinance and he read for a first and second time, and passed at this recessed
regular meeting, by the following vote, Commissioners German, -Thomas, Hansell and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review and Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, for a
period of one week six issues, and said ordinance to be in full force and effect from and after
it complete publication.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German the following
slot machine licenses were granted:

State Cafe	3 Slot Machines

R.C. Andred	2	"	"

DeLux Barber Shop	1	"	"

J.T. Watters	23	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 24th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 5th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of May, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Smith and Hansell together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

All reports approved by the Mayor.

Commissioner Thomas was appointed to act as Finance Commissioner due to the absence
of Commissioner German, Finance Commissioner.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of April as follows:

$2,140.50	 Municipal Court Fines.

3,727.50	Licenses and Fees

500. 00 	Sale of Highway Bonds.

6,368.00	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$500.00 Highway Bond Fund.

211.00	Water Sewer and Light Fund

200.00	Cemetery Fund.

1,900.00	General Fund

3,557.00	P and F Fund.

6,368.00	Total.

Minutes of all precious meetings from February 10th to April 22nd inclusive read
and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 8th day of May at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 8th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of May at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

At this time the Board of Commissioners entered into a discussion as to the way to
handle the case filed in Carson City in the Supreme Court by Attorney Horsey, for Roy Grimes.
Said suit was filed because the Board of City Commissioners refused to grant a gaming license
to said Roy Grimes and partners to be operated under at Lorenzi Resort.

After some discussion upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner
German the following resolution was duly passed:

Resolved, That F. A. Stevens, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, be directed
to appear in Carson City, Nevada, on May 27th, 1931, and file a demure in answer to the
suit filed in the Supreme Court in said Carson City against the City of Las Vegas, naming
the Board of City Commissioners, The Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and each individual
Commissioner. That the City of Las Vegas bear the expense of the said City Attorney's trip
in representing the City Board of Commissioners, the Mayor and each individual Commissioner.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Commissioner Hansell voting No.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 12th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 12th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 12th day of May, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

At this time the Mayor appointed the following citizens on the Board of the City
Planning Commission;

A. C. Delkin and Sam J. Shaw to serve on the said Board until May 25th, 1934/

A. W. Ham, and C.V.T. Gilbert to serve on said Board until May 25th, 1935.

The Clerk was directed to inform the above mentioned citizens of their appointments
on the Board of the City Planning Commission.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 14th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 14th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of May 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith and Thomas together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

H.C. Keyes appeared before the Board with a request for an extension of sixty days of
the time set in Section 6 of that certain Permit granted by this Board to him to install gas
main etc. in the streets, etc. of the City of Las Vegas, which permit bears date the 15th
day of December, 1930, and which said Section 6 thereof provides that "within five months
after the passage of this Permit the said Permittee, or his assigns, shall file in the
office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat of the mine proposed to be laid
under the first unit of such installation, showing proposed location and position thereof etc."

A discussion of such request was had by the Board, and thereupon, on motion of Com-
missioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, the following Resolution was duly
adopted:

Resolved that the time within which H.C. Keyes is required, under the provisions of
Section 6 of that certain Permit bearing date the 15th day of December, 1930, made by the
City of Las Vegas to said H.C. Keyes to install gas mains, etc. in the streets etc. of the
City of Las Vegas, to file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat
of mains proposed to be laid under the first unit of such installation, showing proposed
location and position thereof, be and the same is hereby extended for a period of sixty
days from the 14th day of May, 1931 and to expire on the 15th day of July, 1931, and that
such portion of said Section 6 relating thereto, be and the same is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 6. Within seven months after the. passage of this Permit the said Permittee
or his assigns, shall file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a plat
of the mains proposed to be laid under the first unit of such installation, showing pro-
posed location and position thereof."

That the remainder of said Section 6 shall be and remain as set forth in Section
6 of said Permit.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that in all other respects said original Permit shall
remain in full force and effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that before the extension hereby provided for shall take
effect the said H.C. Keyes shall within fifteen days from this 14th day of May, 1931 file in
writing with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas a written acceptance of the terms of
this Resolution.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized to
furnish to said H.C. Keyes, or his attorney, A.W. Ham, a certified copy of this Resolution.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell,

Thomas and Smith and His Honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.
At this time Attorney Dan V. Noland appeared before the Board of Commissioners on behalf
 of the licensed electricians in the City of Las Vegas, and presented to the Board for
its consideration a form of ordinance prepared by him at the direction and expense of the
above mentioned electricians.

At this time "An Ordinance to amend sections 3 and 9 and to repeal section 6 of Or-
dinance No. 161 entitled "An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical in-
stallation, fixture and connection work and providing for the examination of persons en-
gaged in the same, creating a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fix-
tures and appliances, providing for the licensing of electrical workers, providing add-
itional regulations for electrical installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof
and repealing Ordinance No. 156 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating
the business of doing electrical fixture and connection work providing for the examination
of persons engaged in the same, and creating an examination Board, and providing a penalty
for the violation thereof,' and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas, en-
titled 'An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las
Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof,' and repealing all ordinances and
parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance," was read for a
first time, and after some discussion was laid over for a second reading.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board of Commissioners that F. W. Hickey be
granted a certificate of competency as Master Electrician, as said F. W. Hickey was in
business as a Master Electrician when Ordinance No. 162 of the City of Las Vegas was adopted.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Tomas, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioners German leaving before said
vote was taken.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the follow-
ing Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board of Commissioners that A. C. Clark,
be granted a certificate of competency as Master Electrician, as said A. C. Clark was in
business as a Master Electrician when Ordinance No. 162 of the City of Las Vegas was adopted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The plat of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1 was presented to the Board for its approval.
Said plat had been approved by the City Planning Commission, and owned by L.L. Brentner,
and his wife, Mabel Brentner.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the plat of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1 be approved by the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, and
attest by the City Clerk, under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Thomas leaving before the vote was taken.

The City Attorney, F. A. Sevens was directed to draft an amendment to the
City Zoning Ordinance No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, placing amusement houses, gaming
houses, and theaters in the mercantile district.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 19th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK? CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 19th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 19th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City Attor-
ney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

Minutes of meetings of May 5th, 8th and 12th read and approved as read.

Mr. F. C. DeVinney appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the salary
allowed the Assessor of Clark County at the last session of the Nevada State Legislature.

Therefore upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it
was moved that the Assessor of Clark County Nevada, Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las
Vegas, and the County Treasurer of Clark County, and the Ex-Officio Treasurer of the City
of Las Vegas be allowed salaries at the rate of $100.00 per month, effective as of this
date, as allowed under the statutes of the State of Nevada 1931.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.
The Board then proceeded to make a canvas of the vote cast at the General City
Election held on the 5th day of May, 1929, for the election of a Mayor, and one City
Commissioner of the First Class, and one City Commissioner of the Third Class, and to
vote on the Sewer Bonds, the result of the said canvas was as follows:

FOR MAYOR

E. W. Cragin

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	188

"	"	No. 2	198

"	"	"	No.	3	191

"	"	"	No.	4	122

"	"	"	No.	5	232

"	"	"	No.	6	280

"	"	"	No.	7	240

"	"	No.	8	121

"	"	"	No.	9	162 Total 1734

L.B. Hansell

Las	 Vegas Precinct No.	1	40

"	"	"	No.	2	20

"	"	No.	3	20

"	"	"	No.	4	20

"	"	"	No.	5	27

"	"	"	No.	6	36

"	"	"	No.	7	28

"	"	"	No.	8	19

"	"	No.	9	_____22__________Total 232

FOR COMMISSIONER FIRST CLASS

Phil Bettelheim

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	39

"	"	"	No.	2	139

"	"	"	No.	3	23

"	"	"	No.	4	18

"	"	"	No.	5	39

"	"	"	No.	6	42

"	"	"	No.	7	47

"	"	"	No.	8	22

"	"	"	No.	9	23_______ Total 272

W. B. Mundy

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	181

"	"	"	No.	2	199

"	"	"	No.	3	183

"	"	"	No.	4	123

"	"	"	No.	5	217

"	"	"	No.	6	269

"	"	"	No.	7	219

"	"	"	No.	8	117

"	"	"	No.	9	 163_________Total 1671

FOR COMMISSIONER THIRD CLASS

W. C. German

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	172

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	2	193

"	"	"	No.	3	186

"	"	"	No.	4	126

"	"	"	No.	5	226

"	"	"	No.	6	280

"	"	"	No.	7	239

"	"	"	No.	8	122

"	"	"	No.	9	 161	Total 1705

SEWER BONDS

NO	YES

Las	Vegas Precinct No.	1	133	60

"	"	"	No.	2	52	126

"	"	"	No.	3	51	138

"	"	"	No.	4	43	71

"	"	"	No.	5	149	84

"	"	"	No.	6	198	95

"	"	"	No.	7	151	76

"	"	"	No.	8	77	44

"	"	"	No.	9	 111	43

Total	965	Total 737

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that E.W. Cragin has received a plurality of all
votes cast for the office of Mayor, it was therefore Resolved, on motion of Commissioner
Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, that the said E.W.Cragin be and he is hereby
declared to be the duly elected Mayor of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years.
and it was further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to the said E. W. Cragin. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Hansell and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.
Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that W. B. Bundy has received a plurality of
all votes cast for the office of City Commissioner of the First Class, it was Therefore
Resolved, on motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, that the
said W. B. Mundy be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner of
the First Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further
Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to the said W. B. Mundy. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners
Thomas, and Hansell and His honor the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that W. C. German has received a plurality
of all votes cast for the office of City Commissioner of the Third Class, it was Therefore
Resolved, on motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, that the
said W. C. German be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner
of the Third Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further
Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to the said W. C. German. The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners
Hansell and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon it appearing to the Board that the "Sewer Bonds" had been defeated by
a plurality of all votes cast, it was therefore Resolved, on motion of Commissioner Thomas,
seconded by Commissioner Hansell that the said "Sewer Bonds" are hereby declared to be
defeated. That the number of votes cast for the "Sewer Bonds" were 737, and the number
of votes cast against the "Sewer Bonds" were 965. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of accepting the amount of licenses
collected by the Sheriff of Clark County for the gaming houses.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded By Commissioner Thomas the following
 Preambles and Resolution was upon vote thereon duly adopted:

WHEREAS, it has been reported to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas that Joe Keate, the Sheriff of Clark County, State of Nevada has heretofore de-
posited with the County Treasurer of the County of Clark and ex-officio City Treasurer of
the City of Las Vegas, for the credit of said City of Las Vegas, the sum of Five Thousand
One Hundred Four and 20/100 Dollars ($5,104.20) on account of collections made on gaming
licenses issued for operation of games within the City of Las Vegas for the quarter com-
mencing on the first day of April, 1931 and ending on the 30th day of June 1931 under and
act of the State of Nevada, entitled "An Act concerning slot machines, gambling games, and
gambling devices; providing for the operation thereof under license; providing for cer-
tain license fees and the use of the money obtained therefrom; prohibiting minors from
playing and loitering about such games; designating the penalties for violation of the pro-
visions thereof; and other matters properly relating thereto," and

WHEREAS, it appears to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that said Sheriff has not paid into the Treasury of said City the proportion of said
license fees belongs to said City, by the deposit aforesaid, but has retained from the
said City's portion of said license fees an amount equal to six per cent. of the whole
amount due said City as its portion of said license fees, and

WHEREAS, this Board is advised that said Sheriff has no warrant or authority in
law to with hold and retain said six percent. or any percent. of the said City's portion,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that demand beforthwith made upon said Joe Keate,
Sheriff of Clark County for the balance due said City as its portion of the said gaming
license fees collected by him upon licenses issued for the operation of games within
said City of Las Vegas for said quater beginning April 1, 1931 and ending June 30, 1931;
that such demand be made by the City Clerk of said City by the delivery to said Joe
Keate, Sheriff, of a certified copy of this Resolution, and a written demand signed by
said Clerk on behalf of said City in the following Form:

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 19, 1931.

To Joe Keate, Sheriff of Clark County, Nevada.

You are hereby directed and commanded to forthwith pay over to the City of
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada all of the proportion of gaming license
fees belonging to said City for licenses issued by you for the quarter beginning April
1, 1931 and ending June 30, 1931, according to the terms of the attached copy of Resolution
adopted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 19th day of
May, 1931.

City of Las Vegas

By________________

City Clerk.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the following Preambles, and Re-
solution were duly adopted: on motion of Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner
Thomas.

WHEREAS, this Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have by Resolution
at this meeting provided for demand to be made on Joe Keate, Sheriff of Clark County, Nev-
ada for the balance due the City as its portion of license moneys collected on licenses
issued for gaming in the City of Las Vegas during the quarter beginning April 1, 1931	

and ending June 30, 1931 by said Sheriff of Clark County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, said Sheriff has heretofore deposited with the County Treasurer of
the County of Clark and ex-officio City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, for the credit
of said City the sum of Five Thousand One Hundred Four Dollars and 20/100 ($5,104.20) on
account of the City's portion of such license fees, but has retained six per centum of
said City's portion of such license fees,	

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the said City shall take and use said sum of
($5,104.20), which belongs to it, but in so taking and using same it shall not be deemed
to have waived its right to the balance being with held by said Sheriff of Clark County, Neva da,
and that a certified copy of this Resolution be served on said Sheriff at the same time
as service is made of the previous Resolution adopted at this meeting demanding said City's
full proportion of such license fees.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that six slot machine licenses be grant to D. Lorenzi and Roy Grimes to be used at
Lorenzi Lake Park. Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 20th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 20th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the -Hoard of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 20th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and Hansell together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and German.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
three slot machine licenses be grant to E.P. Bihlmaier. Vote on said question was as follows- 
Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
one slot machine license be granted to Mabel E. Bihlmaier. Vote on said motion was as foll-
ows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
two slot machine licenses be granted to R. Roschl. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of proportioning the money received from
the Sheriff of Clark County from gaming licenses. Money was proportioned as follows:

$1,500.00 P and F Fund.

3,602.74 General Fund.

1.46	Library Checking Fund.

45,104.20 Total received from Sheriff to date.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday May 22nd, 1931.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 22nd, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 22nd day of May, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell and Thomas, together with the City Attor-
ney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

Minutes of May 14th and 19th read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until May 25th at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 25th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 25th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Smith, Commissioners Thomas, and German and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse, Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Stevens.

Mr. Webster L. Benham was present and the Board at this time discussed the possibility
of holding and election in the near future for the bonds needed to cover the cost of in-
stalling a sewer system and plant in the City of Las Vegas. No decision was reached at this
time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 27th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERk, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 27th day of May, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German and Smith, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and City Attorney Stevens.

At this time the Board considered the matter of holding an election for the purpose
of voting on bonds for the installation of a sewer system and disposal plant for the City.

No decision was reached.

Mr. James Squires appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of Roy Grimes
and partners for a reconsider action of license to be operated under at Lorenzi Park Resort which was 

rejected Apr. 17, 1931. No action taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 29th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 29th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 29th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved as read.

At this time a number of citizens appeared before the Board and urged said Board to
grant other gaming licenses besides those already in operation. Among those addressing the
Board were; Roy Grimes, James Squires, and John Miller. Mr. A.E. Cahlan appeared before said
Board recommending that no other gaming licenses be granted at this time.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 1st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 1st day of June at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, Smith and Hansell together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

Clerk.

All reports approved by the Mayor.

Moneys received for the month of May as follows:

$807.00 Municipal Court Fines.

1,850.50	Licenses, fees, and sale of Cemetery Lots.

2,657.50	Total

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$1,525.25	General	Fund.

700.00	P and F Fund.

259.25	W. S. &	L. Fund.

175.00	Cemetery Fund.

2,657.50	Total

$1,900.00 transferred from General Fund to Street Fund.

E. W. Cragin, Mayor-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000.00)
Dollars, with United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon; said bond having
been approved by E. G. Mc G iff, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County Nevada, as required by law. Mr. Cragin also presented his oath of office. Upon motion
duly made seconded and carried, said bond and oath of office were duly approved and ordered
filed in the office of the City Clerk.

W. B. Mundy, Commissioner— Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand
($1,000.00) Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon;
said bond having been approved by E. G. Mc Griff, Chairman of the Board of County Commission-
ers, of Clark County, Nevada, as required by law. Mr. Mundy also presented his oath of office.
Upon motion duly made seconded and carried, said bond and oath of office were duly approved
and ordered filed in the office of the City Clerk.

W. C. German, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1,000)
Dollars, with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon; said bond
having been approved by E. G. McGriff, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, ns required by law. Mr. German also presented his oath of office. Upon motion
duly made seconded and carried, said bond and oath of office were duly approved and ordered
filed in the office of the City Clerk.

There upon Messers Cragin, Mundy, and German entered upon the duties of their offices.

Mayor Cragin at this time addressed the Board of Commissioners and stated to them the
various things that he would like to see the Board carry through.

There upon the Mayor made the following appointments, to-wit: Commissioner Hansell was
appointed to continue as Water Sewer and Light Commissioner, Commissioner Mundy was appointed
Commissioner of Streets, Commissioner Thomas was transferred from Commissioner of Police and
Fire to Commissioner of Finance and Commissioner German was appointed Police
and Fire Commissioner.

The next order of business was the election of a Mayor Pro Tem. Commissioner Thomas
placed the name of Commissioner German before the Board for nomination as Mayor Pro Tem.

There upon motion of Commissioner Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell
it was moved that Commissioner German be appointed Mayor Pro Tem.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell and, Mundy, and His
Honor the Mayor E. W Cragin voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner German not voting.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter the following Resolution was introduced and
passed.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German the following Re-
solution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board that no other or further gaming licenses
be granted by this Board other than those already granted.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German and Hansell voting Aye.
Commissioner Smith voting No. His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse not voting. Motion carried.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 1st day of June at the hour of two o'clock P.M.
Mayor Cragin, recommended to Police and Fire Commissioner German that Mr. Harold Case
be reappointed Chief of the Fire Department.

There upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
the Mr. Harold Case be appointed Chief of the Fire Department, to hold office at the pleasure
of the Board, and said position to be held without compensation.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Mundy and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Attorney Lewis presented a number of petitions to the Board of Commissioners petitioning
said Board to revise Ordinance No. 160 of the City of Las Vegas regulating the business of
peddling in said City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

Resolved, that until the further order of this Board the following be and the same is here-
by established as the order of business to be pursued at all regular and recessed regular meet-
ings of the Board of City Commissioners, to-wit:

1.	Calling Roll

2.	Reading minutes of previous session.

3.	Report of officers

4.	Reading of bills and action thereon.

5.	Communications

6.	Unfinished business

7.	New business

8.	Adjournment.

Be It Further Resolved, that such order may be deviated from at any meeting only on the
assent of a majority of the members of the Board present.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and Mundy,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The above order of business was at once placed in effect.

Roll call of Officers showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German,
Mundy, Hansell, and Thomas, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Minutes of previous sessions of May 29th, and June 1st read and approved as read.

Police and Fire Commissioner German reported that the Police Station would have to be moved
from its present site in the near future, and subjested that the former office of Attorney
C.D. Breeze might be secured for temporary quarters for the Police Dept.

Commissioner Mundy reported that he would investigate the complaints against the direct-
ions give by the Electrical Inspector.

At this time the balance of the bills against the City for the month of May were allowed
as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

0 motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

Resolved, that until the further order of this Board the regular monthly meeting of said
Board will be held on the 4th day of the each month, at three o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of
said Board, provided that if such day fall upon a Sunday or holiday the meeting shall be held
on the next secular or business day thereafter without notice and without recess or adjournment
being required,

Be It Further Resolved, that all bills and claims against the City shall be filed on or
prior to the date of such regular meeting in order to have consideration during such month.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor Mayor Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time Attorney Lewis appeared before the Board of Commissioners with his client
Mr. Price in regard to having the Ordinance governing peddling in the City revised and amended
to exempt residents of one years duration from paving a city license for peddling.

A number of merchants appeared protesting against such amendment.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
ordinance governing peddling, Ordinance No. 160, of the City of Las Vegas remain as passed and
adopted, on the 5th day of July 1930.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor Mayor Cragin, voting Aye. Noes none.
At this time the Board took up the business of extending the fire zone in the City of
Las Vegas, and after due consideration the following Resolution was duly adopted on being
introduced by Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas:

RESOLVED, that Fire Zone No. 2 as defined in proposed Ordinance No. 169 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance No. 169 of the City of Las Vegas," be and the same is hereby
established to cover the same area as is covered by the commercial district as defined in
Ordinance No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, and as particularly is shown on that certain Map
on file in the office of the City Clerk designated as "Fire Zones of the City of Las Vegas, as
amended in connection with Ordinance No. 169 of said City," and particularly described as
follows:

All frontage on Fremont Street from Main Street to the east City limits to a depth no ex-
ceeding 150 feet; all frontage on Fifth Street from the south city limits to the North city
limits to a depth not exceeding one hundred fifty feet (150); all lots fronting on First Street
from Bridger street to Stewart Street; all lots fronting on Second Street from Stewart Street
to Clark Street; all lots fronting on Third Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all
lots fronting on Fourth Street from Stewart Street to Bridger Street; all lots fronting on
Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh and Twelfth Streets from Stewart Street to
Carson Street; all lots fronting on the south side of Stewart Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth
Street; all lots fronting on the North Side of Carson Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street;
all lots fronting on Ogden Street from Fifth Street to Twelfth Street. All lots on Clark Avenue
and Wilson Avenue in Original Townsite. All frontage on Main Street (East Side) from the north
City Limits to South City limits, not exceeding 150 feet in depth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Fire Zone No. 5 as defined in proposed Ordinance No. 169 of
the City of Las Vegas, aforesaid, be and the same is hereby established to cover the Remainder
of the entire incorporated area of the City of Las Vegas, outside of said Fire Zone No. 2, and
as particularly is shown on that certain Map on file in the office of the City Clerk designated
as "Fire Zones if the City of Las Vegas, as amended in connection with Ordinance No. 169 of
said City,"

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Map hereinabove mentioned is further identified as bear-
ing the file mark of the said City Clerk of date the 4th day of June, 1931.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor Mayor Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resol-
ution was duly adopted:

Proposed Ordinance No. 169 was there upon introduced by Commissioner German, and read.

WHEREAS, a proposed Ordinance Number 169 and entitled, "An Ordinance to Amend Section 3,
of Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas," has been introduced and read for the first
time and it is proposed to act oh the same as an emergency Ordinance, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that on account of the large amount of building being

carried on at this time that an urgent necessity exists for the protection of persons and property 

in the City of Las Vegas that the limits of Fire Zone No. 2 as defined by Ordinance No.

166 be extended and enlarged for the purpose of such protection, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board and it is so found by this Board of City Commissioners
that an emergency exists for the amendment of said Ordinance No. 166 for the purposes aforesaid

NOW THEREFORE, there being present at this a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners 
of the City of Las Vegas the entire Board of City Commissioners,

BE IT RESOLVED, that such proposed Ordinance be read for a second time at this meeting and

acted upon and adopted as an emergency Ordinance.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance No. 169, entitled "An Ordinance to amend Section No. 3 of Ordinance No
166 of the City of Las Vegas, " was thereupon read for the second time and adopted as an em-
ergency Ordinance by the consent of the entire Board upon the following vote; Commissioners
German, Hansell, Thomas and Mundy and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until

Thursday the 18th day of June at the Hour of three o'clock P.M.	
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 18th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, held on the 18th day of June 1931.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German,
Mundy, Hansell and Thomas, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of June 4th read and approved as read.

Bills ordered paid.

A petition was read to the Board of Commissioners from Mrs. Cora Nobblitt asking for
permission to use 12th Street in Fairview Addition to install water mains.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
City Attorney prepare a form of permit, and submit same to the Board of Commissioners for its
approval, and that the same be executed on behalf of the City, and signed by J.P. King, Supt.
of streets; vote on said motion was a follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and
Mundy and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A letter from the electrical workers in the City was next brought before the Board for
consideration. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried it was moved that petition for change
of electrical ordinance be referred to the City Attorney for his opinion on the legality of
proposed amendments. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas,
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Mundy recommended that Robert Shirley be given a new electrical exanim-
ation, and to use the same number of questions, but questions answered by the National electrical
Code.

The following petition was next presented to the Board for consideration:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

June 10, 1931.

To the Honorable

Board of City Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

The undersigned, citizens and taxpayers of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby petition
your honorable Board to appoint Mr. Henry Blacknall, a citizen of this city, to the position
of police officer of the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Blacknall was for six years a Deputy United States Marshall, and three years a
peace officer, and is well qualified for the position.

Said petition was then signed by a number of citizens.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hanselll seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
said above mentioned petition be referred to Commissioner German, Police and Fire Commissioner.
Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy, Hansell, and His Honor- the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner German not voting.



Attorney Leo Mc Namee appeared before the Board at this time and ask that the water from
the City well to the west of the City be used for irregation purposes for the Taylor and
Williams ranches.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the use of the water from said City well be given to the above mentioned ranches, and
that a form of agreement be drawn up and that the City be protected from operating a public
utility.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy, Hansell and Ger-
man and His Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Commissioner German was directed to check the fire plugs in the City of Las Vegas,
and order the necessary parts to repair said plugs.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, regulating travel
and traffic upon the public street; establishing a central traffic district; and providing
a penalty for the breach of any of the rules or regulations regarding traffic in this or-
dinance provided, and repealing ordinances Nos. 66-68-69-90-94-120-124-125-127-141 and 143
of the City of Las Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith,"
was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

ON motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German the following Re-
solution, was duly adopted:

Resolved, that on and after June 22nd, 1931 that the gas and oil used in City cars
in any department of the City be decured from the pump being installed at the City Street
Department quarters at 6th and Linden Streets, and a record to be kept of all gas used.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the various departments of the City advertise for bids for prices on standard tires and tubes
to be used on City cars and trucks.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, German, and
Lundy and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes none.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 24th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 24th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 24th day of June 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell, and Thomas,
Deputy City Attorney Henderson, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner German, and City Attorney Stevens.

Minutes of meeting of June 18th read and approved as read.

No reports from Commissioners.

Communications read and disposed of.

Several citizens appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the condition of
the City Dump ground, and reported that persons were dumping dry garbage just off the street
and not taking same into the place provided for same.

The Clerk was directed to notify Commissioner German, and have him direct a police officer
to patrol said section and take action if necessary.



At this time the matter of using streets and alleys in Meadows and Boulder Additions to
the City of Las Vegas for installing water mains was brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
permission be granted to use the streets and alleys of Boulder and Meadows Additions of the
City of Las Vegas for installing water mains.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 29th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 29th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 29th day of June 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, German
and Mundy, City Attorney Stevens and Deputy City Clerk Mary Taylor.

Absent City Clerk Viola Burns.

Commissioner Mundy reported on information received from Austin-Western Road Machinery
Co. and The Elgin Motor Sweeper Company regarding the purchase of a street sweeper for the City
of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German the Clerk was
instructed to write for bids from the Austin-Western Road Machinery Comapany and the Elgin
Motor Sweeper Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell, Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.



The petition of S. Abrahm to remove Lots 31 and 32, Block 1, South Addition to Las Vegas
from the residential zone and place same in the Commercial zone was read and referred to the City
Building Inspector and the City Attorney.
Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following
Preambles and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas on the 5th day of March, 1551, the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, by resolution duly adopted
authorized the offering for sale of Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1931 Series) in the sum of
Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00), as appears from the minutes of the proceedings of said
Board on that date at pages 145-146 and 147 of Book 3 of the Minutes of the Proceedings of
said Board and

Whereas, the sale of said bonds was noticed in accordance with the provisions
of the law of the State of Nevada applicable thereto, and said bonds were sold on the
9th day of April, 1931 to Bank of Southern Nevada, Incorporated, a corporation of Las
Vegas, Nevada upon a bid of par and accrued interest, such interest being fixed by
the successful bidder at 5½% per annum, and

Whereas, said bonds have been printed and are now ready for delivery to said
purchaser, Bank of Southern Nevada, Inc., and

Whereas, a mistake was made in the printing of said bonds and coupons attached
thereto, In that said interest was placed at six per cent, per annum instead of 5½ per
annum, and

Whereas, a great necessity exists for the obtaining of the money for said bonds
immediately for the uses and purposes for which said bonds were ordered to be issued,
sold and delivered,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the printed form of said bonds and coupons
be appropriately changed by pen and ink interlineation, so that the same shall appear to
bear interest at the rate of five and one-half per cent (5½) per annum instead of at six
(6) per annum as was printed in said bonds and coupons annexed thereto.

BE IN FURTHER RESOLVED, ordered and directed, that for the purpose of creating
a fund for the payment of the bonds sold, and the interest thereon, promptly as the same
falls due there shall be levied and collected by the proper officers of the City of
Las Vegas annually a special tax on the assessed value of all property, both real and
personal, subject to taxation, including proceeds of mines, within the boundaries of the C
City of Las Vegas, until such bonds and the interest thereon shall have been fully paid,
sufficient to pay the interest on said bonds, and to pay and retire, beginning with Bond
No. 1 and consecutively thereafter, not more than two of said bonds annually until all of
said bonds have been redeemed and retired. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the
same manner and at the same time as other city taxes are assessed and collected, and the
proceeds thereof shall be kept by the City Treasurer in a special fund to be known as the
"Las Vegas- Boulder Dam Highway Redemption Fund;" provided, that the foregoing shall not
apply with regard to the assessment and collection of taxes in the case where any of such
bonds are paid by special assessment as provided for in Chapter VI of the 1931 Session
Laws of the State of Nevada.

Vote on the above resolution being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas, Hansell and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners considered the gaming licenses that
had been filed with the Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
that a gaming license be granted the Overland Barber Shop to operate a slot machine at
8 Fremont St. Said application being in proper form, and the amount necessary for
for the operation of the machine accompanying the application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that a gaming license be granted the Rainbow Club at 127 & 129 South First St..

Said application being in proper form and the amounts needed for the operations of the
tables accompanying the application.

Vote on s id motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that a gaming license be granted the Northern Club at 15 Fremont St. Said
application being in proper form and the amounts needed for the operations of the tables
accompanying the applications.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas,

Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was
moved that a gaming license be granted the Las Vegas Club at 21 and 23 Fremont St.

Said application being in proper form and the amounts needed for the operations of the
tables accompanying the applications.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor H. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the
following slot machines licenses were granted. Applications being on file with the Clerk
and the proper amount being on file with each application.

Abe H. Linenthal    1 Slot Machine

S.	S. Thornton	2	"	"

DeLuxe Barber Shop  l	"	"

Las Vegas Club	13	"	"

Northern Club	4	"	"

Rainbow Club	3	"	"

Vote on above motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas,
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Attorney A. W. Ham appeared before the Board in regard to the granting of a
gaming license to J. R. Boyer. No action was taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JULY 6, 1931

	

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the

City of Las Vegas, held on the 6th day of July 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

The following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German
Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and Deputy City Clerk Mary Taylor.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed acting Finance Commissioner during the ab-
sence of Commissioner Thomas.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that Commissioner German be given authority to call for bids for two light cars
to be used by the Police Department.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Motion was made by Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German
that bids be called for one dump truck to be used by the Street Department, also bids
for Tires and Tubes for all city equipment for a period of one year.

The following vote was taken: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Commissioner of Streets and Public Property, W. B. Mundy, announced
that he had received but one bid on Street Sweeper, proposed to be acquired on a lease
basis, such bid being from Austin Western Road Machinery Company, and recommended that
the bid be accepted.



Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the bid of Austin Western Road Machinery Company to lease
to the City of Las Vegas, with option to purchase one Austin-Motor Pick-up Sweeper
complete with extra gutter broom, extra pick-up broom and set of tools including one
broom filling machine, same delivered and put in service at Las Vegas, Nevada on the
following terms, namely, a rental payable as follows: $850 on the 5th day of August,

1931 and $260.00 on the 5th day of each and every month thereafter until twenty-four
such payments have been made, at which time the City shall have the option to purchase
said Motor Sweeper for the sum of Ninety Dollars. As a part of such consideration
the City to agree to deliver said Austin Western Road Machinery Company one second-
hand Austin Sweeper, as it is now, at the City Yards.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and Street Commissioner be and they
ate hereby authorized to enter into a written lease contract with said Austin Western
Road Machinery Company for the leasing of said sweeper etc. upon the above basis in the
form of agreement presented to the meeting. Clerk to sign and attest the agreement
with seal of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Ge man, Mundy,
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas relating
to the Construction of Driveways," was read for a first time and laid over for a second
reading.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

EE IT RESOLVED that there be and is hereby adopted the following Standard
Specifications for all curb and gutter work and a 11 driveway paving in the City of
Las Vegas, namely:

STANDARD SPECIFICATIONS FOR CURB AND GUTTER

1.	CLASS OF CONCRETE. Curt and gutter will be constructed of concrete,
either Class A or Class B.

2.	DIMENSIONS OF CURB AND GUTTER. Curbs and gutters shall be constructed
of the size and dimensions shown on the plan attached hereto and made a part hereof.

3.	EXPOSED SURFACES OF CURB FINISHED. All exposed surfaces of the curb
and gutter shall be floated, trowled or brushed.

4.	FINISHING FACE OF SURFACE GUTTER. The cement mortar finished on the face
of the gutter shall be ½ inch in thickness.

SECTIONS. The curb and gutter shall be constructed continuously, in 10
foot sections, the different sections being separated from each other by using a one-
fourth (¼) inch iron or steel plate, extending from the bottom to the top of the curb
or gutter. The plate shall not be removed until the concrete has taken its initial set.
Plates must be smooth and free from foreign matter. They shall be oiled with mineral
oil immediately before using. Any plate that has become warped or injured shall not be
used.

6.	RULING AND FINISHING. When the surface is in the proper condition, it
shall be given a smooth trowel finish and then ruled off in sections of ten (10) feet.

A ruling shall be brought directly over the joint made by the plate.

7.	The curb and gutter shall be made to conform to the above mentioned

plans.
8.	ROUND CORNERS.

(a) LOCATION. Round corners shall he built to the radius shown on
the above mentioned plans and in such places as the City Engineer or Street Super-
intendent, as the case may be, may direct, and all conform to the requirements spec-
ified for the construction of curb and gutters.

(b) EXPANSION JOINTS. Expansion joints shall be constructed at a
points not distant more than fifty (50) feet apart, in the curb and gutter section,
and also at the point of curvature and at the end of the curve of each radius.

Such joints shall be constructed of tarred felt, equal in quality to Carey's
Elastite Paving Joints, one inch in thickness.

STANDARD SPECIFICATIONS FOR DRIVEWAY PAVING.

"	1. The paving of all driveways shall conform to the specifications for

sidewalks as contained in the ordinances and specifications of said City, relating
thereto, now in force or which may hereafter be adopted and put in force by the
City of Las Vegas, except as otherwise specified herein.

2.	Driveways shall be of two classes: 1. Private driveways. 2. Com-
mercial driveways.

Private driveways shall have paving five inches in thickness, with
rough finish beyond the exterior property line.

Commercial driveways shall have paving six inches in thickness, with
rough finish beyond the exterior property line.

3.	The outer edge of driveway shall be one and one-half inches above the
top of gutter.

4.	The ends of curbs shall be rounded to conform to the above-mentioned

plans.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of these specifications be filed in
the office of both the City Engineer and Street Superintendent.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German,
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, H. C. Keyes, of Kingman, Arizona was heretofore on the 15th day of
December, 1930 granted by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
a Permit to install, laydown and maintain gas mains, distributing pipes and supply
pipes and all necessary and proper appliances used in connection therewith, or
appurtenant thereto, in, through, over, across, under and long all or any of the
highways, streets, alleys and public grounds of the City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, the said H, C. Keyes or his ssigns, is or are ready and about to
commence the installation of the first unit of said system and for such purpose it
will be necessary that excavations be made in such highways, streets, alleys and
public grounds, and

Whereas, in such Permit it is provided:

"That the municipal authorities shall further have the power to make all

necessary reasonable rules and regulations for the location of, laying,
inspection and maintaining of all such gas mains, distributing pipes, supply pipes,

appliances and appurtenances, and shall have the power to change the rules
	and regulations from time to time as in their judgment may seem just and

proper. Such inspection to be at the expense of the Permittee or his
		assigns." and

Whereas the said Board of City Commissioners deem it advisable and necess-
ary at this time to promulgate certain rules and regulations governing the perform-
ance of such work by said H. C. Keyes, or his assigns, and to make certain other
orders in connection with the carrying out of said above-mentioned Permit,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the following rules and regulations
be and the same are hereby adopted, to be inforce and effect immediately upon
their adoption, relative to the performance of work by said H. C. Keyes, or his
assigns, under said Permit, adopted Dec. 15, 1930, to-wit:

RULES AND REGULATIONS

1.	All gas mains shall be laid to a depth of not less than 24 (Twenty-
four) inches below the surface of the street or alley upon which such main is to
be laid.

2.	No gas main or lateral shall be laid over a sewer or water main, or
within (18) eighteen inches of the outer edge of any such sewer or water main.

3.	The City shall have the right if deemed advisable by the Board of City
Commissioners or the Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner to employ at the expense of
the said Permittee, or his assigns, laying such gas mains and/or laterals, an
Inspector to inspect such work, with power to direct that all conditions of said
Permit, all provisions of Ordinances and regulations of this City relative thereto,
and all directions of the Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Light, or officer or
officers working under the direction of such Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner
are fully complied with. Said Inspector shall have the right to stop the work at
any time in case of the violation of such permit, ordinance, regulations or orders,
and such work shall not proceed in the particular in respect to which it is stopped except in
strict compliance with such permit, ordinance, regulations or order, as the case may
be. In case of disputes with reference to matters aforesaid where the parties are
unable to agree, the question shall be submitted to the Board of City Commissioners for
decision for settlement, and should Permittee or his assigns, as the case may be,
dissent from the decision of the Board of City Commissioners, then the matter shall be
referred to a Board of Arbitration consisting of three persons, one chosen by or in
behalf of said Permittee, or his assigns, one chosen by or in behalf of the Board of City
Commissioners, and a third person chosen by these two. The decision of any two of this
Board shall be final and binding on both said Permittee or his assigns and said City of
Las Vegas. The Permittee, or his assigns and said City of Las Vegas shall pay each one-
half of the expenses of such arbitration. In the event such work is being done by a
Contractor to whom such Permittee, or his assigns, shall let such work, then the word
"Contractor" shall be deemed to be inserted in this paragraph where ever the words "Per-
mittee or his assigns" occur.

4.	The person doing such work shall pay such Inspector promptly on the first day
of each month the compensation of such Inspector for the preceding month or portion thereof 

performed by such Inspector, at the rate of $8.00 per day. Failure to make such payment
promptly shall authorize the Inspector to stop all work whatsoever.

The person doing such work shall not make excavations in more than three
street intersections at any one time, and shall, in addition to the requirements of
Ordinance No. 37 of the City of Las Vegas, also maintain bridges over intersections where
required by the Street Superintendent of the City of Las Vegas. The person doing such work
shall also maintain a watchman on the works from sundown on each day until sunrise of the
following day, during construction, to see to it that all lights are kept burning which are
placed under the requirements of said Ord. No. 37.

6.	Whenever the use of explosives are necessary in the prosecution of such work the
party doing such work shall use all due precautions to see that proper warning is given to
vehicles and pedestrians and persons living or being in the neighborhood before such explos-
ives are set off in the work.

7.	If electric welding is used in the work of laying mains or laterals a suitable
barrier shall be placed around the welding apparatus to protect the eyesight of persons in
the neighborhood from damage from such welding apparatus in operation.

8.	The person doing the work shall provide and maintain such barriers, signs, red-
lights and watchmen and other means as may be necessary to prevent accidents or injury to
the public. He shall place at the points designated by the Inspector such warning signs or
signals as may be required by such Inspector.

9.	All explosives shall be stored in a secure manner, and in compliance with local
laws and ordinances, and all such storage places shall be marked clearly "Dangerous-Explosives"

10.	Permittee shall begin and complete such work within the time required by
the Certificate of Public Convenience heretofore issued by the Public Service Commission
of the State of Nevada on or about the 16th day of June, 1931, and shall at all times
during the progress of the work diligently prosecute or cause to be prosecuted such work
to completion, as afore said. The person doing such work shall so conduct his operations
so as to have under construction no greater length or amount of work than he can prose-
cute properly with due regard to the rights of the public.

11. Materials such as pipe, etc. for use in work shall be laid prior to install-
ation along the outer edge of the alleys in which work is progressing, so as not to ob-
struct traffic in the alley if traffic would otherwise be possible during the progress of
such work.

Be It further Resolved, that a copy of the foregoing Preambles and Resolution,
certified by the City Clerk or Deputy City Clerk be served upon Permittee, or his assigns
and upon the Contractor, if any, doing such work.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

A petition was presented to the Board of Commissioners signed by a number of pro-
perty owners, owning property along Fremont Street between Eighth Street and Twelfth Street
asking the Board to construct the ten foot width of Street on Fremont Street on each side
of the thirty foot Federal Aid strip in order to have a full width fifty foot paved street
and also to construct Hydraulic Cement Concrete curbs and gutters on each side of the
street from Eighth Street to Twelfth Street. The same type of construction to be used as
that on the Federal Aid strip of Thirty Foot Highway.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by grading for and surfacing with road mixed oil graveled surface and constructing hy-
draulic cement concrete curb and gutter (Combined) on certain streets and portions of
streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements; providing
that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the
lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according to benefits
except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required
to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating
thereto." was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 159 of the City of Las
Vegas by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 12A, and repealing all ordinance
and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith." was read for a first time and laid over
for a second reading.

An Ordinance entitled, " An Ordinance to amend Sections 1,3,6, and 9 of Ordinance
No. 161, of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend said Ordinance by adding a new Section to
be known as Section 22a, and repealing all Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.
"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, regulating Travel and Traffic
upon the public Streets; Establishing a central traffic district; and providing
a penalty for the breach of any of the rules or regulations regarding traffic
in this ordinance provided, and repealing ordinances Nos. 66,-68,-69,-86,-90,-
94,-120,-124,-125,-127,-141,- and 143 of the City of Las Vegas, and all Ordinances
and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith." was read to the Board for a second
time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and His

Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

This Ordinance shall take effect immediately after its passage and
publication in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of one week, six issues.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Berman
the following slot machine and gaming licenses were granted. Said appli-
cations being in proper form and amounts necessary for he operation of machines
and tables accompanying each application. All being on file with the City Clerk.

PeeWee Lunch	2	Slot	Machines

G.	E. Robinson	2	"	"

Town Barbecue	3	"	"

A. T. McCarter	2	"		     " 4 Tables, 2 Devices

Boulder Club	5	  "     " 4 Tables, 9 Devices

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	17	"	"

J. R. Michael	1	"	"

Green Mill Cafe	1	"	"

State Cafe	3	"	"

J.	Warren Woodard	3	"	"

Fountain Grill	2	"	"

Texaco Cafe	3	"	"

M. C. Day	1	"	"

Overland Hotel	3	"	"

W. E. Ferron	3	"	"

White Cross Drug Co.	3	"	"

Professional Pharmacy 3	"	"

Postoffice Drug Co.	3	"	"

Boulder Drug.	8	"	"

Vote on above motion being as follows: Commissioner Mundy, German and His
Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the
office of Chief of Police was declared vacant.

Vote being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy,

Mr. Clay Williams was appointed to fill the office of Chief of Police.

Vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, conditions have changed in the City of Las Vegas since the adop-
tion of that certain Resolution by this Board at a recessed Regular meeting of said
Board on the 17th day of April 1931, wherein it was provided among other things
that until the further or other order of this Board and until further or other
gaming licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines)
are reasonably necessary for the accomodation of the public and the granting of such
further or other licenses will not contravene public interest and will not require
an excessive amount of police protection for a City of the size of Las Vegas, Nevada
having in mind the funds provided for police protection under the City's 1931 and
1932 Budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the city funds applicable to
police protection, no further gaming licenses (other that licenses solely for the
operation of slot machines and for additional games, at the location for which license
is already granted under the provisions of Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las
Vegas) be granted, and

Whereas, in the opinion of this Board under said changed conditions there
is a need and demand for at least seven such gaming licenses for the quarter be-
ginning July 1, 1931 and ending September 30, 1931, and the City's interest
will be served thereby,

Now Therefore, Be It Resolved, that until the further order of this Board
not more than seven such gaming licenses shall be issued or granted for said quarter
which said seven licenses shall include the renewal of the six licenses heretofore
granted for the quarter beginning April 1, 1931 and ending June 30, 1931, and one
additional license. The above is to taken as exclusive of licenses for slot machines.

The vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy,

German and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German,
the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, J. R. Boyer had applied in proper form for a gaming license, ex-
clusive of slot machine license, for the quarter beginning April 1, 1931 and ending
June 30, 1931, to operate at No. 217 North First St., and said J. R. Boyer had theretofore
for a period of about twenty-seven months immediately prior thereto held licenses
for gaming under previous Ordinances and laws in said City of Las Vegas, and should have
been given a license for said quarter beginning April 1, 1931, as aforesaid, and
Whereas, said J. R. Boyer now has in proper form before this Board a
license application for games, exclusive of slot machines, at No. 217 North First
Street in said City of Las Vegas, and has tendered the necessary license fees
therefor,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved, that the application of said J. R. Boyer
for such gaming license for said quarter beginning July 1, 1931 and ending Sept-
ember 30, 1931, be and the same is hereby approved and license be directed to be
issued to said J. R. Boyer in conformity with the provisions of said application
and the Ordinances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas, such license to be
considered as one of the seven licenses authorized to be issued for said last
mentioned quarter under Resolution heretofore at this meeting adopted.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German
and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German the
gaming application of George Thompson was rejected. Said application not being
presented in proper form.

Vote on above application being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the
office of the Clerk.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday July 13, 1931 at the hour of 3:00 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 13th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 13th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Hansell,
Mundy and Thomas, City Attorney Stevens and Viola Burns City Clerk.

At this time the Board considered the repairing of the City Jail, and Police and
Fire Commissioner German having looked into the matter of the cost of repair said building,
and the Desert Iron works being the most reasonable in its estimate there upon motion of
Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the City Jail be re-
paired by the Desert Iron works at the cost of $224.00. Vote on said Motion was as follows
Commissioner German, Thomas, Hansell and Mundy and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting
Aye. Noes none.

At this time the bids were opened on the purchasing of two cars for the Police Dept.
and one truck for the Street Dept. and on tires and tubes for all departments of the City.
A Number of bids being received they were taken under consideration to be acted upon at a
future date.

At This time a letter from the Union Pacific System was read to the Board whereby
said system endorsed Mr. Webster L. Benham as Engineer for the proposed sewer system in
the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Frank M. Ryan appeared before the Board representing a number of property owners
on Stewart Street asking that Stewart Street be improved with curbs, gutters and grading
and graveling. His request was in reference to a petition filed with the City Clerk Feb-
ruary 18th, 1931.

Two petitions entitled:

Las Vegas, Nevada,	July 7th, 1931.

To the Hon. Mayor and Members of the City Commissioners,
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

It is proposed by some interested parties to remove the prostitutes from Block
No. 16 in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite to conduct their business on Block No. l. in the
original Townsite of Las Vegas, which Block No. 1 is situate on Clark Avenue, which is the
most southerly street in said original Townsite of Las Vegas, and lays between the U.P.
Railway main track and North Main Street, right where all residents of the original town-
site of Las Vegas have to pass on their way to the railroad depot, the business dis-
trict, and the U.S. Post Office, on Clarks Las Vegas Townsite. Right where all travellers
by railroad, and automobile tourists, have to pass on their way throughout the City of Las

Vegas. Right where all high school and grammar school children have to pass on their
way to attend their classes.
We the undersigned citizens of Las Vegas hereby make a vigorous protest to your council and
request you not to sanction in any way, manner or form, the removal of the women of said Block
No. 16 to said Black No. 1 in the original townsite of Las Vegas. Please notify us through the
press, what action you take on this protest petition/

Said petitions were signed by a number of citizens, were presented to the Board, and no
action taken at the present time.

A petition entitled:

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 10th, 1931.

Mayor and City Commissioners
City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

In line with the recent request of the Treasury Department for the removal of the segregated
district to a point outside of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, please be advised that we, the
undersigned, property owners and lessees now located in Block 16 of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, will, when it becomes necessary, move this segregated district and handle the sit-
uation ourselves.

Said petition being signed by a number of interested citizens, and presented to the
Board of Commissioners for its consideration.

There upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that no action be taken on the removal of the segregated district until the in-
terested parties be given thirty days notice to appear before the Board and present for its
approval a location for said district.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioners Thomas the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas this Board is in receipt of a letter bearing date June 30, 1931 from Perry

K.	Heath, Asst. Secy. of the Treasury, calling attention to the letter of former Mayor J.F.
Hesse, of date August 22, 1929 to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States, wherein
in consideration of the construction of the United States Post Office Building on land to be
donated to the U.S. Government for such building, said City was to make certain improvements
and requiring prompt action to be taken on the improving conditions in the vicinity of the
Post Office site,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that it is the sense of this Board that the representations
made by said former Mayor be ratified and confirmed by this Board, and that the Clerk of this
Board notify in writing said Assistant Secretary of the Treasury that through this Board act-
ion will be taken by said City to improve said conditions and carry out said representations
as promptly as the circumstances and conditions of the funds of this City will permit.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin Voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. Leonard Blood, Deputy Labor Commissioner appeared before the Board at this time in-
regard to the City of Las Vegas giving aid in the maintenance of a registration office in
the City of Las Vegas to be operated in connection with the Employment Office at the Hoover
Dam.

No action was taken at this time.

The application of Roy Grimes and L.A. Williams for the operation of a gaming house at
Lorenzi Lake Resort was next brought before the Board for consideration.

No motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German the following Preambles
and Resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 6th day of July, 1931 a Resolution was duly adopted to the effect that until the
further order of this Board not more than seven gaming licenses (other than licenses solely
for the operation of slot machines) be granted for the quarter commencing July 1. 1931 and
ending Sept. 30, 1931, and

WHEREAS, on this 15th day of July, 1931 there has been presented to this Board an
application of Roy Grimes and L.A. Williams for a gaming license at Lorenzi Lake Resort,
that is to say, a license for six games, the same to be conducted in a room on the First
Floor on the north said of the Dance Hall Pavilion at said Lorenzi Lake Resort, and

WHEREAS, said applicants have promised to at all times during the continuance of such
license, if granted, to keep employed at their own expense for at least eight hours each day
a city policeman, the individual to be designated from time to time by the police department
of said City and at such rate of compensation as shall be fixed by said police department, and
to pay such policeman promptly on the first day of each month for services rendered as such
policeman for the preceding month, and also to pay to the City of Las Vegas the sum of One
Hundred Dollars heretofore expended by the City of Las Vegas in and about a certain mandamus
suit heretofore brought by said Roy Grimes in the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada and
decided by said Court adversely to said Roy Grimes and his co-petitioners therein, and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that the location of said proposed gaming house is
in the industrial district or zone of the City of Las Vegas and that is is far removed from
the business center and the center of dense population of said City, and that the policing
of said place will not add any additional burden on said City, and that the interests of the
City will be served by the granting of such license,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that if the said applicants shall in addition to the
payment of the license fees for the games applied for by said applicants shall also pay to the
said City of Las Vegas the sum of $100.00, so heretofore expended by said City as aforesaid
a license shall be granted to said applicants as applied for and that as a part of this Res-
olution said Resolution of date July 6, 1931 be and the same is hereby changed and modified
to that until the further order of this Board not more than eight such gaming licenses be
issued or granted for said quarter, which shall include the seven licenses heretofore renewed
or granted for this quarter and the said license hereby granted. The above is to be taken
as exclusive of licenses for slot machines.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said license to said Grimes and Williams be granted only

upon the express condition that they shall promptly pay the compensation of said police
man, as the same becomes due as aforesaid, and that the gaming shall be located in the room and
building which is changed in accordance with the plans this day filed with and presented
to this Board, and that upon failure so to do, such failure shall be deemed and taken as
a ground, in addition to the grounds now provided by, for the revocation of such license.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that except as herein modified and changed said Resolution of
date July 6, 1931 shall remain in full force and effect.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Commissioner Thomas voting No.

The application of above mentioned Roy grimes and L.A. Williams being in proper form,
and money coverning license fee for same being on file the Clerk was directed to issue said
license.

Mr. L.A. Williams at once paid the Clerk $100.00 as provided by the foregoing Resolution

On motion duly made seconded and carried the following slot machine licenses were
issued. Said Applications being in proper form, and the money coverning same on file in the
office of the City Clerk.

A. T. McCarter	2	Slot	Machines.

R. C. Andrus	1	"	"

J.T. Watters	6	"	*

Lorenzi Lake Resort 2	"	"

E. P. Bihlmaier	32	"	"

Licenses for above mentioned slot machines were granted by the following vote: Com-
missioners German, Mundy, Thomas, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Cragin voting Aye.

Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of granting a gaming license to J.D.

Butler and H.D. Me Bride for license to be operated under at 110 South 1st Street, at the
Big Four Club. The proper papers being presented to the Board showing the formation of a
co-partnership upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that a gaming license be granted said co-partnership, as application was in proper
form, and the money to cover said application being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board considered the calling of a special election for the voting
on bonds for a sewer system and disposal plant in the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, it is deemed necessary for the health, comfort and safety of the people
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to provide adequate outfall main sanitary sewers and an
efficient modern sewerage disposal plant to serve certain territory within the limits of the
City, and

Whereas, the present system is inadequate for such purposes, and

Whereas, the City's Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Benham, has made the necessary
investigations, surveys, general plans, profiles and estimates of cost of such main outfall
sanitary sewers and sewerage disposal plant, and

Whereas, the engineer's estimate of cost of such main sanitary outfall sewers and
sewerage disposal plant in accordance with report heretofore filed in in amount of One
Hundred and Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00), which main sewers are of the size and
location substantially as follows:-

10" diameter- Charleston Blvd. from Third Street to Eighth Street.

12" diameter- Eighth Street from Charleston Blvd. to Gass Street.

12" diameter-Gass Street from Eighth Street to alley between Eighth and Ninth Streets.
12" diameter - Alley between Eighth and Ninth Streets from Gass Street to Clark

Street.

8" diameter - Garces Street from the alley between Main and First Streets to the
alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets.

8" diameter - Alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets from Garces Street to Bonne-
ville Street.

8" diameter - Bonneville Street from alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets to the
alley between Sixth and Seventh Streets.

10" diameter - Alley between Sixth and Seventh Streets from Bonneville to Clark

Streets.

10" diameter - Clark Street from the alley between Sixth and Seventh Streets to
the alley between Twelfth and Thirteenth Streets.

12 " diameter- Clark Street from the alley between Twelfth and Thirteenth Streets
to Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets.

18" diameter - Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets from Clark Street to the sewerage
disposal plant to be located immediately north of Tankels Addition between Bruce and Four-
teenth Streets produced north.

8" diameter - Bridger Street from the alley between seventh and Eighth Streets to
Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets.

8" diameter - East and west alley between Fremont and Ogden Streets from the alley
between Eleventh and Twelfth Streets to Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets.

10" diameter - Fremont Street from the connection with the present sewer on the
property of the Union Pacific Railroad Company west of Main Street to Main Street.

10" diameter - Main Street from Fremont Street to Stewart Street.

10" diameter - Stewart Street from Main Street to Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets.

10" Diameter - Alley between Third and Fourth Streets from the east and west alley
between Ogden and Fremont Street to Stewart Street.

15" diameter - Oak Street from connection with the present sewer to alley between
Clark and La Salle Streets.

12" diameter - Oak Street from alley between Clark and La Salle Streets to Four-
teenth or Fifteenth Streets.

8" diameter - (Original Townsite) First Street and Clark Avenue to alley between
Gass and Stewart Avenues.

10" diameter - (Original Townsite) First Street from alley between Gass and Stewart
Avenues to Washington Avenue.

12 " diameter - From the intersection of First Street and Washington Avenue
(Original Townsite) southeasterly to the intersection of State and Croissant Streets at the
northwest corner of Stewart Addition.
10" diameter - Croissant Street from State Street to Fourteenth or Fifteenth Streets to
connect with the proposed 18" outfall main sewer leading to the sewerage disposal plant.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA,

(l) That the said general plan and report for such system of main sanitary outfall
sewers and sewerage disposal plant as prepared and recommended by the City's Consulting Eng-
ineer be and the same is hereby adopted and approved:

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark
State of Nevada, deem it necessary to borrow money on behalf of said City of Las Vegas, a muni-
cipal corporation of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for the purpose of constructing main
sanitary outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to and also as am extension
of the present sanitary sewer system in said City of Las Vegas, by issuing negotiable coupon
bonds of said City of Las Vegas in the amount of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00),
NOW THEREFORE, IT IS RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
as follows, to-wit:

1.	That there shall be submitted to the regularly qualified electors of said City of
Las Vegas. at a special election on Wednesday the 12th day of August, A.D. 1951 the following
question, to-wit:

QUESTION SUBMITTED.

"Shall the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark State of Nevada, contract a bonded indebtedness in the amount of One Hundred
Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) for the purpose of constructing main sanitary
outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to an also as an extension
of the present sanitary sewer system in said City, by issuing negotiable coupon bonds
of said City of Las Vegas therefor: said bonds to bear interest at the rate not to
exceed seven per centum per annum (the rate to be fixed by the bid of the successful
bidder); to bear date the first day of July, 1931; to consist of One Hundred Sixty
	(160) bonds in the denomination of the par value of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)

each; interest payable semi-annually on the 2nd day of January and the first day
of July of each year; said bonds shall mature $8000.00 on the first day of July in
each of the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive."

2.	All persons voting on the question submitted as such election, shall vote on separate
ballots whereon is placed and printed the words "Sewerage Bonds- yes," and "Sewerage Bonds-No,"
in parallel lines one above the other. The voter will scratch out the word "Yes" if opposed

to the bonds and the word "No" if in favor of the issue.

3.	No person shall be allowed to vote at said election unless he resides within the
exterior boundaries of said City of Las Vegas and is qualified to vote at said election and
whose name appears upon the official register of voters in and for said City.

4.	The Polls for the reception of the ballots cast upon said question on the day, time
and place aforesaid, shall be opened and kept open and closed at the same hours as the polls
for general elections. In addition to the provisions of the City Charter relative to special
elections the said election shall in all other respects be conducted and held in accordance
with the provisions of the general election laws of the State of Nevada, so far as the same
may be applicable and not inconsistent with said provisions of said City Charter and Ordin-
ances of said City.

5.	That the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas shall cause a notice, signed by the
Mayor and attested by such City Clerk, to be published at least once a week for a least three
consecutive weeks in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas,
calling for said special election by the regularly qualified electors of said City as to
whether such bonds shall issue. Such notice shall state and specify, among other things,
consecutively, the amount of the proposed bond issue, the rate of interest said bonds are to
bear, time and manner of their payment and that they are for the purpose of constructing main
sanitary outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to and also as an extension
of the present sanitary sewer system in said City of Las Vegas, the question submitted,

the hours during the day on which the polls will be open, and the denomination of the bonds.

Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

PUBLIC NOTICE OF SEWER BOND ELECTION OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA.

Public notice is hereby given according to law and the requisite action of the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
there will be submitted to the regularly qualified electors of said City of Las Vegas at a
special election on Wednesday the 12th day of August, A.D. 1931, the following question for
their vote and determination:

QUESTION SUBMITTED.

"Shall The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, contract a bonded indebtedness in the amount of One Hundred
Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) for the purpose of constructing main sanitary
outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to an also as an extension
of the present sanitary sewer system in said City, by issuing negotiable coupon bonds
of said City of Las Vegas therefor; said bonds to bear interest at the rate not to
exceed seven per centum per annum ( the rate to be fixed by the bid of the successful
bidder); to bear date the first day of July 1931; to consist of One Hundred Sixty
(160) bonds in the denomination of the par value of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00)
each; interest payable semi-annually on the 2nd day of January and the first day of
July each year; said bonds shall mature $8000.00 on the first day of July in each of
the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive?"

All persons voting on the question submitted at such election, shall vote on separate
ballots whereon is placed and printed the words "Sewerage bonds- yes," and "Sewerage bonds- No."
in parallel lines one above the other. The voter will scratch out the word "Yes" if opposed
to the bonds, and the word "No" if in favor of the issue.
Precinct No. 1, voting Board
Inspectors:

Agnes Watters
Florence Mellor
Catherine Riggen
Clerks:

Stella Stroller
Florence Mc Clintock

Precinct No. 2, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Luetta Gill
Minerva Hanford
Josephine Johnson
Clerks:

Luella Hansell
Anna B. Dotson

Precinct No. 3, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Sarah Furlong
Minnie Woodard
Reba Arnett
Clerks:

Elizabeth Froman
Eloda Pickett

Precinct No. 4, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Callie J. Paulus
Agnes Mott
Mamie Croal

Mrs. C.H. Bradford
La Verna Whipple

Precinct No. 5, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Eva W. King
Wanda Farrel
Lola May Adams
Clerks:

Leona May
Daisy Nungesser

Precinct No. 6, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Mrs. Delphine Squires
Marie Ogle
Elizabeth Pembroke
Clerks:

Mary J. Lodwick
Sadie Younce

Precinct No. 1, Counting Board
Inspectors:

Flossie A. Wasden
Mabel Ingram
Ida Frehner Miller
Clerks:

Bertha Montgomery
Viola Fitzgerald.

Precinct No. 2, Counting Board
Inspectors:

Kate Santongue
Helen Scott
Perle Brown
Clerks:

Mary Taylor
Donna Honrath.

Precinct No. 3, Counting Board,
Inspectors:

Geo. Hamilton
La Prele Neagle
Bertha Levigne
Clerks:

Ethel M. Kent
Irene De Brink.

Precinct No. 4, Counting Board.
Inspectors:

Lottie Mc Kenzie
Louise Conklin
Lydia Homan
Clerks:

Hilda Pine
Norma Ullom.

Precinct No. 5 Counting Board.
Inspectors:

Luella Mc Evoy
E.E.Casey
Racie Goodwin
Clerks:

Marie Gildner
Julia P. Mundy.

Precinct No. 6, County Board.
Inspectors:

Gladys Stinson
Ethel Roberts
Elizabeth Carmicheal
Clerks:

Alice Ryerse
Marjorie Pyaett

No person shall be allowed to vote at said ejection unless he resides within the ex-
terior boundaries of said City of Las Vegas and is qualified to vote at said election and
whose name appears upon the official register of voters in and for said City.

The polls for the reception of ballots cast upon said question on the day, time and
place aforesaid, shall be opened and closed as follows: Opened at 8 o'clock A.M. remaining
open until 6 O'clock in the afternoon of the same day, at which time the polls shall be
closed.

The election precincts established with the said city limits by the Board of County
Commissioners of the County of Clark, State of Nevada and in force at the date of this
notice, shall be the election precincts for said special election. The polling places
in each of said precincts shall be as follows:

No. l, At the City Fire House.

No. 2, City Clerk's Office

No. 3, 303 So. Main St. Montana House.

NO. 4, At Clark's Garage, on Clark Street near Main St.

No. 5, At Lou Martin Garage, 4th and Ogden Sts.

No. 6, At the L.D.S. Church, corner of Sixth and Carson Streets.

No. 7, At Junior High School Building.

No. 8, Garage 312 Gass Street.

 No. 9, Gilbert's Garage, Clark Avenue Westside.

By Order of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada this 13th day of July, A.D. 1931.

6.	That the following Inspectors and Clerks be and they are hereby appointed for
each of said respective voting precincts, viz:
Precinct No. 7, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Anna Pieffer
Alice Day
Ruth Cahlan
Clerks:

Anna Vought
Daisy Kramer

Precinct No. 8, Voting Board,
Inspectors:

Clara Wadsworth
Ethel Mackey
Effie Deadrich
Clerks:

Bertha M. Bailey
Amanda Cramer

Precinct No. 9, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Susanna Mankewicz
W.E. Reeder
Caroline Carroll
Clerks:

Holmes L. Warren
Mrs. Perry Young

Precinct No. 7, Counting Board.
Inspectors:

Mabel Butcher Grant
C. J. Harvey
Ethel Matteucci
Clerks:

Mabel C. Ayers
Lillian A. Duff.

Precinct No. 8, Counting Board.
Inspectors:

Julia Cahlan
Alice Henderson
Harriette Hemphill
Clerks:

Billee W. Yates.

Elizabeth Martin.

Precinct No. 9, Counting Board,
Inspectors:

Elizabeth Bailey

T.A. Peterson
Opal Mocock
Clrks:

C.V.T. Gilbert
Zetta Hidden

7.	There shall be required no new registration of electors preceding said special
election; but the County Clerk shall prepare, certify and deliver such registration lists
and perform such duties with regard to said special election as are provided to be performed
by him by the provisions of Sec. 4 of Chapter 40 of the 1929 Session Laws of the State of
Nevada.

8.	The	City	Clerk of said City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized	and	directed to pre-
pare	ballots,	conduct voting by absent electors as provided in Sections	2553 to 2567, inclusive, 

of Nevada Complied Laws, 1929, and particularly:

1.	Upon the	receipt of the returned ballot from the elector, but not later than three

days	prior to	said	election day, the City Clerk shall, opposite the name of the voter in the

book provided for in said Sections 2553 to 2567, inclusive, write in ink the words "Received

---------------; sent to-------------------inspector of election----------precinct-----------

County, Nevada," and shall send by registered mail the envelope containing the ballot,
unopened, to one of the duly appointed inspectors of election where such ballot is to be
voted."

2.	Three days prior to the election in which the ballots are designated to be cast,
the City Clerk shall make a list of the voters who have applied for ballots in accordance
with the provisions of said Sections 2553 to 2567, inclusive, those whose ballots have been
returned, and the precincts in which the ballots are to be voted. A true copy of said list
shall be posted in a conspicuous place in the county courthouse, and a copy shall also be
posted at the polling-place of the predict where the ballots are to be voted.

3.	The city clerk shall, not later than the day preceding said election, deliver to
one of the inspectors of election for each precinct in said city, the book or list prepared
for the precinct in which said inspector of election is to act, as provided in Section 4,
of Chapter 40 of the 1929 Session Laws of the State of Nevada.

4.	The City Clerk shall prepare and deliver to an inspector of election for each
precinct all necessary supplies and equipment as required by the general election law
for the conduct of general elections, such supplies to be delivered to said inspectors not
later than the day preceding such special election.

The City Clerk shall also do and perform such and other and further acts, and give
such notices as may be necessary or required by law, The Charter of the City of Las Vegas or
by the General Election Laws of the State of Nevada, in order that said special election
may be called and held, and that the qualified electors of said City may be given due notice
thereof,

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell
and Mundy and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that all monies received by the City of Las Vegas, from any sources, except from taxes be
passed through the office of the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Mundy, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

NO further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 21st day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 21st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 21st day of July, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners
Mundy and German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

This being the time set for the hearing of any objections, suggestions or protests
on the improving of Fremont Streets from the west line of Eighth Street to the West line of
twelfth Streets with a ten foot strip of paving on either side of the proposed Federal
Aid Thirty foot improvement on said street, and the construction of Hydraulic Cement Con-
crets Surbs and Gutters in said district, and no protests either written or oral being re-
ceived by this Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner
German that the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, That this being the time set for the hearing of any objection, suggestions,
or protests, Tuesday the 21st day of July 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. and
none either in writing or oral being presented to the Board, that the Board of Commissioners
proceed in the regular manner with the said improvement, and that C.C.Boyer, District
Highway Engineer be notified of the action taken by this Board on this 21st day of July 1951,

Be It Further Resolved, that the City bear the expense of the additional ten foot
paving on either side of the original thirty foot of street improvement under Federal Aid,
and the construction of Hydraulic Cement Concrete curbs and gutters.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor
Mayor Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

A Petition entitled: We the undersigned property owners, owning property on Fre-
mont Street between 12th Street and 14th Street, hereby petition you Honorable Board, to
allow us to have the ten foot strip on each side of the thirty foot Federal Aid strip of
roadway on Fremont Street paved from 12th Street to 14th Street and also have curb and gutter
constructed on each side of the street in the same district. The paving to be of the same
type as that used on the Federal Aid strip and the curb and gutter to conform to City
 Standard now inuse. further agree to enter into a contract with General Construction
Corporation to do this work and coverning the manner of payment for the same. This payment
to be made by us direct to the contractor in accordance with the terms of our agreement
with him, the cost to us to be the same as for the same work being done between 8th and 12th
Streets." was presented to the Board signed by a number of property owners in said district.
The Board instructed those present representing the said district petitioning for improvement
that the City would only pay one fourth of the expense of the paving of the two street in-
tersections, and that the property owners would have to pay the other three fourths of said
improvement on said intersections, and that the work would be under the supervision of the
City Engineer and the Supt. of City Streets.

Mr. Mc Garvey appeared before the Board in regard to an examination for a plumbing
license. He was instructed that he might appear before the Board of Examiners of Plumbers
at the next examination held and be given an examination.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed to act as Finance Commissioner owing to the absence
of Finance Commissioner Thomas. Semi-monthly salary bills for the Police Department were
allowed at this time.

The Mayor approved the reports of the Municipal Court Judge, W.G. Morsean and the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of June were as follows:

$1,392.00 Municipal Court Fines.

1.898.87	City Licenses, Fess and Cemetery Lots.

3,290.87	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$2,500.00 P and F Fund.

471.57 General Fund.

209.50	W.S. and L. Fund.

110.00	Cemetery Fund.

5,290.87

A form of agreement was presented to the Board for its approval covering the use
of water, between the City of Las Vegas, and Frank A. Allen.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the following Resolution
was adopted:

Resolved, That the Board of Commissioner approve the form of agreement presented to this
Board on June 18th, 1951, between the City of Las Vega, and Frank A. Allen for use of water
from City owned land, that said agreement Rad been approved by the Public Service Commission
of the State of Nevada on the 7th day of July 1951, and that said agreement be signed by
the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, and attest by the City Clerk under the seal of the City.
That the agreement be executed in duplicate, and a copy for with sent to Frank A. Allen.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

0 motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
bus stops in front of the Nevada, and Overland Hotels be designated by appropriate signs to
be installed by J. P. King Supt. of Streets in conformity with the Travel and Traffic Ordin-
ance No. 170 now in full force and effect.

Vote on said motions was as follows: Commissioners German and Mundy and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the following slot machine licenses be granted, that applications are in proper form and
the amounts to cover same being on file with the Clerk:

	S.L. Lipkin	2Slot Machines

Roy Grimes & Williams 4 Slot Machines
Vegas Sweet Shoppe 1	"	"
Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board considered the bids on the purchasing of a dump truck for the
City Street Dept. The Bid of A.C.Grant authorized Ford Dealer appearing to the Board as the
best bid upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the City of Las Vegas purchase from A.C.Grant one Ford Dump Truck for the City Street Dept.
Same to be purchased on a lease contract.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board at this time also considered the bids on the two cars to be purchased for
the City Police Dept. The bid of the Desert Chevrolet Company appearing to the Board as
the best bid on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
and carried that the City of Las Vegas purchase two two door sedans from the Desert Chevro-
let company, and that said company take in on the purchase price one Buick Sedan. Cars to
be purchased on a lease contract.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, James C. Thomas and Marie Thomas Kendall, owners of the south fifty-two
and four-tenths feet (52.4) of lots numbers twenty (20) and twenty-one (21) in Block
number Two (2) of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, Clark County State of Nevada, together with
the two story building situate thereon, have during the month of July, 1931 permitted the
Police Department of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to install and there has been installed
upon the roof of said building, a signal light for said police department, connected with
the	adjoining building occupied by the	Police Department	of this City, and

Whereas, permission	install	said	signal light	and to maintain and repair the

same was given under the conditions hereinafter set forth,

NOW THERE FORE BE IT	RESOLVED,	that	the Board of	City Commissioners of	said City	do

hereby	acknowledge that such	permission was	given and is	being exercised under	the following

conditions:

1.	That said permit may be revoked at any time upon five days written notice,
at the expiration of which time all apparatus shall be removed.

2.	The City shall pay for any damage that any occur to said building by reason of
the installation, maintenance and repair of said signal light and apparatus.

3.	The City shall not acquire by use or lapse of time any vested right or privilege
to maintain operate and repair said signal light and apparatus adverse to said owners.

4.	The City shall hold said owners harmless from any damage, costs and liability,
including attorney fee, which may occur to persons or property by reason of the maintenance
of said signal light and apparatus on said building.

5.	During the life of this permit said City shall keep said apparatus in repair
and in safe condition so that no damage shall occur to persons or property by reason of
the maintenance of such signal light and apparatus in connection wherewith on said building.

6.	The City shall keep the said owners free and harmless from any liens of mechanics
and materialmen occurring by reason of labor or material supplied in the installation or
repair or replacement of said signal light and apparatus, or any part thereof.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of revising the extent of the proposed sewer system and disposal plant
in the City of Las Vegas was next Brought before the Board.

Upon motion duly made by Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas at a recessed regular meeting of this Board held on the 13th day of July
1931, a Resolution was adopted by this Board accepting, adopting and approving a general
plan and report, made by the City's Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Benham, for a system of
main sanitary outfall sewers and sewerage disposal plant, which said Resolution appears on
pages 186 and 187 of Book 3 of the minutes of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, a special election has been called, to be held on the 12th day of August
1931, to determine whether or not the qualified electors of said City shall authorize the
issuance of $160,000.00 bonds of said City for the above purposes and

Whereas, after careful consideration it has been determined by this Board to limit
the number and extent of the mains in said proposed sanitary sewer system and to change in
part the location thereof, which will necessarily result in lessening the cost of said
main sanitary sewer system,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the said Resolution be and the same is hereby
amended so that the same shall read as follows:

RESOLUTION

Whereas, it is deemed necessary for the health, comfort and safety of the people
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to provide adequate outfall main sanitary sewers and an
efficient modern sewage disposal plant to serve certain territory within the limits of the
City, and

Whereas, the present system is inadequate for such purposes, and

Whereas, the City's Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Benhan, has made the necessary
investigations, surveys, general Plans, profiles and estimates of coat of such main outfall
sanitary sewers and sewerage disposal plant, and

Whereas, the engineer's estimate of cost of such main sanitary outfall sewers
and sewage disposal plant in accordance with report heretofore filed is in an amount of
One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00), but will necessarily be considerably
less by reason of the limiting of the number and extent of the said mains as hereby deter-
mined, which main sewers are hereby changed to be of the size and location substantially
as follows:

10" Diameter-Charleston Boulevard from Third Street to alley between Seventh and
Eighth Streets.
12" Diameter-Alley between Seventh and Eighth Streets from Charleston Boulevard to
Bonneville Street.

8" Diameter-Gass Street from the alley between Main and First Streets to the alley
between Fourth and Fifth Streets.

10" Diameter-Gass Street from the alley between Fourth and Fifth Streets to the alley
between Fifth and Sixth Streets thence through the alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets from
Gass Street to Bonneville Street.

10" Diameter-Bonneville Street from the alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets to the
alley between Ninth and Tenth Streets.

18" Diameter-Alley between Ninth and Tenth Streets from Bonneville Street to Carson
Street.

8" Diameter- Bridger Street from the alley between Seventh and Eighth Streets to the
alley between Ninth and Tenth Streets.

15" Diameter-Carson Street from the alley Ninth and Tenth Streets to the alley
between Twelfth and Thirteenth Streets.

18" Diameter-Alley between Twelfth and Thirteenth Streets from Carson Street to the
east and west alley between Carson and Fremont Streets.

18" Diameter-Thirteenth Street from the east and west alley between Carson and Fremont
Street to the east and west alley between Fremont and Ogden St.	

15" Diameter-East and West alley between Fremont and Ogden Street from Thirteenth	

Street to the alley between Thirteenth and Fourteenth Street.

18" Diameter-Alley between Thirteenth and Fourteenth Street from the east and west
alley between Fremont and Ogden Street to Mesquite Street thence along Mesquite Street to
Fourteenth Street and along Fourteenth Street from Mesquite to Oak Street.

21" Diameter-Fourteenth Street from Oak Street to Croissant Street and thence into
Disposal Plant.

10" Diameter-Stewart Street form the alley between Eighth and Ninth Street to the alley
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth Street.

10" Diameter-Fremont Street from the connection with the present sewer on the property
of the Union Pacific Railroad Co. west of Main Street to Main Street, thence along Main
Street to Stewart Street, thence along Stewart Street from Main Street to the alley between
Fifth and Sixth Streets.

12" Diameter-Alley between Fifth and Sixth Street from Stewart Street to the North
line of Buck's Subdivision.

10" Diameter-Alley between Third and Fourth Street from the east and west alley between
Fremont and Ogden Street to Stewart Street.

8" Diameter-Railroad Avenue and First Street from Clark Ave; to alley between Gass
and Stewart Avenues. (Original Townsite)

10" Diameter-First Street from the alley between Gass and Stewart Ave. to Washington
Avenue. (Original Townsite)

15" Diameter-From corner of Washington Avenue and First Street (Original Townsite)
southeasterly to the intersection of the alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets with the
North line of Buck's Subdivision, thence along the north line of Buck's Subdivision to the
intersection of State and Oak Streets, thence aling Oak Street to Fourteenth Street.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA,

(1)	That the said general plan and report for such system of main sanitary outfall

sewers and sewage disposal plant, as prepared and recommended by the City's Consulting En-
gineer, as hereby changed and amended, be and the same is hereby adopted and approved.

(2)	This Board reserves the right, however, to change from time to time the depths
at which said main sewers are to be laid, it being understood that such depths have not as
yet been finally approved and adopted.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Mundy and His
Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit excavating, paving, leveling, re-
pairing, sidewalking, crosswalking, or filing in any public street, highway, avenue or alley
within the City Limits, without first obtaining a written permit to do so and giving a bond

to replace the street in proper condition within the time	specified in such permit; to pro-

vide a penalty for the violation thereof, and repeal Ordinance No. 37 of said City, and all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was read to the Board for a first
time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 27th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 27th day of July 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German, City
Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

Minutes of the meetings of June 24th, and 29th, July 6th, and 13th read and
approved as read.

A communication from Christian Lilya was read to the Board asking that the Building
Code be revised so as to allow the use of Gysite Adobe Blocks our side the fire zone of the
City of Las Vegas.

The City Clerk was directed by Commissioner Mundy to inform Mr. Lilya that he must
have a test made at his own expense as to the durability of the above mentioned blocks, before
the Board would take any action on the matter.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 4th day of August 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officer showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy
and Thomas, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of July 21st and 27th read and approved as read.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk

Reports of Municipal Judge, and City Clerk Approved.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed to act as Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner due to
the absence of Commissioner Hansell.

Monies received for the month of July as follows:

$3,987.00 Municipal Court Fines

4.371.00	City Licenses, and Fees.

8,358.90	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$5,000.00 Police and Fire Fund. 

2,944.40	General Fund.

200.00	Cemetery Fund.

214.50	W.S.& L. Fund.

8,358.90 Total.

An application of W.D. Wheaton for license to operate one slot machine at the Gateway
Hotel was presented to the Board. Said application being in proper form, and the money cover-
ing same being on file with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the license be granted to W.D. Wheaton, and the Clerk directed to issue the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Mundy, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A copy of a Resolution passed by the Central Labor Union of Las Vegas endorsing a
Sunday closing law was read to the Board.

A letter from the Las Vegas Funeral Home asking the City of Las Vegas to help cover
the expense of the ambulance calls was read to the Board.

No action was taken at this time the Board waiting the action of the Board of County
Commissioners.

A letter from the Rev. H.C. Barnwell, Gertie Barnwell, and Carmel Barnwell was read
to the Board asking for permission to hold religious services on the streets in the City of
Las Vegas, and solicit food and clothing. The Clerk was directed to write the above mentioned
parties, and ask that they secure a vacant lot for the holding of their services so as not to
cause congestion on the sidewalks in the downtown district.
At this time the matter of hiring local men on the improvements in the City was brought
before the Board for consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Qommissioner Thomas the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that it is the sense of this Board of Commissioners that in all sepcifications
and contracts for any public works in the City of Las Vegas that it shall be provided that
local labor be used as far as they are competent.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor the
Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Com-
missions of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by
grading for and surfacing with road mixed oil graveled surface and construction hydraulic
cement concrete curb and gutter (Combined) on certain streets and protions of streets in said
City; describing definitely the location of said improvements; providing that the cost and
expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the
special assessment district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the
Charter of the City of -t-as Vegas certain protions thereof are required to be paid from the
general fund of said City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating thereto," was read to the
Board for a second reading, and passed by the following vote, Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have the above mentioned Ordinance published for one week
six issues in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printer and published in the City of Las
Vegas. Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 171, and to be in full force and effect from
and after its complete publication.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, that as a basis of ascertaining the amount of assessment to be levied
yo reimburse the City of Las Vegas for moneys expended and to be expended in the construction
of the highway noe being constructed by the department of highways of the State of Nevada,
with Federal Aid, from the easterly limit of the intersection of Fremont Street and Fifth
Street in said City of Las Vegas, running thence along said Fremont Street as laid out and
extended in and easterly direction to the easterly boundary of said City of -"as Vegas, it is
hereby determined that the entire cost of such improvement exclusive of the portion borne by
the Federal Government including surveying and engineering charges, shall be assess to the
property owners of property abutting on said improvement according to benefits.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin Noting Aye. Noes none.	„

"An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to defray the costs
of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and surfacing with roat
mixed oil graveled surface and constructing hydraulic cement concrete surb and gutter (Combined)
om certain streets and portations in said City, according to the plats, diagrams and estimates
of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of -"as Vegas; describing de*-
finately the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said assessments and design-
ating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according to benefits; providing for the ^
payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto,"was read to the Board for a first time
and laid over for a second reading.

"An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to reimburse said City
for the costs of construction of a highway with Federal Aid from the easterly limit of the inter-
section of Fremont Street and Fifth Street in said City, running thence along Fremont Street as
laid out and extended in an easterly direction to the easterly boundary of said City of Las Vegas;
describing definately the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said assessment, and
designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed, aboutting on the said improvement; pro-
viding for the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto," was read to the Board for a
first time and laid over for a second reading.

"An Ordinance to prohibit excavating, grading, paving, leveling, repairing, sidewalking
corsswalking,. or filling in any public street, highway, avenue or alley within the City Limits
without first obtaining a written permit to do so and giving a bond to replace the street in proper

8983W?gpgtih3Paia^M"So?Pg?MMH9

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of ^as Vegas relating to the constru— therewith
ction of driveways," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote; Commissioners
Mundy and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to know as Ordinance No. 172, of the City of Las Vegas. The Clerk was
directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and
published in the City of ^as Vegas, for a period of one week, six issues,and s&id Ordinance
to be in full force and effect from and after its complete publication.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 14th day of August 1931, at the hour of three ^'clock P.M.

N.B. Vote on excavating Ordiance.

Was read to the Board for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners
Mundy and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none. Said Ordinance
to be in full force and effect from and after its complete bpulication in the Las Vegas Age,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.
OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 14th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of August 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Thomas,

Mundy and German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner German to act as Water Sewer and Light Commissioner
due to absence of Commissioner of that Department L.B. Hansell.

Bi-monthly pay roll approved;

At this time the Board took up the matter of the canvas of the vote at the Sewer Bond
Election held on the 12th day of August 1931, the result of the said canvas being as follows:

Precinct	No. 1.	TOTALS

For	Against

For the Bonds	37	37

Against the Bonds	7	7

Precinct	No.	2

For the Bonds	45	45

Against the Bonds	7	7

Precinct	No.	3

For the Bonds	49	49

Against the Bonds	10	10

Precinct	No.	4

For the Bonds	39	39

Against the Bonds	5	5

Precinct	No.	5

For	the	Bonds	68	68

Against the Bonds	16	16

Precinct	No.	6

For	the	Bonds	79	79

Against the	Bonds	15	15

Precinct	No.	7

For the Bonds	67	67

Against the Bonds	14	14

Precinct	No.	8

For	the	Bonds	20	20

Against the	Bonds	2	2

Precinct	No.	9

For	the	Bonds	60	60____

Against the	bonds	10	10

 474	86

There upon it appearing to the Board that the result of the canvas of the votes at the
Special Sewer Bonds Election showed that the bonds had carried by a plurality of all votes
cast on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German moved that the Sewer Bonds
had carried. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was

Resolved, that the City Engineer be and he is hereby authorized and directed to notify
Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer on Sewer Project, that the $160,000.00 sewerage bonds
were authorized by the Special Election, held on the 12th day of August, 1931, and that he pro-
ceed with the completion of plans and specifications, and that he be notified that the Board
does not contemplate sale of any of the bonds until moneys are raised by special assessments
for the laterals, such bonds to be offered for sale at the same time special assessment bonds
are offered for sale.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.
An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend Sections 1,3,6, and 9 of Ordinance No. 161
of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend said Ordinance by adding a new section to be knows as
Section 22a, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read to the	Board for a second	time and passed	by the	following vote;	Commissioners	Mundy

and German,	and His Honor the	Mayor E.W.Cragin	voting	Aye.	Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 174, and to be in full force and effect from
and after its final and complete publication for one week (six issues) in the Las Vegas Age,
a daily newspaper printed and	published in the	City of	Las	Vegas.

Mr. C.	D. Baker appeared	before the Board	with a	plat	of Church Addition	to	the	City of

Las Vegas. Said plat had been approved by the City Planning Commission.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Plat of Church Addition be approved by the Mayor, and Attest by the City Clerk under the seal
of the City.

A letter from the Central Labor Council asking for the use of the Court House Grounds
for the Labor Day Celebration was presented to the Board. The Clerk was directed to write the
 Labor Council and inform them that the permission was granted.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the following Resolu-
tion and Preambles were duly adopted:

Whereas, it has been reported to this Board that the building heretofore erected by
Alonzo C. Delkin on lots four and five in Block No. H of Buck's Subdivision in the City of
Las VEgas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and now being thereon, said building fronting on
Fremont Street, has also been built in, over and upon nine in width feet of the alley ad-
joining said Lots four and five aforesaid on the east and constitutes and obstruction to said
alley, and

Whereas, John F. Fagan, of Las Vegas, Nevada has agreed to convey to the City of Las

Las Vegas, a strip of ground ten feet in width and the depth of lot 4 in Block H of said
Buck's subdivision, side of said alley, for the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars, and

Whereas, it appears reasonable to this Board that the said Alonzo A. Delkin should either
remove said building off of said portion of said alley or pay on behalf of this City the said
purchase price of said strip of land from said John F. Fagan, and

Whereas this Board is advised that by the purchase of said ten feet in width of ground
for the depth aforesaid from John F. Fagan an alley can, be maintained which will connect with
the remainder of the alley running through said Block

Now Therefore Be It Resolved, That notice be served upon said Alonzo C. Delkin to forewith 

remove said building off said portion of said alley, or purchase on behalf of and in the
name of the City of Las Vegas, as grantee, said strip of ground from John F. Fagan; That a
copy of this Resolution, certified by the City Clerk or the Deputy City Clerk be served upon
said Alonzo A. Delkin by the City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas, and report be made back
to this Board at an early date as to the action taken, if any, by said Alonzo A. Delkin with
respect to the matters embraced in this Resolution; that the service of said copy of this
Resolution shall be deemed to be service of the notice herein required.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the
Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday August 20th at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 20th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of August 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present, W.C.German Mayor Pro Tem, Commissioners
Mundy and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and Deputy City Clerk Mary Taylor.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Thomas and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Commissioner Mundy reported that the new street sweeper was in operation and doing splendidly.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 159 of the City of Las Vegas
by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 12a, and repealing all ordinances, and
parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a second time and passed by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell, and Mayor Pro Tem German voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 175 of the City of Las Vegas. The Clerk was
directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of one week, (six issues) and said Ordinance
to be in full force and effect from and after its complete publication.

Several changes were ask for in Ordinance No. 174 by the Master Electricians.

No action was taken on the matter awaiting the return of the Mayor and City Clerk both
absent from the City at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 28th day of August at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1931.

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas;

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las	Vegas,	to be held at the Board	Room of said Board in the City	of Las Vegas, in the County

of Clark	 State	of	Nevada on Friday	the 4th day of September, 1931	at the Hour of ten O'clock A.

M. to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To	Consider and act	on all matters relating to the	proposed new sewer system.

2.	To	consider and act	upon all business of the City which may properly come before

and be considered by said Board at such special meeting.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

Dated Sept. 4, 1931.

E.W.Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

To- E.W.Cragin, Mayor, and to R.W.Thomas, L.B. Hansell, W.B.Mundy, and W.C.German, Commissioners:

Pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City will be held at the Board
Room of said Board in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada
on Friday the 4th day of September, 1931 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. to consider
and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act on all matters relating to the proposed new sewer system.

2. To consider and act upon all business of the City which may properly come before
and be considered by said Board at such special meeting.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 4th day of September, 1931.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

We, the undersigned, do hereby acknowledge due service of the above and foregoing call
and notice of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to
be held at the Board Romm of said Board in the City of Las Vegas on Friday the 4th day of Sept-
ember, A.D. 1931 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. and do hereby consent to the transaction of
any and all business of the City thereat.

Dated this 4th day of September, 1931.

E.W.Cragin	L.B. Hansell____

Mayor.	Commissioner

W.B. Mundy______	W.C.German______

Commissioner	Commissioner

R.W.Thomas______

Commissioner.

Minutes of a Special Called meeting held on the 4th day of September at the hour of
ten o'clock A.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy,
Thomas, German, Hansell, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer on the new sewer system was also present.

The Board at once entered into a discussion of the new sewer system and the laying
out of the districts to be improved at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the City original plans for the sewer system be accepted subject to the approval of the site for
the disposal plant.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Gragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The districts to be improved were next decided upon.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the City of Las Vegas advertise for bidders on the $160,000.00 bond issue for the install-
ation of the sewer system and disposal plant in substantially the foll wing form:

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will
receive bids until three o'clock P.M. on the 14th day of October, 1931, for the purchase of One
Hundred Sixty (160) bonds of Las Vegas Sewerage Bond Issue. Said bonds consisting of One Hun-
dred Sixty (160) bonds in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, which
mature $8,000.00 on the first day of July in each of the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive. Said
bonds will bear interest at a rate noe exceeding seven per centum per annum, payable semi-annual-
ly , and will bear date the first day of July 1931. The said Board reserves the right to deliver

to to the successful bidder One Hundred (100) of said bonds commencing with bond number one, and
numbered consecutively up to and including bond number one hundred an initial delivery under
the sale, and to deliver the remainder of said bonds in such amounts from time to time in consec-
utive numerical order as the need of the City shall in the judgment of said board require, and
to cancel and annul the sale as to any of said bonds over and above the initial one hundred
bonds, upon notice given to the purchaser, in the event said Board shall find and determine that
no reasonable necessity exists for the delivery of additional bonds over the aggregate amount
already previously delivered.
Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accompanied
by a deposit of five percent eight cash or certified check payable to the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted;
and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds within
thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of his or its deposit will
be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event said Board of Commissioners will elect
whether or not it will accept the bid of the one making the next best bid. If there be two or
more equal bids and such bids are the best received, and not less than par and accrued interest
said Board of Commissioner will determine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,

1931 Issue," and addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada. Bids
will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 14th day of October, 1931, at three o'clock
P.M. at the regular meeting place of said Board in the Board of Commissioners Room in the office
of the City Clerk in said City of Las Vegas. Bidders shall submit a bid specifying (a) the low-
est rate of interest and premium, if any, above par, at which such bidder will purchase said
bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par.

The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid subject to the right of said Board of
Commissioners to reject any and all bids and readvertise. None of said bonds will be sold at
less than par and accrued interest, and no discount or commission will be allowed or paid on the
sale of such bonds.

Date this 8th day of September, 1931.

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

By E.W.Cragin

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

And that contract be let for the construction of mains and disposal plant as soon as the
money is available.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, Thomas, German, and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, City OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of September 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following officers present. Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas,
and Hansell, Mayor Cragin, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Reports of Municipal Court Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

A11 claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Moneys received for the month of August as follows:

$3,840.50 Municipal Court Fines.

4.141.10 Licenses, fees, and sale of Cemetery Lots.

7,981.60

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$2,331.00 Street Fund

4,500.00	P and F Fund

245.00	Cemetery Fund

174.25	W.S.& L. Fund

731.35 General Fund
$ 7,981. 50 Total

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend sections numbers 2, 8 and 10 of Ordinance No.
111 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture, storage, or
keeping, sale, offering or exposing for sale or barter, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors
in the City of Las Vegas; regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for
the violation of this Ordinance, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith," approved May 5, 1925," was read to the Board for a first time and laid over for a
final reading.
"An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to defray the costs of
making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and surfacing with road
mixed oiled graveled surface and constructing hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (Com-
bined) on certain streets and protions of streets in said City, according to plats, diagrams
and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas;
describing definately the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said assessment
 and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according to benefits; pro-
viding or the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto," was read for a second time
and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Hansell and German and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be in full
force from and after its complete publication for one week (six Issues) in the Las Vegas Age,
a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to reimburse said
City for the cost of construction of a highway with Federal Aid from the easterly limit of the
intersection of Fremont Street and Fifth Street in said City, running thence along Fremont Street
8s laid out and extended in an easterly direction to the easterly boundary of said City of Las
Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said ass-
essment, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed, abutting on the said im-
provement; providing for the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto," was read for
a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Hansell and German, and His honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin Voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be in
full force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week (six issues) in the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance providing for the issuance of bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) for the purpose of constructing main
sanitary outfall sewers and a sewage disposal plant in addition to and also as an extension of
the present sanitary sewer system in said City, prescribing the form of said bonds and the in-
terest coupons to be thereto attached, and making provisions for the levy of a tax to pay the
principal at maturity," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

The bonds of Chief of Police Clay H. Williams, and Frank H. Jones, and Mark Condo, Desk 
Sargents of the Police Department were approved by the Mayor, same being in proper form.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 17th day of September, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 17th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 17th day of Sept. 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll called showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hansell, Mundy
Thomas, and German, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved ns read.

Semimonthly salary bills approved.

Mr. Waggoner of the Pacific Clay Pipe Company appeared before the Board in regard to
the the class of pipe make by this company suitable for use in sewer construction work.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that six
slot machine licenses be granted to E.P. Bihlmaier, the application for said slot machine
being on file with the Clerk, and in proper form, and amount sufficient to cover same accompanying
 said applications. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas,
German, Hansell and Mundy and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board entered into a discussion as to the advisability of the Fire
Dept. of the City of Las Vegas answering fire calls out side of the City Limits. After some
discussion on motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Fire Department of the City of Las Vegas was not to answer fire calls out side the City
Limits of the City of Las Vegas, nor was the fire fighting equipment to be taken from the
City to fight fires out side said City Limits. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commission-
ers, Mundy, German, Hansell, and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes
None.

Mr. A.R.Thompson appeared before the Board with a plat of Sunset Park Subdivision to
the City of Las Vegas to be approved by said Board of Commissioners. Said plat was approved
by the President and Secretary of the City Planning Commission, and certificate of title of
said Owner R.A. Anderson being presented to the Board. On motion of Commissioner Thomas, second
by Commissioner German it was moved that the plat of Sunset Park be approved, and same be
signed by the Mayor, and attest by the Clerk under the seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time a letter was read to the Board from Leonard T.Blood, Deputy Labor Com—
missioner asking the City to grant the Federal State Free Employment Office to erect a tem-
porary building on the property owned by the Elk's Club on Carson Street near Second Street
so that the office may be maintained in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
The Federal-State Free Employment Office be granted permission to erect a temporary building,
and same be built so that it may be moved off of said location at any time.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
action of the Board taken on Friday the 14th day of August in regards to the passing of and
Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Sections 1, 3, 6, and 9 of Ordinance No. 161, of
the City of Las Vegas, and to amend said Ordinance by adding a new section to be known as
Section 22A, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith,"
be rescinded as some corrections were ask for by the Electricians of the City of Las Vegas,
and that said above mentioned Ordinance be read for a second time at this recessed regular
meeting, and to be in full force from and after its final and complete publication.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the said above mentioned Ordinance was read for a second time and passed,
and adopted by the following vote; Commissioners Mundy, and German, and His Honor the Mayor
E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance published for one week, six issues, in
the Las Vegas Age, and daily newspaper printed in the City of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance to
be know as Ordinance, No. 174.

Francis C. DeVinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor presented to the Board, Assessment Roll
prepared under the provisions of Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las Vegas. Upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas Francis C. DeVinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor, has presented to this Board
an Assessment Roll prepared under the provisions of Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las
Vegas,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved that the said Assessment Roll be forthwith filed in the
Office of the City Clerk and Numbered "Special Assessment No. 15,"

Be It Further Resolved, that the time when the Board of City Commissioners and said
Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet to review such assessments be fixed at Monday the 5th
day of October, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. at the council room of this Board
in the said City of Las Vegas, and that the Clerk of this Board give notice of the time
appointed for the review of said assessments, and that said notice be published for two
weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed in the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Francis C.DeVinney also presented to the Board, Assessment Roll prepared under
Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried
the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas Francis C.Devinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor, has presented to this Board
an Assessment Roll prepared under provisions of Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved that the said Assessment Roll be forthwith filed in
the Office of the City Clerk and Numbered "Special Assessment No. 16,"

Be It Further Resolved, that the time when the Board of City Commissioners and said
Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet to review such assessments be fixed at Monday the 5th
day of October, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. at the council room of this Board
in the City of Las Vegas, and that the Clerk of this Board give notice of the time appoint-
ed for the review of said assessments, and that said notice be published for two weeks in
the Las Vegas Evening-Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 4 of Ordinance No. 129 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Sections 2 and 19
of Ordinance No. 36 entitled "An Ordinance providing for the issuance of plumbing and
sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and for
the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas," and further
amending said Ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be known as 2a and 2b respect-
ively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday Sept. 29th at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 29th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 29th day of Sept. 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hnasell, and
German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City of Las Vegas was present at this
time and entered into a detailed explanation of the plans, and specification of the pro-
posed sewer system and disposal plant for the City of Las Vegas.

After some discussion on the plans and specifications on motion of Commissioners
Hansell seconded by commissioner German it was moved that the plans and specifications be
accepted and that the City of Las Vegas advertise for contractors' bids on the proposed	

work. Monday the 26th day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. was the time
set for the receiving of bids from contractors.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said notice was to be published once a week for two consecutive weeks in the Las
Vegas Age, and the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, daily newspaper printed in the City of
Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance defining certain crimes and misdemeanors against the peace health
and safety of the City of Las Vegas, providing punishment therefor, and repealing all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first time and
laid- over for a second reading.

Hotel Nevada Mining Company, a corporation, presented to the Board an appli-
cation for a permit to construct, erect and maintain pillars or columns upon the sidewalk
space abutting on what is known as the Hotel Nevada, situate on lots 1 to 5 inclusive in
Block No. 3 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, such columns to be
about seventeen in number (four of which have already been constructed) each to consist of
an iron I-Beam or column about 6	in. by 6	in. square, and	are to extend	about six inches

over the property line into the	sidewalk	space,	and each	to be covered	with reinforced	

concrete to a width not to exceed thirty-six inches and to extend into the sidewalk space
not more than eight and one-half inches. These I-Beams or columns to rest upon reinforced
concrete foundation situate about one-half under sidewalk and about one-half under the
outer wall of building.

After due consideration of the matter it was upon motion of Commissioners Mundy
seconded by Commissioner Hansell, duly resolved as follows:

Resolved that the application of said Hotel Nevada Mining Company for permit to
construct and erect certain pillars and columns on the sidewalk space abutting on what is
known as the Hotel Nevada situate	on lots	1 to 5	inclusive	in Block No.	3 of Clark's Las

Vegas Townsite in said City of Las Vegas,	be and	the same	is hereby approved, and that the	

Mayor and City Clerk, under the seal of said City, be and they are hereby authorized to ex-
ecute a formal permit in the form presented to the Board upon the special condition, as
stated in such form of permit, that the permit is granted condition that the same be ac-
cepted in writing by the Permittee, Hotel Nevada Mining Company, within fifteen days from
the date of the enactment of this Resolution, otherwise the said Permit shall be void and of
no effect.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 1st day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 1st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 1st day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners
Mundy, German, Hansell, Thomas, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

At this time the matter of granting the gaming licenses for the fourth quarter
was brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that the following gaming licenses be granted as the applications were in proper form, and
the money to cover the costs of said licenses being on file with the City Clerk.

J.H. Morgan and Mayme V. Stocker, one each draw poker, stud poker, and pan-
quinia, two twenty-one games, 1 crap game one roulette wheel, 1 Faro Bank,

Mrs. Tom Rowan and Leo Kind, 1 Keno game, 2 Thenty-One Games, 2 Roulette Wheels,

2 Crap Tables, One Big Six, and four Poker Tables, and two Panguinia tables.

A.T.Mc Carter Five Poker Tables One Roulette Wheel, one Twenty-One, and one Crap

game.

Boulder Club, 2 Poker Tables, 2 Panquinia Tables, 1 Roulette Wheel, 1 Big Wheel,

2 Crap Games, 1 Faro, 1 Horse Book, and 2 Twenty-one Games.
Las Vegas Club 2 Twenty-one Games, 1 Roulette Wheel, 1 Crap Table, 1 poker table,
and 1 Panguinia table.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy German, Hansell and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The renewing of slot machine licenses was next brought before the Board for con-
sideration, and upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it
was moved that the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in pro-
per form and the sums sufficient to cover said licenses being on file with the Clerk.

A.T. Mc Carter	2 Slot Machine Licenses

S.S. Thornton	1	"	"	"

E.E. Masten	1	"	"	"

A.H. Linenthal	1	"	"	"

E. Guffey and P.A. Scott 2 Slot Machine Licenses
J.R. McMichael & Jack Weisberger 2 Slot Machine Licenses
Boulder Club Inc. 5 Slot Machines
Las Vegas Club	10	"

J.H. Morgan & Mayme V. Stocker 6 Slot Machines
Jack Wiesberger 2 Slot Machines

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin, voting Aye. Noes none.

Three new applications were presented to the Board at this time. No decision
was made as to the granting of said licenses until the new zoning ordinance would be pass-
ed. The new applications were as follows: Eli Nickerson, W.R.Wooddell for a Tango Parlor
license, and Woo Sing.

The Clerk was directed to write Mr. Jack Butler to appear before the Board
on Monday the 5th day of October and show proof that he was sole owner of the Big Four Club
of which he was making an application for the operation of games in said club. The Clerk
was also directed to write to J.R. Boyer and ask that he appear before the Board and ex-
plain the method of playing "Tango Derby" for which he was appling for license to operate.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 5th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 5th day of
October 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hundy, German
and Thomas, Deputy City Attorney Henderson, and City Clerk Viola Burns,. F.C.DeVinney, Assessor.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Stevens.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved.

Commissioner Mundy appointed to approve the bills of the W.S. &L. Dept. owning to
the absence of Commissioner Hansell of that department.

Monies received for the month of Sept. as follows;

$5,026.50 P and F Fund

30.00	Sale Cemetery Lots.

204.25	Plumbing permits

738.00	Poll Tax

7,679.75	Licenses, fees, and misc. collections.

13,678.50 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows;

$5,000.00 Police and Fire Fund.

7,655.25	General Fund.

30.00	Cemetery Fund

735.00	Street Fund.

255.25	W.S. & L. Fund.

13,676.50

Jack Butler appeared before the Board of Commissioners at this time and pre-
sented proof that he was sole owner of the Big Four Club. Thereupon motion of Commissioner
Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a license be granted to Jack Butler
for one poker table and one crap table. Said application being on file in proper form and
the money to cover same being on file with the Clerk. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German it was
moved that the following Slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper
form and the money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

W.E. Ferron	12 Slot Machine Licenses.

John Van Ryn	1	"	"	"

Nora Cotter	1 "

Gateway Hotel Co.	2	"	"	"

Jack Weisberger	3	"	"	"

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	18 "	"
Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
HiS Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A.R. Thompson appeared before the Board with the plat of Fisher's Fremont Street
Subdivision, Boulder Dam Highway's First Sub-Division, for the approval of the Board.

Said plat being approved by the City Planing Commission, signed by A.W. Ham, President	

and R.B. Griffith Sec. Proof of the title of the ownership being also presented to the
Board.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the plat be approved, and that the Mayor Pro Tem W.C .German sign for the City, owing to
the absence for the Mayor from the meeting at this time, plat also tote attest by the
City Clerk under the seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His
Honor W.C. German, mayor pro tem voting Aye. Noes none.

This being the time set to review the assessments heretofore made and reported to
the Board under Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las Vegas to defray the costs of making
improvements by grading for and surfacing with read mixed oil graveled surface and con-
structing hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (combined) on certain streets and por-
tions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, and the Ex-Officio City Assessor being present,
and no objections being made to said assessments, and said Board and said Ex-Officio
City Assessor thereupon proceeded to review said assessments, said assessment roll being
designated as Special Assessment Roll No. 15.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that said assessment Roll No. 15 for Street Improvements, made under the
provisions of Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby approved
and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and that the City Clerk
shall endorse upon said roll the date of confirmation as provided by the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas, and in substantially the following form, to-wit:

State of Nevada	)

County of Clark	: SS

City of Las Vegas.)

I, Viola Burns, the duly elected, sworn, qualified and acting City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, do hereby certify that the
foregoing special assessment roll, prepared under Ordinance No. 176 for the purpose of
leving an assessment (special) for the purpose of paying that part of the costs which
the Board decided should be paid and borne by special assessment for making certain
improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and surfacing with road mixed oiled
graveled surface and constructing hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (combined)
upon the following streets and protions of streets in the City of Las Vegas.: Fremont
Street from Eighth Street to Twelfth Street, From west side of Eighth Street to the
west side of Twelfth Street, was by resolution of said Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas approved by said Board on the 5th day of October, 1931, and declared by
such Resolution to constitute a lien upon the respective lots and parcels of land assessed,
and such assessments were directed to be immediately due and payable.

In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and the seal of the said City of
Las Vegas, at my office in said City this 5th day of October, 1931.

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such assessment roll, with said certificate of said
Clerk be immediately delivered to said Ex-Officio City Assessor by said Clerk and that said
Ex-Officio Assessor record such assessment roll in a Book to be kept permanently for such
purpose and certify to such recordation.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said assessments constitute respectively a lien upon
the respective lots and parcels of land assessed and shall be charged against the persons
and properties respectively until paid,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the entire amount of said assessments be collected at
once, with annual interest thereon at the rate of seven per cent per annum as against
such assessments as are not paid at once, payable to the County Treasurer and Ex-Officio
Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio Treasurer and Tax
Receiver of the City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and German
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye Noes none.

This being the time set to review the assessments heretofore made and reported
to the Board under Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas to reimburse the City of
Las Vegas for the costs of construction of a highway with federal aid from the easterly
limit of the intersection of Fremont and Fifth Streets in said City, running thence
along Fremont Street to the easterly boundary of said City of Las Vegas, and the ex-
officio City Assessor being present, and no objections being made to said assessments,
and said Board and said Ex-Officio City Assessor thereupon proceeded to review said
assessments, said assessment roll being designated as Special Assessment Roll No. 16.

Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German, the
following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that said Assessment Roll No. 16 for Street Improvements, made under the
provisions of Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby ap-
proved and confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, and that
the City Clerk shall endorse upon said roll the date of confirmation as provided by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and in substantially the following form, to-wit:

State of Nevada	)

County of Clark	:

City of Las Vegas. )

I,-- Viola Burns, the duly elected, sworn, qualified and acting City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, do hereby certify that
the foregoing special assessment roll, prepared under Ordinance No. 177, for the pur-
pose of levying a special assessment to reimburse the City for the costs of construction of a
highway with federal aid from the easterly limit of the intersection of Fremont Street and
Fifth Street in said City, running thence along Fremont Street as laid out and extended
in an easterly direction to the easterly boundary of said City of Las Vegas, was by
Resolution of said Board approved by said Board on the 5th ay of October, 1931, and
declared by such Resolution to constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land
assessed, and such assessments were directed to be immediately due and payable.

In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and the seal of said City of Las
Vegas, at my office in s id City this 5th day of October, 1931.

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such assessment roll, with said certificate of said Clerk
be immediately delivered to the Ex-Officio City Assessor by said Clerk and that said
Ex-Officio Assessor revord such assessment roll in a Book to be kept permanently for such
purpose and certify to such recordation.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT said assessments constitute respectively a lien upon
the respective lots and parcels of land assessed, and shall be charged against the persons
and properties respectively until paid.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the entire amount of said assessments be collected at
once, with annual interest thereon at the rate of of seven per cent per annum as against
such assessments as are not paid at once, payable to the County Treasurer and Ex-Officio
Tax Receiver of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the ex-Officio Treasurer and Tax
Receiver of the City of Las Vegas.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of the acceptance of the deed from John Fagan for the alley space on
Fremont Street near 11th Street was next considered by the Board.

Therefore upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German
the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS , by Resolution duly adopted by this Board at a recessed regular
meeting thereof held on the 14th day of August, 1931, and found in Book 3 of the Minutes
of this Board at page 196, A.C.Delkin was directed to be notified to move off that
portion of his building situate on the alley adjoining on the east of lots 4 and 5 in Block
H of Buick's subdivision or purchase in the name of the City from John F. Fagan ten feet
in width off the westerly side of Lot H, Block 22 of Buck's subdivision to provide a 20ft.
alley, and

WHEREAS, at the expense and cost of said A.C.Delkin the said John Fagan did by
deed dated Sept. 22, 1931, execute and deliver a deed to the City of Las Vegas covering all
that certain lot, piece and parcel of land, situate in the City of Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark State of Nevada, bounded and described as follows: to-wit:

Beginning at the southwest corner of Lot H, Block 22 of Buck's Subdivision to
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; thence northeasterly along the west line of said
Lot H a distance of 154.8 feet to the North corner of said Mot H (said Lot H
being a triangular lot); thence to 33.5 feet to the point of intersection of
the east line of said Lot H with the easterly line of the alley of Block 1 in
Fairview Tract in said City; thence southwesterly a distance of 125.05 feet
to a point on the southerly boundary line of said Lot H; thence northwesterly
along the southerly boundary line a distance of 10.0 feet to the place of the
beginning; said parcel being a part of said Lot H Block 22 of Buck's Sub-
division and

WHEREAS, such deed has been on this date presented to the Board of acceptance,

NOW THEREFORE EE IT RESOLVED that this Board accept said deed on behalf of the
City and the Clerk is directed to have same duly recorded.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that in consideration of the procurement of said deed
for the purposes mentioned in the said Resolution of date August 14th, 1931, that City of
Las Vegas and the Board of City Commissioners will so far as permissible by law, not dis-
turb the said A.C. Delkin, or his assigns, in the possession of that portion of the alley
covered by his building heretofore erected and now being maintained thereon.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance defining the certain crimes and misdemeanors against the peace, health
and safety of the City of Las Vegas, providing punishment therefor, and repealing all Or-
dinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was read to the Board for a second
time and passed by the follow ng vote, Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the
Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 178 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in force and effect from and after its final publication in the Las Vegas Age, a daily news-
paper published in Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance to amend Sections 2,8, and 10 of Ordinance No. 111 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled; "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture, storage, or keeping, sale offer-
ing or exposing for sale or barter, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors in the City of
Las Vegas; regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for the violation
 of this Ordinance, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith," approved May 5, 1925, was read for a second time and passed by the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 179 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in force and effect from and after its final publication in the Las Vegas Age, a daily 
newspaper published in Las Vegas.

An Ordinance providing for the issuance of bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in the amount of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) for the purpose of con-
structing main sanitary outfall sewers and a sewerage disposal plant in addition to and also
as an extension of the present sanitary sewer system in said City, prescribing the form of
said bonds and the interest coupons to be thereto attached, and making provisions for the
levy of a tax to pay the interest as the installments thereof fall due and to pay the prin-
cipal at maturity," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners 

Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 180 of the City of Las Vegas, and to
be in force and effect from and after its final publication in the Las Vegas Evening Review-
Journal, a daily newspaper published in Las Vegas.
All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of
the Clerk.

No further business appearing Before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 9th day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 9th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 9th day of October 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners
German, Mundy and Hansell, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas, and City Attorney Stevens.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioners Hansell it was moved
that the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form,
and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Gateway Cafe	1 Slot Machine

State Cafe	3	"	"

G.E.Robinson	2	"	"

C.J. Mackey	3	"	"

J. Warren Woodard	3	"	"

Arnett & Graglia	10	"	"

E.P. Bihlmaier	43	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The following were at this time appointed to serve as Master Electricians on
the Board of Examination for Electricians, C.A. Nellis and D.L. Williams, and as
Journeyman Electricians to serve on the same Board the following were appointed, A.E.
Liebert and H.G. Malot.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was
moved that the Clerk be instructed to return to W.S.Goodwin, Clarence Blazier, and
Geo. N. Thompson and C.E.Faxon the sums deposited with the Clerk when making application
for gaming licenses, as said applications had been denied. The vote on said motion was
as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that the Clerk be directed to write Paul Hosman Building Inspector of the City of
Las Vegas that the Board of Commissioners wished him to maintain regular hours in the
office of the City Clerk. Said hours to be from 9 to 10 A.M. and 1 to 2 P.m. each day.
Said hours to correspond with the hours kept by the Plumbing and Electrical Inspectors.

Vote oh said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. A.R.Thompson, Commander of the American Legion Post #8 appeared before
the Board at this time and ask that permission be granted the Post to use the Streets
of Las Vegas for parades, and to advertise upon and from vehicles upon the public streets
of the City of Las Vegas wrestling bouts and boxing contests held from time to time in
the American Leion Stadium by music/or oral announcement made from or on such vehicles
by the human voice through megaphone or otherwise.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried the following Resolution was

duly adopted:

Resolved, that until the further order of this Board the Local Post of the
American Legion be and it is hereby permitted to advertise and to cause and
permit to be advertised upon and from vehicles upon the public streets in
City of Las Vegas wrestling bouts and boxing contests held from time to
time in the American Legion Stadium by music and or oral announcement made
from or on such vehicles by the human voice through megaphone or otherwise.
The vote on the said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 14th day of October at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 14th, 1931+

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 14th
day of October 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present.: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Semi-monthly salary bills were allowed as per. claims and warrant register on file in the
office of the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that until the further order of the Board the pay roll of the Street
Department be submitted as one bill, to be verified by the Street Superintendent, instead of
separate bills as heretofore submitted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that until the further order of the Board of Commissioners the pay
roll of the Police Department be submitted as one bill, to be verified by either the Chief of
Police or M. Condo, as Desk Sargent, instead of separate bills as heretofore submitted.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The two above mentioned Resolutions to be in force on and after this date.

Mr. J.R. Boyer having explained to the satisfaction of the Board the operation of a
"Tango Derby", a gaming device, it was upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner
German, moved that a gaming license be granted J.R. Boyer for the operation of Three Gam-
ing Devices, namely, Tango Derby, Twenty-One Game, and one Crap Game.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell voting Aye.
Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the following slot machine licenses be granted:

E.P. Bihlmaier	2 Slot Machines

Ethel W. Genther	3 "	"

	J.T. Watters	12 "	"

L.L. Arnet & John Graglia 8 Slot machines.

Said applications being in proper form and the money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A.C. Milne, appeared before the Board at this time in regard to an injury that he re-
ceived in a fall on the sidewalk in front of 614 South First Street in the City of Las Vegas.

After some discussion of the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded
by Commissioner German moved that upon the signing of a release by A.C. Milne, and the payment of
the City of Las Vegas of the sum of $85.00 to said A.C. Milne that the said A.C. Milne would
be fully compensated for his injuries.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Thomas arriving late.

At this time the Board of Commissioners took up the matter of the sale of the bonds
for the proposed sewer system and disposal plant in the City of Las Vegas.

Aftersome discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by
Commissioner German it was moved that the City sell $144,000.00 of the $160,000.00 bond issue
authorized by the State Legislature in the 1931 session.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Hansell and Thomas
voting Aye. Noes None.

As this was the time set for the opening of bids on the bonds, said bonds having
been advertised for sale according to the laws of the State of Nevada, the Board of Com-
missioners preceded to open said bids.

A Western Union Telegraph bid was received from the International Company of Denver*
This bid was disqualified as the bid was not accompanied by a certified check in the amount
required.

A bid on the first $100,000.00 worth of bonds was received from E.S. Felt & Co;
and Beason Investment Co. of Salt Lake City. This bid was not accompanied by the required check.

A bid from the Snow Goodart Co: and Edward L. Burton Co. (Combined bid) for the pur-
chase of $144,000.00 worth of bonds at 6¾% was received and same was accompanied by the re-
quired check.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
all bids be rejected and the Board of Commissioners readvertise for bidders on the bonds.

That the City Clerk be instructed to return the checks to the bidders.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Mundy and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. W.E. Ferron appeared before the Board at this time and ask for financial help
in the caring for the need in the City This winter.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the City of Las Vegas give from the Police and Fire Fund the sum of Three Hundred Dollars each
month to this cause. That the said Three Hundred Dollars be used for the paying of the salaries
of a man and woman who would be special officers of the City to have charge of this work.

Same to be in effect until the further order of this Board.
Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor the mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business being brought before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 22nd day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL MEETING.

Call for Special meeting.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City, to be
held at the Board Room of said Board in said City on Wednesday, the 21st day of October, 1931
at the hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the matter of the en-
actment of an emergency ordinance to cover picketing and allied subjects and you will give
notice in accordance with this call.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 21st day of October, 1931.

E.W.Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

To E.W.Cragin, Mayor, and to R.W.Thomas, L.B. Hansell, W.B.Mundy, and W.C. German, Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas:

Pursuant to a call this day made by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, notice is
hereby given that a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held at the Board Room of said Board in said City on Wednesday, the 21st day of October
1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the matter of the
enactment of an emergency ordinance to cover picketing and allied subjects, and you will govern
yourselves accordingly.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 21st day of October, 1931.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned, being respectively the Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas do hereby acknowledge due service of the foregoing notice, and co sent to the holding of a
special meeting at the time and place and for the purpose mentioned in said notice.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 21st day of October, 1931.

E.W.Cragin.

L.B. Hansell	W.B. Mundy

W.C.German	R.W.Thomas

Commissioners.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 21st day of October
1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
and Thomas, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board considered the passage of an ordinance governing picketing in the
City of Las Vegas, as an emergency had arisen whereby such an ordinance was deemed necessary.

After some discussion on the matter an emergency ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance pro-
hibiting loitering, picketing or displaying banners, signs or transparencies, or speaking in
the public streets in a loud or unusual tone, for certain purposes," was read and adopted by the
following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.
Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 181 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be in
full force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week, ( six issues) in the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 22nd, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 22nd day of October, 1931.

The following answered roll call; Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell,
City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioners German the following slot machine
licenses were granted. Application being in proper form and the monies to cover same being on
file with the Clerk.

T.	J. Settle	3 Slot Machines

Dave Stearns	2 "	**

	De Lux Barber Shop	1 "	"

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	2 "	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board at this time considered the matter of advertising for bond bidders on the
$160,000.00 bond issue authorized by the Legislature of the State of Nevada, for a sewer system
and disposal plant in the City of Las Vegas.

After considering the matter on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner
German it was moved that the City of Las Vegas readvertise for bidders on the $160,000.00 sewer
bond issue in the following form:

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will receive
bids until three o'clock P.M. on the 20th day of November, 1931 for the purchase of One Hundred
Sixty (160) Bonds of the Las Vegas Sewerage Bond Issue. Said bonds consist of One Hundred
Sixty (160) Bonds in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, which mature
$8000.00 on the first day of July in each of the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive. Said bonds will
bear interest at a rate not exceeding seven per centum per annum, payable semi-annually, and will
bear date the first day of July, 1931.

Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accompanied
by a deposit of five per cent. either cash or certified check made payable to the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not
accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said
bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of his or its
deposit will be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event said Board of Commission-
ers will elect whether or not it will accept the bid of the one making the next best bid. If
there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best received, and not less
than par and accrued interest, said Board of Commissioners will determine which bid shall be
accepted.

All bids	must be sealed in opaque envelopes	and marked,	"For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,

1931 Issue," and	addressed to the City Clerk of the	City	of Las	Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada. Bids

will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 20th day of November, 1931, at three
o'clock P.M. in the Board of Commissioners Room in the Office of the City Clerk, in said City
of Las Vegas. Bidders shall submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium
if any above par, a which such bidder will purchase	said	bonds;	or (b) the lowest rate of inter-
est at which the	bidder will purchase said bonds at	par.	The bonds will be sold to the bidder

making the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all
bids and readvertise. None of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued interest, and
no discount or commission will be allowed or pair on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this 22nd day of October, 1931.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor L.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 26th day of October, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 26th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 26th day of October, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy,
German, Hansell, and Thomas, and City Attorney and Clerk.

As this was the time set for the opening of the Bids on the sewer system and disposal plant
in the City of Las Vegas, and a number of bids being on file with the City Clerk, the Clerk was
directed to open said bids.

Bids were received from the following companies:

General Construction Co.	Kemper Construction Co.

Fuller Construction Co;	Ryberg & Sorensen

Standard Paving Company.	New Mexico Construction Co;

Dallas Construction Co.	W.J. Tobin

Behek Brkich Company.

After the opening and the reading of said bids by the Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Ben-
ham it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell moved that the
Engineer, Webster L. Benham take and tabulate all bids and report back to the Board at an early
date the result of said bids.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 4 of Ordinance
No. 129 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Sections
2 and 19 of Ordinance No. 36, entitled "An Ordinance providing for the issuance of plumbing and
sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and for the re-
gulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas," and further amending said
ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be known as 2a and 2b respectively, and to repeal
all ordinances add parts of ordinances in conflict therewith." was read for a second time and
passed by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor
E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 182 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be in full
force and effect from and after is complete publication for a period of one week ( six issues)
in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in Las Vegas.

An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, to amend sections IV and V of ordinance No. 168
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, es-
tablishing a residence district, Industrial and Commercial districts within the said City of
Las Vegas; defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or
operate certain factories, works, or establishments within said resident districts and said
commercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and
rebuilding of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the
violation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith, was read for a
first time and laid over for a second reading.

At this time a form of lease from the Union Pacific Railroad was presented to the
Board for its approval. Said lease is for five years lease on the ground occupied by the City
Stockade, on the Westside.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the lease be signed by the Mayor, E.W.Cragin, and Attest by the City Clerk, Viola Burns
under the seal of the said City, and a warrant be drawn on the City Treasurer for the sum of
Twenty-Five Dollars to cover the first years lease on said ground.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and Mundy and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 27th day of October, 1931 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 27th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 27th day of October, 1931 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Mundy, German
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

At this time Consulting Engineer Webster L. Benham appeared before the Board with the com-
pleted tabulation of the bids submitted on the proposed sewer system and disposal plant for the
City of Las Vegas.

The tabulation showed that the Fuller Construction Co. Standard Paving Co. submitting the
low bids on the work involved.
The Clerk was then directed to return the certified or cashier checks as the case might be
to the firms having bids over the two named as low bidders.

The meeting then recessed until the hour of 3:30 o'clock P.m.

thirty

Meeting called to order by the Mayor, E.W Cragin at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
with the Mayor, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Mundy and German, and City attorney and Clerk
present, also City Engineer Thompson, and Consulting Engineer W.L. Benham.

After some discussion on the matter of the kind of pipe, clarifier, and other units
to be used in the installation of the sewer system and plant the following Resolution was
introduced and passed;

Upon motion of Commissioner L.B. Hansell seconded by Commissioner W.B. Mundy the
following Resolution was duly adopted;

BE IT RESOLVED, that the bid of the Fuller Construction Company, of Dallas, Texas, for the
construction of sanitary sewer system and disposal plant in accordance with the plans and
specifications heretofore adopted, be and the same is hereby accepted subject to the following
conditions:

1.	That the contract price of same shall be the sum of One Hundred six Thousand, five
hundred ten and 54/100 Dollars ($106,510.54) as shown by the tabulation of unit bids,

2.	That the basis of the award shall be use of Dorr Clarifier, digestion and mechanical
equipment; vitrified clay pipe, with asphalt joints; Wallace-Tiernan Chlorinator. 

3.	That the said bid is accepted upon the further condition that the same shall not be in
effect until the sale of the bonds now being advertised.

4.	That before final contract shall be entered into the said bidder shall present satis-
factory evidence to this Board that the said bidder is qualified to do business in the State of
Nevada as a public contractor in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada.

5.	That the certified check now deposited with this Board in the sum of $7000.00 may be
held by this Board for a period not to exceed ninety days from the date hereof to await the ful-
fillment of the conditions hereinabove specified, the same to be released to said bidder im-
mediately upon the execution of the contract and the furnishing of surety company bond as pro-
vided in the specification s and general conditions of the contract.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
certified check be returned to the Standard Paving Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
two slot machine licenses be granted to Sam P. Lipkin for the operation of two slot machines
at the Metro Store, Applications being in proper order and money to cover the same being on file
with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of (Commissioners held on the 4th day of Nov.

1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner Mundy to approve the bills of the Water, Sewer and
Light Dept. owning to the absence of Commissioner Hansell of that Department.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Moneys received for the month of October as follows:

$5,072.00 Municipal Court Fines.

130.00	Sale Cemetery Lots

172.50	Plumbing Permits.

3.676.25	City Licenses and fees.

9,050.75	Total

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$5,500.00 P and F Fund.

3,248.25	General Fund.

130.00	Cemetery Fund.

172.50 W.S. & L. Fund.

9,050.75	Total.

Minutes of all previous meeting read and approved.

Dr. W.S. Park and A.L. Worswick appeared before the Board in regard to the amending of
the present Building Code now in effect in the City and offered their services in regards to
the amending and revising of said code.
"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend Sections IV and V of Ordinance No. 168
of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas
establishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within said City of Las
Vegas: defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate
certain factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said com-
mercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and re-
building of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the
violation of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a
second time and passed upon the following vote; Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 183 of the City of Las Vegas and to be in
full force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week, six issues, in
the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal.

The Board at this time discussed the matter of the City Dump ground.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Las Vegas Disposal Company be informed that they must provide a dump ground for itself as the
company is not fulfilling the terms of the contract held between itself and the City of Las Vegas
in not providing a suitable dumping ground, and the land that is being used at the present
time will revert back to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company as soon as the new disposal plant
for the City of Las Vegas is constructed. That a dump ground must be accessible to the public
at all times in order to fulfill the terms of the contract and in not doing so the contract
my be broken at any time.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of straightening some of the streets in the City was brought
before the Board by Mr. King, Supt. of City streets. After some discussion on the matter on
motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy moved that the City Engineer
A.R. Thompson straighten the streets in of the additions to the City that were not properly
laid out at an expense to the City not to exceed $800.00. Such work to extend over several
months.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Nones none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 13th day of November, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 13th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th
day of November, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officer showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy,
German, Hansell and Thomas City Attorney and City Clerk.

Semi-monthly salary bills approved for the Police and Street Depts.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
two slot machine licenses be granted to the Vegas Sweet Shoppe. Applications being in proper
form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk. Vote on said Motion was as follows:
Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A copy of the Resolution passed by the Las Vegas Central Labor Council condemning
the City's Anti-Picketing Ordinance was read to the Board and ordered placed on file.

A petition signed by a number of property owners of the Westside petitioning the
Board of Commissioners for water in the H.F. M. & M. Addition was presented to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the said petition be referred to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company as that company is serving
the City of Las Vegas as a public utility in furnishing water to the residence of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of gaming applications were presented to the Board for con-
sideration. After some discussion on the applications it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy
seconded by Commissioner that the following Preambles and Resolution were introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, conditions have changed in the City of Las Vegas since the adoption of that
certain Resolution by this Board at a recessed regular meeting of said Board on the 6th day
of July 1931 and its modification on the 10th day of July 1931, wherein and by said Resolution
and modification thereof it was provided that until the further order of the Board not more
than eight gaming licenses, exclusive of Slot Machine licenses be granted for the quarter
commencing on the first day of July, 1931 and ending on the 30th day of September, 1931, and
whereas in the opinion of this Board undersaid changed conditions there is a need and deman
for at least ten such gaming licenses for the quarter beginning October 1, 1931, and ending
on the 31st day of December, 1931, and the City's interest will be served thereby, and whereas
there has heretofore been issued or renewed in this quarter, beginning October 1, 1931 and
ending December 31, 1931 seven of said licenses, exclusive of licenses for slot machines only,
and that the granting for said last mentioned quarter at least ten such licenses will not
contravene public interest and will not require an excessive amount of police protection under
the City's 1931 and 1932 budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the City's funds applicable
to police protection, but that the granting of more than ten such licenses for said
last mentioned quarter will contravene public interest and will require an excessive amount 
of police protection which cannot be met in view of the provision therefor made in said City's
1931 and 1932 budgets heretofore adopted and as appears from the present state of the City's
funds applicable for police protection.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that until the further order of this Board not more than
ten such gaming licenses shall be issued or granted for said quarter beginning October 1,1931
and ending December 31, 1931.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board then considered the application before them.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that a
license be granted to the Las Vegas Amusement Corporation for the operation of one Crap Table,
and One Rouelette Wheel in the Nevada Hotel Bldg. Application being in proper form and the
money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that a
license be granted to W.R.Wooddell for the operation of a Tango Parlor only at 123 So. Main
Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
The Mayor voting Aye. Commissioner Thomas voting No.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that a
license for the operation of one poker table and one dice table be granted to Wm. Jones and
Wm. Smith for 217 Stewart St. This gaming house to cater to the Ethiopian Race only.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a
gaming license be denied Eli Nickerson.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
a gaming license be denied Woo Sing.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy, German and Hansell,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The clerk was directed to return the money covering the licenses that were denied.

No motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
R.H. Elser be released as Inspector for the Nevada Gas Company Ltd. until such a time as
a new unit of mains should be laid.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy German, Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. Alkire of the Las Vegas Nursery appeared before the Board of Commissioners in
regard to the replacing of the trees that had died in the City park site.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
Mr. Alkire be allowed the replacing of the trees at a cost of not to exceed $1.50 per tree,
and the number of trees to be replaced being about 140 trees. Said trees to be paid for out
of the Publicity Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
Mr. Alkire top and fertilize the growing trees in the park site at the rate of 25¢ per each
tree.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy, German and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 20th day of November, 1931, at the hour of three' o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 20th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of November, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Hansell and
Mundy, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

This being the time set for the opening of bids on the $160,000.00 Sewer Bond issue and
no bids being received upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that the City of Las Vegas advertise for sale either 128 or 160 of said bonds. Vote on said
motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Notice to bond bidders being the following form:

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will re-
ceive bids until three o'clock P.M. on the 21st day of December, 1931, for the purchase of
either One Hundred Twenty-eight (128) or One Hundred Sixty (160) of Las Vegas Sewerage Bond
issue. Said bonds consist of One Hundred Sixty (160) bonds in the denomination of One Thousand
Dollars ($1000.00) each; which mature $8000.00 on the first day of July in each of the years
1953 to 1952 inclusive. Said bonds will bear interest at a rate not exceeding seven per centum
per annum, payable semi-annually, and will bear date the first day of July, 1931. The bonds
proposed to be issued on the basis of a bid for the one hundred twenty-eight (128) of said bonds
will commence with bond No. 17 and run consecutively thereafter up to bond No. 144, the first
maturity of eight bonds thereunder to be July 1, 1935, with eight bonds to mature on the first
day of July each consecutive year thereafter.

Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accompanied
by a deposit of five per cent either cash or certified check payable to the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted;
and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds within
thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of his or its deposit will be
forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event said Board of Commissioners will elect
whether or not it will accept the bid of the one making the next best bid for the same amount
of bonds. If there be two or more equal bids for the same amount of bonds an such bids are the
best received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said Board of Commissioners will de-
termine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,
1931 issue," and addressed to the City Clerk of the city of Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada. Bids
will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 21st day of December, 1931, at the hour of
three o'clock P.M. at the regular meeting place of said Board in the Board of Commissioners
Room in the office of the City Clerk in said City of Las Vegas.	Bidders	shall submit a bid	speci-
fying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium,	if any above	par, at	which such bidder	will

purchase the specified number of bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder
will purchase the specified number of bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the bidder making
the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all bids
and readvertise. In determining which is the best bid the Board reserves the right to determine,
in its discretion, whether it will accept the best	bid on the 128 bonds	or the best bid on	the

160 bonds. None of said bonds will be sold at less	than par and	accrued	interest, and no discount

or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this 20th day of November, 1931.

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

By_____________________

Mayor.

Attest:

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

"An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City
of Las Vegas, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

"An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Sections Nos. 11, 111, and IV of Ordinance
No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las
Vegas, establishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within the City
of Las Vegas; defining such districts: declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain or
operate certain factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said
commercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and build-
ing of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing a penalty for the violation
of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith," approved April 22, 1931, as
amended by Ordinance No. 183 of the City of Las Vegas; and to repeal all ordinances and parts of
ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a final reading.

A.L. Alkire of the Las Vegas Nursery appeared before the Board and ask permission to
decorate the business streets and lighting systems on said streets for the Christmas season.
Merchants along said streets providing the decorations if permission could be secured to use the
streets and lighting systems. Permission was granted.
O.A. Kimball appeared before the Board at this time and ask that the Kiwanis Club be given
permission to landscape its plot in the City Park site, and to pipe water from the City well on
said site to provide water for the Kiwanis plot.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Kiwanis Club be granted permission to landscape its plot in the City Park and to pipe water from
the City well to be used on said plot.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board at this time considered the passing of a new license Ordinance, and the entitled
Ordinance, "An Ordinance to amend Section 7, of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, en-
titled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation and
revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the
corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax
upon the same end providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for the

carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1, 2,
4, 13, 14, and 35," as amended by Sec. 1. of Ordinance No. 81 of said City, by herein amending
certain subdivisions thereof and by adding certain other subdivisions, and to amend said Ordinance
No. 48 by adding two new Sections to be know as Sections Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to
repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first time
and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting* then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 4th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of December, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German, and
Thomas, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Commissioner Mundy appointed to approve the bills of the W.S. & L. Dept. owning to the
Commissioner of that dept. L.B. Hansell.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of the Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved.

Monies received for the month of November as follows:

$1,251.50 Municipal Count Fine.

609.00	Poll	Tax

210.00	Sale	Cemetery	Lots.

129.75	Fees	from Plumbing Inspector.

1.357.70	City	licenses	and fees.

3,557.95	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

§2,609.20	P and F Fund.

210.00	Cemetery

129.75	W.S. & L.	Fund.

_____609.00 Street Fund.

3,557.95	Total.

The sum of §2,100.00 transferred from the General Fund to the W.S. & L. Fund.

Petitions from Cora J. Nobblitt and A.J. Robinson asking the Board for permission to
use streets and alleys for the installing of water systems were presented to the Board and same
were referred to J.P. King Street Supt.

"An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Sections Nos. 2 and 10 of Ordinance No.
111 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture, storage, or
keeping, sale, offering or exposing for sale or barter, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors
in the City of Las Vegas, regulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for
the violation of this, ordinance, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith," approved May 5, 1925, as amended by Ordinance No. 179; and to repeal all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a
second reading.
A petition to the Honorable Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas from
the Beauty Parlor owners petitioning the Board to reduce the license fee for beauty parlors
was presented to the Board.

Laid petition will be considered at the time of the passing of the new license ordin-
ance now under consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Clerk be directed to take up as many of the Boulder Dam Highway Bonds as there was money in the
treasury to cover same in units of One Thousand Dollars each plus the interest.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. Tom Salter appeared before the Board in regard to the extension of time granted
the Nevada Gas Company LTd. for the installation of gas mains and ask that the company be
granted a six month extension of time.

Thereupon, on motion, duly made, seconded and carried the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of said Nevada Gas Company, Ltd. be and the same
is hereby granted and the time within which to complete the unfinished lines be and the same
is hereby extended for a period of six months from the 15th day of December, 1931, and that
this Resolution, when assented to by said Permittee Corporation be considered and treated as
an amendment to that extent of said original permit, and that in all other respect said Original
Permit shall remain in full force and effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that before the extension hereby provided shall take effect
the said permittee corporation shall within twenty days from the 4th day of December, 1931,
file in writing with the City Clerk a written acceptance of the terms of this Resolution,
executed by its proper officers under the seal of said corporation.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall furnish a copy of this Res-
olution to said Nevada Gas Company, Ltd.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 11th day of December, 1931, at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
Clark County, Nevada.

December 21st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 21st day of December 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and
Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner German.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 11th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 11th day of December, 1931 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Pro. Tem. German, Commissioners Mundy,
Thomas, and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Mayor E.W.Cragin.

Semi-monthly salary bills of the Police and Street Departments allowed.

Finance Commissioner Thomas directed that $1100.00 be transferred from the General Fund
to the Police and Fire Fund.

At this time the members of the Board entered into a discussion on the new licensing
ordinance and the rates to be placed on the various businesses. No action taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
the 21st day of December 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
The Mayor announced that this was the time for the opening and consideration of bids
upon Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds, 1931 issue. The Clerk thereupon opened the sealed bid of Nevada
Industrial Commission, being the only bid on said bonds. Said bid was as follows:

If Bonds are issued at Six (6%) Per Cent, we bid par and accrued interest to date of
delivery of bonds, for the purchase of either One Hundred Twenty-eight (128) or One Hundred
Sixty (160) Bonds, of the denomination of One Thousand ($1,000) Dollars each, know and designated
as "City of Las Vegas, Sewer Bonds"; to mature Eight Thousand ($8,000) Dollars on the first
of July in each year after issuance.

Should the Bonds bear interest at the rate of Seven (2%) Per Cent, we will purchase them
on a basis of Six and One-Sixteenth, or an interest rate of $.06625.

Thereupon after consideration on said bid, upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded
by Commissioner Thomas the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, this Board has heretofore, by order made and entered on the minutes of this
Board at a meeting thereof held on the 20th day of November, 1931, directed notice to be given
calling for bids on Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds, 1931 issue on this 21st day of December, 1931 at
the hour of three o'clock P.M. and directing that such bids shall be for the purchase of One
Hundred Twenty-eight (128) or One Hundred Sixty (160) bonds of said issue, and therein it was
provided that if the bonds be issued on the bases of a bid for one hundred twenty-eight (128)
of said bonds the bonds should commence with bond No. 17 and run consecutively thereafter up 
to bond No. 144 the first maturity of eight bonds thereunder to be July 1, 1935, with eight
 bonds to mature on the first day of July each consecutive year thereafter, and

WHEREAS, it was the sense of this Board at the time of making said last mentioned
order that it was possible that there would not be any necessity for the issue of more than one
hundred twenty eight of said bonds, but that in the event it became necessary to issue more
than one hundred twenty-eight of said bonds this Board was of the opinion that, notwithstanding
the present financial depression and weak bond market that the banks of Las Vegas would readily
absorb the first sixteen of said bonds, numbered from 1 to 16 inclusive, in view of their early
maturity, and that in the event it became necessary to issue bonds Nos. 145 to 160, inclusive,
even if said depression and weakness of the bond market should continue, the said remainder
or such part thereof as were required to be sold could be readily sold to the State of Nevada
or any bond house usually dealing with bonds of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, this Board is still of the same opinion as hereinabove set forth,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that in the opinion of this Board the bid of said
Nevada Industrial Commission for One Hundred Twenty-eight (128) of said bonds of the denomi-
nation of One Thousand Dollars ($1000) each, to bear interest at the rate of six per centum
per annum, interest payable semi-annually, at par and accrued interest to date of delivery,
is a fair and just bid and that it is to the interest of the City of Las Vegas to accept the
same, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, acting by and on behalf of said
City of Las Vegas does hereby accept said bid of said Nevada Industrial Commission, withe and
on the understanding that said one hundred twenty-eight bonds will commence with bond No. 17
and run consecutively thereafter up to bond No. 144, inclusive, the first maturity of eight
bonds thereunder to be July 1, 1935, with eight bonds to mature on the first day of July of
each consecutive years thereafter as set forth in the Notice calling for bids on said bonds.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Nevada Industrial Commission be notified by the
Clerk of this Board of the acceptance of such bid; that a transcript of the bond proceedings
hereunder be furnished said Commission at an early date, and that the Clerk secure an estimate
from Rocky Mountain Bank Note Company, of Salt Lake City, Utah of the cost of the printing
of said bonds.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows:	Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell

and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 22nd day of December, 1931 at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 22nd, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meet ng of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 22nd day of December, 1931 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present: Mayor E.W.Cragin, Commissioners
Mundy and German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed by the Mayor to approve the salary claim of David
Mackey as Finance commissioner owing to the absence of that Commissioner.

An Ordinance entitled, "Ordinance providing for the parole of persons under sentence
of imprisonment in the City Jail," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.
An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation
and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within
the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax
upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and punishment for carrying
on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1,2,4, 15,

14 and 35," as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 81 of said City, by herein amending certain
subdivisions thereof and by adding certain other subdivisions, and to amend said Ordinance No. 48
by adding two new sections to be know as Sections Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to repeal
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read fro a second time and passed
by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, and German and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes
none.

The Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper, printed and published at Las Vegas for a period of One Week (six
issues). Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 184, and to be in full force and effect from
and after its final publication and on and after the 31st day of December, 1931.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 31st day of December, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 31st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 31st day of December, 1931 at the hour of th.ee o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas, City
Attorney Stevens end City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners German and Hansell.

At this time the Board took under consideration the granting of the gaming and slot
machine applications on file.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that a
license for the operation of 1 Pan, 1 Stud Poker, 1 Crap Game, 1 Twenty-one Game, 1 Rouellete
Wheel, and 1 Faro Bank game and six Slot Machine be granted to Mayme V. Stocker, owner the
Northern Club. Application being in proper form and the money to cover same being on file with
the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and. Thomas and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The application of Mayme V. Stocker for the operation of an Eighty Ball Keno Game
was laid over until the City Attorney investigated the legality of the game.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the gaming license applied for for the Las Vegas Amusement Corporation, Las Vegas Club and Boulder Club
all being in proper form and the money coverning the same being on file with the City be granted

Vote on raid motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas end Mundy and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the following slot machine licenses be granted, all applications being in proper form and the
money coverning the same being on file with the Clerk:

Mayme V. Stocker	1

L.V. Pharmacy	3

P.O.	"	3

Professional Drug	3

White X	3

Jack Weisberger	2

Warren A. Kime	1

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Mundy and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German
Thomas, Hansell City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

City Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Moneys received for the month of December 1931 as follows:

$49,219.57 Taxes received from J.M. Ullom City Treasurer.

156.00	Fees from Plumbing Inspector

135.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

813.00	Poll Tax

2,224.00	Municipal Court Fines
8.056.97 Licenses, and Fees.

60,604.54 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$49,219.57 Distributed as per Budget

5,000.00 General Fund.

5,280.97 P and F Fund.

135.00	Cemetery Fund

156.00	W.S.&.L. Fund

813.00	Street Fund (Poll Tax)

60,604.54

The Board at this time considered the gaming applications on file with the City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that a
license for the operation of one Stud poker table and one Crap table be granted to Wm. Jones.

Mr. Jones presenting proof to the Board that he is sole owner of said business

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the follow-
ing gaming licenses be renewed;

Boulder Club	6	Devices

"	4	Card Games

"	6	Slot Machines

Las Vegas Club	8	Devices

"	"	"	1 Card Game

"	"	"	8 Slot Machines

Rainbow Club	4 Card Tables

"	"	4 Devices

A.T.Mc Carter	1	Slot Machine

A.T.Mc Carter	4	Card Tables

J.R. Boyer	1	card table

W.R.Wooddell	1	Tango Game

J.D. Butler	1	Crap table

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following slot
machine licenses were granted:

D.	Stearns	2	Slot Machines

E.	Guffey	2	"

E.E.Masten	1	"	"

John Van Ryn	1	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time three new gaming applications were presented to the Board for its con-
sideration, being that of Faxon and Noon, Joe Morgan, and Apache Club. After some discussion on
the applications, it was on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy
moved that the following Preambles and Resolution be adopted:

Whereas, conditions have changed in the City of Las Vegas since the adoption of that
certain Resolution by this Board at a recessed regular meeting of said Board on the 13th day of
November, 1931, wherein by said Resolution it was provided that until the further order of the
Board not more than ten gaming licenses, exclusive of slot machine licenses, be granted for
the quarter commencing Oct. 1, 1931 and ending Dec. 31, 1931, and

Whereas, in the opinion of this Board under said changed conditions there is a need
and demand for at least thirteen such gaming licenses for the quarter begining Jan. 1, 1932
and ending March 31, 1932, and the City's interest will be served thereby, and

Whereas, there has heretofore been issued or renewed for this quarter, beginning Jan.

1, 1932, and ending March 31, 1932 ten of said licenses, exclusive of slot machine licenses only,
and that the granting for said last mentioned quarter at least thirteen such licenses will not
contravene public interest and will not require an excessive amount of police protection under
the City's 1931 and 1932 budgets heretofore adopted and the state of the City's finds
applicable to police protection, but that the granting of more than thirteen such licenses
for said last mentioned quarter will contravene public interest and will require an excessive
amount of police protection which cannot be met in view of the provisions therefor made in
said City's 1931 and 1932 budgets heretofore adopted and as appears from the present state
of the City's funds applicable thereto for police protection.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that until the further order of this Board not more
than thirteen such gaming licenses shall be issued or granted for said quarter beginning Jan.

1,	1932 and ending March 31, 1932.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following
gaming license application were granted:

H.E. Faxon & E.Noon	1	stud poker	game

Joe H. Morgan	1	Twenty-one	Game

Apache Club	1	Roulette Wheel

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of the consideration of the application of Mayme V. Stocker, here-
tofore filed, for a Permit to conduct and carry on the gambling game or device of Eighty Ball
Keno 	at the place known as	the	Northern	Club	on Fremont	Street	in	the City	of	Las	Vegas,	was

had by the Board. The City	Attorney,	to	whom	the matter	had heretofore been referred	for	investigation 

and report thereon, reported to the Board that he had investigated the law and the facts
with reference to said game of eighty ball Keno, and was of the opinion 1. That it was not a
game of Keno as contemplated by Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas and/or the State
Gaming Act of 1931, in that the method of conduct thereof was entirely different than the game
of Keno, the latter game being a percentage game, and Eighty Ball Keno being a banking game.

2.	That eighty ball Keno, as now being and heretofore being operated under license from the
City, under application denominating the same "Keno", secured from the City Clerk in the last
preceding quarter year and without application to the Board of Commissioners of said City, there-
for, was and is a lottery, and is operated in all substantial respects as Chinese Lottery,
and was not a game or device which could be legally permitted by or licensed by the City of
Las Vegas.

After due consideration of the matter, upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by
Commissioner Hansell, it was

Resolved, that the application of Mayme V. Stocker for a permit and license to
operate an eighty-ball keno game in the Northern Club on Fremont Street in Las Vegas, be and
the same is hereby denied on the grounds 1. That said game is not a game of Keno as now and
heretofore operated by aid Mayme V. Stocker. 2. That said eighty-ball Keno constitutes a
lottery, and cannot be permitted or licensed by said City, for the reason that such lottery
is in violation of the Constitution and laws of the State of Nevada.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 15th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 15th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 15th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and Hansell
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and German.

Commissioner Hansell appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the finance Com-
missioner owing to the absence of that officer.

Semi-monthly salary bills allowed.

Minutes of all previous meetings approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following slot
machine licenses granted. Applications be ng in proper form and monies to cover same being on
file with the Clerk.

E.P. Bihlmaier	43 Slot machine Licenses

Vegas Sweet Shoppe 15	"	"	"

L.L.Arnet & John Graglia 18 Slot machine licenses
J.T.Watters	10 "	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell end His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board considered the matter of giving Three Hundred ($300.00) towards
the establishing of an exhibit in the City of Las Vegas of specimens from the Buried City.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the City appropriate the sum of Three Hundred Dollars from the Publicity Fund towards the
establishing of an exhibit of specimens from the Buried City in the City of Las Vegas.

Said Three Hundred dollars to be paid to Dr. W.S. Park, Chairman of the Museum Committee
in two installments of One Hundred Fifty Dollars each.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His Honor the
Mr. A.W. Ham appeared before the Board at this time representing a number of citizens of
Vegas Verde asking the Board of Commissioners to repeal the Mile Limit Ordinance. No action was
taken at this time owing to the absence of some members of the Board of Commissioners.

Mr. James Cashman and Attorney Gambill appeared before the Board and ask that the City
Board have a letter sent to the Nevada State Highway Dept. in Carson City endorsing the im-
provement on the Tonopah Highway from the City of Las Vegas to the Charleston Park Road.

The Clerk of the Board was instructed to write to the State Highway Dept.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Sat. the 15th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 16th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 16th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until January
18th, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 19th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 19th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas and City Attorney Stevens.

The City Clerk reported to the Board of Commissioners that the first Fifty Thousand
Dollars had been received from the Nevada Industrial Commission on the one hundred twenty-
eight Sewerage Bonds purchased by said Commission.

The Clerk was then directed to wire Webster L. Benham, Sanitary Engineer, and The
Fuller Construction Company to be represented at the recessed regular meeting of the Board of
Commissioners to be held on the 25th day of January at the hour of three o'clock so that the
contract between the Fuller Construction Co. and the City of Las Vegas might be executed.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until the 25th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JANUARY 18th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 18th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas and City Attorney Stevens.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 19th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 25th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The follow ng answered roll call: Mayor Cragin. Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

The Board of Commissioners at this time were informed by City Attorney Stevens that
Mr. Benham and Nr. May of the Fuller Construction Company were detained in Dallas, Texas on
business and would not be able to be present in the City of Las Vegas for some days to sign
the contract between the City of Las Vegas and The Fuller Construction Company, and that he
had been in communication with them and had informed them that the contract might be signed
by them in Dallas Texas and sent to the City for the signatures of the Mayor and the City Clerk.
The copies of the contract being received by the Clerk were opened, but not signed at this
time owing to the lack of proof of the power of attorney of Paul Doring of the Union Indemnity
Company and the certificate of the said company to transact business in the State of Nevada
for the current year. Said Union Indemnity Company being the bonding company issuing the
Contractor's Bond as required by the terms of the contract.

Plat of the Metropolitan Addition to the City of Las Vegas was presented to the
Board for its approval by Engineer A.R. Thompson. City Attorney Stevens reported the plat in
proper order same was approved by Mayor Cragin and Attest by City Clerk Viola Burns under
the seal of the City. The plat had already been approved by the City Planing Commission.

The matter of the unpaid assessments for street improvements as provided in Ordin-
ances Nos. 176 and 177 was next brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the City Treasurer J.M.Ullom notify in writing the property owners having unpaid assessments
due under Ordinances Nos. 176 and 177 that same must be paid in ten days, as provided for
in said ordinances.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the slot machine license applied for be granted to the following:

D.	Stearns	2	Slot	Machines

Geo. Clark	2	"	"

Jack Weisberger	2	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Roes none.

At this time the application of Mayme V Stocker for a gaming license for an Eighty
Ball Keno game to be conducted at the Northern Club, No. 15 Fremont Street in the City of
Las Vegas, and filed and dated the 16th day of January, 1932, was presented to the Board for
its consideration and action.

After due consideration and acting upon the advice of the City Attorney, F.A.

Stevens, upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was

Resolved, that the application of Mayme V. Stocker for a permit and license to
operate an Eighty Ball Keno game in the Northern Club at No. 15 Fremont Street in the City
of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby denied on the grounds: 1. That said game is not a
game of Keno as defined in the Statutes of the State of Nevada and Ordinance No. 165 of the
City of Las Vegas. 2. That said Eighty Ball Keno game constitutes a lottery as heretofore
operated at said place by said Mayme V. Stocker, and cannot be permitted or licensed by said
City, for the reason that such lottery is in violation of the Constitution and laws of the
State of Nevada. This conclusion is reached after an investigation and explanation as to
how said Eighty Ball Keno game is operated and proposed to be operated.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The application of Alfred Blackman for the audit of the books of the City of Las
Vegas and the preparing of the Budget for 1933 and the yearly report of the city of 1931
was presented to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
Mr. Blackman be given the audit of the City books for the year 1932 and the preparing of the
1933 budget and the 1931 yearly report.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until 26th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 26th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 26th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.	

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Mundy and German, City
Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

On motion of Commissioners Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
T.J. Settle be granted three slot machine licenses.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 27th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance
Commissioner owing to the absence of that officer.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

Clerk.

Reports of the City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the mayor.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 27th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 27th day of January 1932 at the hour of three O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and
German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

At this time the Board took under consideration the signing of the contract for
the sewer system.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissi oner German it was

RESOLVED, That the Mayor and City Clerk sign the contract had between the City of
Las Vegas and the Fuller Construction Company on the execution of a surety company bond for the
faithful performance of the contract, in the sum of $106,510.54, by the Union Indemnity Company
of New Orleans, La. and the exhibition to the said Mayor and City Clerk of a certificate from
the Secretary of the State of Nevada, authorizing said surety company to do business in the
State of Nevada for the year 1932, and the filing with the Clerk of a certified copy of the
Power of Attorney of Paul Doring from said company to execute a bond of the character and the
amount prescribed.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His
Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
Monies received for the'month of January as follows:

$2,250.00 Municipal Court Fines
5,418.43 City Licenses and Fees

550.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

115.00	Plumbing Fees	

____20.00 Inst. on Library saving's Account

8,155. 45 Total

Monies proportioned as follows:

$4,500.00 P and F Fund
5,168.45 General "

550.00	Cemetery "

20.00	Library Support Fund

115.00	W.S.& L. Fund

Commissioner 8,155. 45 Total

Thomas arrived late

Clerk at this time reported to the Board that the Power of Attorney of Paul Dor-
ing for the Union Indemnity Company and the certificate from the Secretary of the State of
Nevada authorizing the Union Indemnity Co. to do business in the State of Nevada for the
year 1932 had been received, and that the contract between the City of Las Vegas and the
Fuller Construction Company had been signed and set to the construction company and a copy
had also been sent to the office of Paul Doring in Los Angeles, California on the 30th day
of January 1932.

The matter of the releasing of the certified check for the amount of $7,000.00 de-
posited by the Fuller Construction Company at the time of the acceptance of that company's
bid for the sewer work was next brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioners Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was

RESOLVED, That the City Clerk on behalf of the City of Las Vegas endorse said certi-
fied check in the amount of $7,000.00 and forward same to the Fuller Construction Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes none.

The claim of J.E. Leaman for the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars for the audit of
the City books for the, third and fourth quarters of the 1931 was laid over until the further
order of the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the amount alotted to the support of the Las Vegas Library be raised from the sum of Ninety
Dollars to the sum of One Hundred Dollars per month. The same to be in effect for the month
ending February, 1932.

At this time a number of citizens of North LAs Vegas appeared before the Board of
Commissioners asking that Ordinance No. 179 of the City of Las Vegas be repealed. After
due consideration of the matter and ordinance entitled ,"An Ordinance to amend, revise and
re-enact Sections Nos. 2 and 10 of Ordinance No. 111 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled,

"An Ordinance prohibiting the manufacture, storage, or keeping, sale, offering or exposing
for sale or barter, or other disposal of intoxicating liquors in the City of Las Vegas, re-
gulating other matters pertaining thereto; providing a penalty for the violation of this
Ordinance, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith,"
approved May 5, 1925, as amended by Ordinance No. 179; and to repeal all ordinances and
parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a second time. Said ordinances had
been read for a first time the 4th day of December, 1931.

The vote on said ordinance was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Commissioners Mundy and German voting no.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 12th day of February 1332 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 12th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 12th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German
City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Tues-
day the 16th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
 OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 16th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 16th day of February 1952 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Mundy,
and German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the following slot machine licenses be grafted:

Vegas Sweet Shoppe 2 Slot machine L censes
Sam P. Lipkin 1 Slot machine license

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The application of Martin Millarich for license to operate one poker table at 209
So. 1st Street was presented to the Board for its consideration

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the license be denied on the grounds that the number of gaming licenses to be issued for the
first quarter of 1932 had been placed at thirteen, by Resolution of the Board of Commissioners at
a regular meeting held on the 4th day of January 1932, and that number of licenses had already
been issued, and that the Clerk return the cashier's cleck that accompanied the application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the City Attorney brought to the attention of the Board the suit of
Mayme V. Stocker vs. Viola Burns as City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas. Said suit is for the
purpose of demanding a license for an 80 Ball Keno Game.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the City Attorney defend the City Clerk in said action, and that the Clerk be authorized to
drawn a warrant in the sum of $5.00, and that the same be paid the County Clerk of Clark
County, Nevada as appearance fees.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 23rd day of February, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 23rd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 23rd day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German
and Hansell and City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

J.E. Leaman appeared before the Board in regard to payment for audit of the City
Books for the fourth quarter. No decision was reached at this time as to the manner of making
said payment.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
two slot machine licenses be grant R.J.Andrus. Applications being in proper form and money to
cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes none.

Albert Wittwer of the Clark County Farm Bureau and P. Nash State inspector of weights
and measures appeared before the Board in regard to the City adopting an ordinance regulating
the sale of milk.

The following ordinance was then read for a first time and laid over for a second reading

"An ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream and certain other dairy products in the
City of Las Vegas; defining standards of milk and cream, providing for the issuance of permits
for the sale of milk and cream in the City of Las Vegas and the revocation of such permits;
authorizing the City Council to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of the
ordinance; providing for a penalty for the violation thereof; and repealing

all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance."

Mr. Thompson the City Engineer being present with the Supt. of Streets J.P.King the
Board entered into a discussion of the ways and means to keep in repair the City streets.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 26th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 26th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 26th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell and City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

At this time the Board took the matter of the deeding back to the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company the land used as the site of the present disposal plant in return for which the
Las Vegas Land and Water Company would deed to the City of Las Vegas land to be used for the
disposal plant to be erected in the near future. Also to reconvey easement for sewer and dump-
ground as per draft of deed; presented to the meeting.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
City Attorney, Stevens prepare a deed deeding back to the Las Vegas Land and Water Co.
the land used as a site for the present disposal plant.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 29th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVA A.

FEBRUARY 29th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 29th day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,

Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

W.L. Benham, Sanitary Engineer for the City and A.R.Thompson City Engineer also being
present.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
office of Building Inspector be declared vacant.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
A.R.Thompson be appointed Building Inspector for the City of Las Vegas to hold office at the
pleasure of the Board of Commissioners and to file with the Clerk a bond in the sum of Two
Thousand Dollars. Salary to equal the fees to $250.00 per month. The sum over $250.00 going
to the City and to be placed in the General Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time Webster L. Benham presented to the Board for its consideration his claim
for $2,192.97.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German, the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, there has heretofore been paid to Keobig & Koebig, as then consulting
engineers on the additional sewer system, and the contract of said Koebig & Koebig was heretofore
 assigned to Webster L. Benham, and a supplemental agreement was entered into between
the City of Las Vegas, and said Webster L. Benham of date the 28th day of January, 1931,
wherein and whereby said Forty-five Hundred Dollars was provided to be credited by said
Webster L. Benham upon the compensation provided for in paragraph numbered one on the first
page of the Koebig & Koebig agreement of date Sept. 27, 1929, and it was agreed that said
sum of $4500.00 was paid to said Koebig & Koebig under and pursuant to the provisions of
Article 111 on page 2 of said agreement of date Sept. 27, 1929, and

Whereas, it was the intent in providing for the payment of the first four and one-
half percent, as provided in said agreements of date Sept. 27, 1929 and January 28, 1931,
that the work on the sewer mains and disposal plant and the laterals would be carried on at
the same time and that bonds for the payment of the cost or assessments for the payment the
cost of both the mains and disposal plant and for said laterals would be issued or levied,
as the case may be at or about the same time, and

Whereas, it now appears that the bonds have been sold separately for the moneys
to carry on the construction of the mains and disposal plant and that assessments for the
carrying on of the work for the laterals and the carrying on of the work of putting in the
laterals will be done separately, and

Whereas, it will be necessary, just and fair that the proper portion of said $4500,
so paid as a foresaid, shall be made a charge against the work of construction of said laterals
and that it is just and fair to said Webster L. Benham the the whole of said $4500, for the
purposes aforesaid be not charged against him on the work of said mains and disposal plant,
and that one-half be charged against him on the engineering work on said mains and disposal
plant and the other one-half be charged against him on the engineering work on said laterals,
and

Whereas, it appears that the contract price for s id mains and disposal plant is
$106,510.54, and that the first 4½% thereof as provided in said contracts would amount to the
sum of $4,792.97, and that under the arrangement above suggested it shall be deemed that said
Webster L. Benham has already been paid $2,250.00 on the first 4½% of the cost of such work,
which would leave due him the sum of $2,542.97, less $350.00 heretofore paid him thereon,
leaving now due on the first 4½% of the cost of the construction of said mains and disposal
plant, and that the same should be paid to him in the manner, at the time and conditions
hereinafter set forth, and

Whereas, said $4500 was paid out of the general fund of the City of Las Vegas, to be re-
paid to said general fund when funds were available from bond issue or assessments covering
the contemplated sewer work, end that in order to carry out the arrangement above suggested
it will be necessary to transfer to the general fund from the sewer bond fund the sum of
$2250.00 as the just and proper proportion of said $4500 to be stood and borne out of said
bond fund, and that the remaining $2250.00 be paid into the general fund of the City out of
moneys raised by special assessment, when made, for the cost of the construction of laterals,
and that the said Webster L. Benham shall when moneys are available by assessment for the pay-
ment of engineering fees for said lateral work, credit said City thereon the sum of $2250.00,
applying the same on the first four and one-half per cent. of the engineering fees for such
lateral work.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that under the arrangement above suggested a supple-
mental contract be entered into between- the City and said Webster L. Benham wherein and whereby
it be provided that said City shall at this time pay to said Webster Benham the sum of
$2,192.97, as a balance in full of the first four and one-half per cent engineering fees for
said main and sewerage disposal plant work, based on said contract price of $106,510.54, but
that should the cost of such mains and disposal plant exceed said contract price the said
Webster L. Benham be paid in accordance with the said contract of September 27, 1929, as modi-
fied by said contract of January 28, 1931; that such supplemental contract shall provide that
when the remainder of the first four and one-half per cent of the engineering work on lateral
shall become due and payable and moneys shall be available for the payment thereof, the said
City of Las Vegas shall be credited thereon in said sum of $2250.00 which is to be charged to
and collected from funds to be raised for the cost of such laterals; that such credit be made
by said Webster L. Benham, if required by said City to perform the engineering services upon
the construction of such laterals, although such laterals be constructed during a period be-
yond the life of said original contract of date Sept. 27th, 1929 but not to exceed five years
from the 27th day of September, 1929.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the sum of $2192.97 be paid to said Webster L. Ben-
ham out of said sewer bond fund for the purposes aforesaid, and that $2250 be transferred from
said sewer bond fund to the general fund in repayment of an advance to that amount on the engin-
eering cost of said laterals, and that the sum of $350.00 be transferred from said sewer bond
to the water, sewer and light fund in repayment of that amount heretofore advanced to said
Webster L. Benham out of said water, sewer and light fund upon engineering fees; that within
sixty days from the making of the payment of the sum of §2192.97 to said Webster L. Benham
he deliver to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas the plans, specification, survey, 

and estimates prepared by said Koebig and Koebig, and such resurveys, estimates, plans and specifications 

provided in said agreement of January 28, 1931 to be made by said Webster L. Benham, and upon such 

delivery the same shall become the sole property of said City of Las Vegas, and that said supplemental 

contract herein provided for so provide; that said supplemental contract be executed in the name of the 

City of Las Vegas by the Mayor and attested by the Clerk with her signature and the seal of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and German and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of March 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and
Hansell, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance Com-
missioner owing to the absence of that officer.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Moneys received for the month of February as follows:

$330.00 Poll Tax

250.00	Sale Cemetery Lots

73.00	Plumbing permits

2.956.00	Municipal Court Fines

4,212.60	Total.
Moneys proportioned as follows:

$3,559.60 P and F Fund

330.00	Street Fund

250.00	Cemetery Fund

73.00	W.S. & L. Fund

4,212.60	Total.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that the
City Attorney, F.A. Stevens be directed to start proceedings against the property owners on
Fremont Street owing unpaid assessment on property for street improvements authorized under
Ordinances Nos. 176 and 177 of the City of Las Vegas now past due.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Nevada Gas Company be directed to furnish a plat of the gas mains now installed and the size
of the pipe used with the City, with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board at this time considered the adopting of the City Budget for the coming
year as prepared by Alfred W. Blackman.

On Motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the budget for the year 1932 be adopted in the following form:

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
PRESCRIBED FORM OF CITY BUDGETS, 1932.

Estimated receipts and expenditures of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the year ending

December 31, 1932, as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.

*Indicates totals for all bonds.
ASSESSED VALUATION

Cash on hand January 1, 1932	$21,995.96

Balance due from second half Taxes, 1931	39,023.23

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures of the
City of Las Vegas, for the current years as required by Section 9, Chapter 42, Law of Nevada, 1923.

Attest:	Signed:

Viola Burns	E.W.Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor.

dated March 4th, 1932.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting aye. Noes none.
The Clerk was directed to deliver a copy of the Budget to the Board of County Commission-
ers of Clark County, to have budget published once a week for two consecutive weeks in a newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, and to send a copy of said budget to the Nevada
State Board of Finance in Carson City, Nevada.

The matter of the tax levy was next brought before the Board of Commissioners and upon
motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Resolutions were duly
adopted and unanimously carried:

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.17 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being	within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,	be levied, collected, and

paid for the year 1932, including	the net proceeds of the mines, except	such property as is exempt 

from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.30 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable property
situate, lying and being within the City of	i.as Vegas,	Nevada, be levied, collected, and	paid	for

the year 1932, including the	net proceed of	the mines,	except such property as is exempt	from

taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the general fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.59 bn each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being	within the City	of	Las	Vegas, Nevada,	be levied, collected and

paid for the year 1932, including	the net proceed	of	the	mines,	except such property as is exempt 

from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the street fund.

Resolved, that an	ad valorem tax	of $.22 on	each one hundred dollars worth of	tax-
able property situate, lying	and being within the City	of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,	collected, 

and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the water, sewer and light fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.02 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate; lying and being	within	the	City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be	levied,	coll-
ected, and paid for the year, 1932, including	the	net proceeds of mines, except	such property as

is exempt	from	taxation, said	tax	to be known as and	used as	the Library Fund.

Resolved, that and	ad valorem tax of $.07 on each one hundred dollars worth of 	tax-

able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, coll-
ected and paid	for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of mines, except such	 property	as

is exempt from	taxation, said tax to be known as and used as bond interest fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.09 on each one hundred dollars worth of	tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be	levied, 	collected 

and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of mines, except such property
s is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as bond redemption fund.

Resolved, that and ad valorem tax of $.04 on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collect and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

The plat of the "Meadows Acres" amended was presented to the Board for its approval.

Same being approved by the City Planning Commission. City Attorney Stevens reporting to the
Board that said plat was in proper form and proof of ownership being also presented to the Board
the plated was approved by the Mayor attest by the Clerk under the seal of the City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 9th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Clark County, Nevada.

March 9th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 9th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
and Thomas, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Several matters in regard to the new sewer system and disposal plant were brought before
the Board at this time for its consideration.

A letter from the Dorr Company, Inc. was read to the Board informing them that the type
Digester for the disposal plant had been improved in both design and appearance since the bids
were opened and ask if the City of Las Vegas would consider the installation of the improved
type instead of the one submitted in the bids.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
City accept the improved type of digester, subject to the approval of the erection drawing by
Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City. City Clerk be directed to write the Dorr
Company to this effect.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.
On recommendation of Commissioner L.B. Hansell R.H. Elser was appointed to act as in-
spector for the City on the sewer work.

The matter of hiring two shifts per day the compensation for working in short shifts
were next considered by the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners Mundy seconded by Commissioners German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that subject to the approval by Union Indemnity Company, the surety on the
Construction bond of Fuller Construction Company of date January 27, 1932 given in connection
with the contract of the same date between said Fuller Construction Company, as second party,
and City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as party of the first part, of said date of January 27, 1932,
covering the construction of Sanitary Main sewers and Sewage Disposal Plant, the provision
appearing under the sub-head of "Local Labor on page 18 of the general Specification which are
a part of said contract, and reading as follows:

"The Contractor will be required to pay the prevailing rate of wage, as established by
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, said rate being 62½% per hour or $5.00
per eight-hour day."

be amended so that the same shall read as follows:

"The Contractor will be required to pay the prevailing rate of wage, as established
by the Board of Commissioners of the City of has Vegas, said rate being 50¢ per hour provided
the contractor shall work the employees a split shift each day of not less than five hours
for each split shift. Otherwise the rate shall remain as appears in said Contract." The Clerk
shall notify said Indemnity Company and furnish it with a certified copy of this Resolution.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 16th day of March 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 16th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 16th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

	Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and

German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed to act as Finance Commissioner due to the absence
of that Commissioner and approve the claim of the Las Vegas Public Library.

A letter from the Rainbow Transit Company was read to the Board of Commissioners
petitioning that body to designate a loading zone at 127 So. 1st St. The Clerk was directed
to write to the Rainbow Transit company and inform them that at this time it would be im-
possible to have a loading zone in that location.

A delegation from the Waiters and Caters Union appeared before the Board asking that
the "Picketing Ordinance," recently passed by the Board of Commissioners be repealed. No
action was taken on that matter at the present time.

Permission was granted to the Veterans of Foreign to use the streets of the City for
a parade to advertise its dance the night of March 17th, 1932.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a
slot machine license be granted to the Home Bakery. Said application being in proper form and
money to cover same accompanying said application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 23rd day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
Clark County, Nevada.

March 23rd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 23rd day of March 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy and German, His Honor the
Mayor, and the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.



Thomas Harland appeared before the Board at this time and protested against the license fee
of public stenographers.

No action taken on reducing the fee at this time.

A number of citizens appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the "Milk
Ordinance," that had been given a first reading at a previous meeting.

The passing of said ordinance was laid over until some future date.

The relinquishment of the rights of F.A. Allen to the waters from the City well was
presented to the Board at this time in the following form:

I,	F.A.Allen, do hereby surrender to the City of Las Vegas, all my rights under that
certain lease of waters from the well on City land, situate about three miles westerly from
the business center of the City of Las Vegas.

Dated this 23rd day of March, 1932.

F.A.Allen.

Witness,

F.A.Stevens.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the City of Las Vegas accept the relinquishment of F.A.Allen to the water from the City well
and transfer same to J.A.Williams. Papers for the transfer of same to be of no expense to the
City. Said papers to be executed by the Mayor and City Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayorvoting Aye. Noes none.

The business of appointing a deputy building inspector was next brought before
the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioners Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
C.D.Baker be appointed Deputy Building Inspector. To hold office at the pleasure of the Board,
and compensation to be equal to the amount of the Building Permits issued by said Deputy 
Building Inspector not to exceed $250.00 per month.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 30th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 30th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the
30th day of March 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration a number of gambling applications
on file with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
were granted gaming license. Applications being in regular form and money to cover same being
on file with the Clerk:

Faxon & Noon,

Mayme V. Stocker,

Joe Morgan
Apache Club
Rainbow Club,

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

W.C.German, Police Commissioners ask that the application of J.R.Boyer be laid over
a few days until an investigation had been made.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

The reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge Morse approved by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the Office of the
City Clerk.

Moneys received for the month of March as follows:

$50,158.34 Sale of Sewer Bonds.

2,643.00	Poll Tax

60.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

84.75	W.S. & L. Permits

3,028.00	Municipal Court Fines.

6,318.50 Licenses and fees.

62,292.59

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$50,158.34 Sewer Bond Fund

2,643.00	Street Fund.

60.00	Cemetery Fund

84.75	W.S. & L. Fund

4,000.	00 P and F Fund

1,000.	00 Street Fund
4,346.50 General Fund

62,292.59 Total.

A letter from the Las Vegas Police Dept, was read to the Board reporting that the
sanitary conditions of the cabins on wheel on North First St. and Bill's Cafe about the same
location was in need of attention. Mayor Cragin informed the Board that he would take the
matter up with the City Health Doctor F.R. Mildren.

Mr. Green, representing Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City of Las
Vegas on the sewer system and disposal plant appeared before the Board with the first estimate
on the contract of the Fuller Construction Co. Said claim being properly approved the Clerk
was authorized to draw a warrant on the Seer Bond Fund to cover same.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following
preamble and Resolution were duly adopted:

sewer

Whereas the consulting engineer on the Construction of the Sanitary system and
disposal has recommended to the Board the use of a certain quantity of 1-3-5 mix concrete set
up for use in the connection with the reinforcement on the main pipe where needed, and the
same is necessary to protect the pipe from crushing under excessive backfill load and further
to protect the pipe from being crushed where constructed in shallow cuts, and it is estimated
that there will be used approximately 100 cubic yards of this material, and there is not unit
price bid on this type of concrete in the existing contract with the contractor Fuller Con-
struction Company, and said contractor has agreed to furnish and place the same at a unit
price of $12.00 per cubic yard,

Now, therefore be it resolved that a memorandum be entered into between said
City, the same to be signed by the Mayor, and attested by the City Clerk, and said Fuller
Construction Company, acting by A.M. Barker, its authorized agent, to cover the furnishing
of said material for the above-named uses and purposes.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

On Motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following
gaming licenses were granted. Applications being in proper order and money to cover same be-
ing on file with the City Clerk:

Las Vegas Amusement Corporation.

Wm. Jones,

A.T. McCarter.

Las Vegas Club
Boulder Club Inc.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German a license
for one Poker table was granted to A.E.Witt, at 118 South First St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

This was a new application.

The application for J.R. Boyer still being held over.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German the follow-
ing were granted slot machine licenses. Applications being in proper form and money to cover
same being on file with the Clerk.

W.E.Ferron,

A.T.Spatz & W.A.Ferguson
Y. Ito

A.H Linenthal
G.E.Robinson

E.E Masten

	Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 8th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 8th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 8th day of April 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas, City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, and Commissioner German.

Owing to the absence of both the Mayor and Mayor pro tem Commissioner Mundy presided
as chairman at said meeting of the Board of Commissioners.

At this time the matter of reimbursing the W.S. & L. Fund for the amounts expended in
the carring on of the Sewer Bond election and miscellaneous expenditures in connection with the
starting of s id work was brought before the Board. $50,000.00 having been received from the
rale of said bonds to cover such expenses on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner
 Thomas it was moved that the sum of $3,125.00 to transferred from the Sewer Bond Fund
to the Water Sewer and Light Fund to reimburse that fund for the amounts previously expended.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and W.B. Mundy
acting mayor voting Aye. noes none.

The matter of clearing the site for the new disposal plant was next brought before
the Board. On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the Fuller Construction Company be directed to clear said site of a cost not to exceed
$300.00. To be based on cost plus 15%.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and W.B Mundy
acting Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the license granted Jack Butler on the 4th day of April be denied on the grounds that the license
had not been issued, and that said Jack Butler wished to change the location of his business.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and W.B. Mundy
acting Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
a gaming license be granted Jack Butler for 116 South First Street. Said application being
in proper form and the money to cover same accompanying said application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and W.B. Mundy
acting Mayor voting Aye. Bones none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
a number of slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money to
cover seme being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and acting Mayor W.B. Mundy
voting Aye. Nones none.

At this time the moving of the pile of armor coated stock from 15th Street was
brought before the Board. This material being in the way of the excavation for the sewer
main on 15th Street

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
the the Fuller Construction Company remove the pile of armor coat stock. Cost of the
job to be at the rate of $36.00 per day complete and said job to take from three to four
days.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and W.B.

Mundy acting Mayor voting -aye. Nones None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 13th day of April at the hour of three o'clock p.m.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German
and Mundy City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas all slot machine
licenses applied for were granted, Applications being in proper form and money to cover
same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and Mundy
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

J.H. Morgan appeared before the Board add ask that Section 12 of Ordinance No. 165
of the City of Las Vegas be amended so that owners may operate gaming houses or casinos be-
hind locked doors.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section 12 of Ordinance No. 165 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation of Slot
machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating
the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, repealing ordin-
ances Nos. 77, 82, 88, and 115, and all ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that there now exists in the City of Las Vegas an emergency in re-
gards to the sale of fire works due to the very dry climate and lack of a paid fire depart-
ment, and the Board of Commissioners deem it advisable to pass an emergency ordinance
covering the same.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes none.

There upon the following Ordinance was passed and adopted by the vote of the
entire Board of City Commissioners.

"An Ordinance to prohibit the sale or keeping for sale of fireworks in the City
of Las Vegas, and prescribing a punishment therefor."

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 186 of the City of Las Vegas and to
be in full force and effect from and after its complete publication in the Las Vegas Age
for six (6) issues, one week.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that A.R.Thompson, City Engineer, acting as engineer for the City on the new sewer system
and disposal plant now being in stall be paid $5.00 per day for his services as engineer
on the sewer system.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Commissioner Hansell voting NO. Commissioner Thomas having
been excused before the matter was brought before the Board.

At this time Mr. Bracken, Mr. Mack and Mr. Benham appeared before the Board
in regard to the raising of the main sewer from Westside to the disposal plant and the chang-
ing of the line. No action was taken upon the matter at this time, The engineers to investi-
gate the matter further and report back to the Board.

At this time the matter of securing an easement from the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company and the Union Pacific System across properties owned by said companies was
brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the City clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed
to make application on behalf of the City of Las Vegas to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company
for a perpetual easement of right of way upon a strip of land to-wit: ten feet on either
side of the center line of the main sanitary sewer leading from Washington Ave. and First
Street in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas across the land of said Company to connect with
the sewer system either on Croissant or Oak Street at State Street.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said City Clerk make application to the Los
Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company, (Union Pacific System) for a perpetual easement of
right of way for sanitary main sewer line from Washington Ave. and First Street in the Or-
iginal Townsite of Las Vegas to the easterly boundary of the right of way of said railroad;
same to be to-wit: ten feet on either side of the center line of said main sanitary sewer
as shown upon the plans and diagrams of said sewer system heretofore approved and adopted
by said Board of City Commissioners.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that if either of said companies require or desire a
survey of the proposed easement, that the City Engineer be and he is hereby authorized to make
such survey and furnish plat of said respective companies.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 18th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 18th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 18th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Commissioner Thomas absent.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
one slot machine license each be granted to Jack Weisberger, and Robert Robinson. The appli-
cations being in proper form and the amounts to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

At this time Mr. Benham appeared before the Board with the plans for the raising
of the main sanitary sewer line from the Westside to the disposal plant.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell Seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Board accept the plans of Mr. Benham for the raising of the Main D grade line from
Station 25+82 to 49+87, to met flow line of sewer at Washington and First Streets, Westside,
and to add to Main D length from old disposal plant site at Hill Street to new location
of disposal plant at Fifteenth Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none..

At this time Mr. Benham presented to the Board of Commissioners for its approval
the plans and specifications for the laterals for the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
that the plans, estimates, profiles, and specifications for the Lateral District No. 1 of
the sanitary sewer system of the City of Las Vegas, as prepared by Webster L. Benham,
Consulting Engineer for the City be approved and adopted. Also that the City at this time
should cause to be published a notice of intention calling for protest, if any, to be heard
on Tuesday the 3rd.day of May 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner s Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance, entitled, "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las
Vegas by the construction of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across the necessary streets,
avenues, alleys, easements and lots, making connection with the public sewer; describing
definitely the location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof
shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the special ass-
essment district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the General
Fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment binds for
the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto," was read for a first time and laid
over for a second reading. ,

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 25th day of April, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 25th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 25th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

	The following answering roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German

and Thomas, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

This being the time set by the Board of Commissioners for the opening of bids

and the laying of 3,350 lineal feet of cast iron pipe and a number
^^°sing received by the Clerk, at the direction of the Mayor the said bids were
ipened by the clerk.

Bids on the pipe line being received from the following:

Fuller Construction Company,

J.L. McWilliams

Desert Iron Works

Nevada Construction Company.

O.K. Plumbing Company
Bebek construction Oom^an^.
Bids on the drilling of the well being received from the following:

C.C.Brown	J.H. Miser

Lloyd Jennings	James Filby

Terry Deskin	R.A.Anderson.

It appearing to the Board of Commissioners that the bid of	McWilliams for

the laving of the pipe line being the lowest bid, for the pipe line and it being in excess
of the bid of J. H. Miser for the drilling of the well, the low bid on the drilling of the
well on motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the bid of J.H. Miser and Fred Reim his partner be accepted, and the City to enter into
a contract with them. Said contract to be signed by the Mayor, Attest by the Clerk under
the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of appointing a Fire Marshall was next brought before the Board, and
on recommendation of H. Case, Fire Chief of the City of Las Vegas, L.H. Rockwell was
appointed to that office.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 3rd day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk, City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada.

May 3rd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 3rd day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

This being the time set for the hearing of any protests or objection against the
proposed laterial improvement to the sewer system in the City of Las Vegas, and a number
of persons being present to object to the improvement the Board at this time heard their
objections. John Miller and C.D.Baker were present and voiced their objections
at this time. A written protest was presented to Board, and upon motion of Commissioner
Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the Clerk check the said protest
and report to the Board at an early date the result of the check in regard to the number
of qualified property owners signing said protest. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
all slot machine applications for licenses presented to the Board at this time be granted.
Applications being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to wire the Nevada Industrial Commission to ascertain if that Com-
mission is ready to take over about Fifty Thousand Dollars worth of the Sewerage Bonds that
said Commission was purchasing from the City of Las Vegas. (Fifty Thousand Dollars worth
of the One Hundred Twenty-eight Thousand Dollars worth purchased already having been
taken up.)

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance creating the office of Fire Marshall, defining
his powers and duties," was read for a. first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further Business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the Office of the

City Clerk.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

Moneys received for the month of April as follows:

$240.00 Sale of Cemetery Lots

53.50	Plumbing Permits.

3,378.75	Municipal Court Fines.

4,649.75	Licenses and fees.

8,322.00	Total

Moneys proportioned as follows:

240.00	Cemetery Fund

53.50	W.S. & L. Fund

1,000.00 Street Fund

3,028.50	P and F Fund.

4,000.00 General Fund.

8,322.00	Total

The Clerk at this time reported to the Board that in answer to the Wire to the
Nevada Industrial Commission that said Commission would take up fifty more of the One Thousand
Sewerage Bonds.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the Clerk was
directed to send fifty bonds to the Nevada Industrial Commission as soon as possible.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Commissioners Mundy, German and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner Thomas having been excused
Before the vote was taken.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
four slot machine licenses be granted to J.T.Watters. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance creating the office of Fire Marshall, defining
his powers and duties," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commission-
ers, Mundy, German, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 187 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in full force and effect from and after it complete publication for one week, (6 issues) in
the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of
Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Police and Fire Commissioner purchase a motorcycle to be used by the traffic office in
the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the Water Sewer and Light Commissioner purchase a Ford Coupe for the use of the Plumbing Inspector.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded By Commissioner German it was moved that
the City Street Dept. take out the curb on the west side of Second Street between Fremont
and Ogden Street at the alley return. This to be done so that the egress from the Fire Hall
might be expedited.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners, Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 9th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 9th, 1932.

Minutes a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of t he City of
Las Vegas, held on the 9th day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Minutes of the meetings of May 3rd and 5th, 1932 read and approved as read.

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to act as Finance Commissioner owing to
the absence of that officer to approve the claims of Frank Gusewelle and Miser and
Reim.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the gaming license for Jack Butker be corrected so that the same might read two poker
tables to correspond with the license issued with the state.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to take up two more of the 1931 Highway Bonds and the interest thereon
to date. Money to cover the same being applicable there to.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and
His honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Library Board be allowed to have the Library cleaned at a cost not to exceed $40.00.

Same to be paid out of the General Fund of the City.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a report was made to the Board of the check of the written protests
against the proposed sewer laterals in the city of Las Vegas. About 19% of the property
owners protesting.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the written protests against the proposed sewer laterals in the City of Las Vegas was not
sufficient to cause the Board of Commissioner to stop proceedings. The amount of protest
equaling only 19% of the property owners.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of
The City of Las Vegas, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners
Mundy and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner German
being excused before the Ordinance was read.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 188 of the City of Las Vegas, and
to be in full force and effect from and after is complete publication for one week ( six
issues) in the Las Vegas Review Journal.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 13th day of May, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of May 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Ryland G. Taylor appeared before the Board this time and petitioned said Board for
a permit for the American Legion to hold a parade on the streets of the City of Las Vegas,
Friday night, June 10th, and to display fireworks along the line of march,

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
permission be granted to the American Legion for the use of the streets for a parade and
fireworks display on the night of June 10th, 1932.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
At this time the business of having the State Highway Department to maintain the State
Highways through the City of Las Vegas was brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

Resolved that the Highway Department of the State of Nevada be required to maintain the
highways through the City of Las Vegas. Said highways being on the following streets:

Along North Main St. from the North City Limits to the junction of Main and Fremont
Street, Fremont Street from Main to Fifth Street, Fifth Street from its junction with Fre-
mont Street to the South City Limits, and Fremont from its junction with Fifth Street to the
East City Limits.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to send a copy of the above Resolution to the State Highway Dept.
in Carson City, Nevada.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following slot
machine licenses were grant. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same
being on file with the Clerk.

E.P. Bihlmaier	2 Slot machines.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A communication from Julia P. Mundy, Secretary of the Cemetery Board, asking that the
City call for bids on a well to be ,located at the cemetery, and the same to be paid for
out of the Cemetery Fund.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the City call for bids on a well to be drilled at the Cemetery. Said bids to be opened in
the office of the City Clerk Friday the 20th day of May, 1932 at the our of three o'clock
P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time Mayor Cragin appointed Mrs. C.D.Breeze to succeed herself as a member of
the City Planning Commission. Said vacancy to fall due on May 25,1932.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, proceedings were heretofore instituted in accordance with the provisions of
the Charter of the City of Las Vegas for the construction of lateral sewers in has was
designated as District No. 1, wherein and whereby notices calling for protests were duly
published and posted, setting the date of hearing on the 3rd day of May, 1932 at three
o'clock P.M. and on said last mentioned date certain protests against said proposed im-
provement were filed with this Board and the City Engineer was directed to check the same
to ascertain whether such protests were sufficient in amount and number to restrain
further procedure under said plan of improvement and

Whereas, on this 13th day of May, 1932, said City Engineer has reported to this
Board and this Board has found and determined that such protests were not sufficient in
amount or number to restrain further proceedings under said plan of improvement and that,
unless other action should be taken by this Board said improvement should be ordered, and

Whereas, it appears to this Board that the district embraced in said proposed plan
of improvement, as aforesaid, contains a great many unimproved lots and parcels of land
which have steadily decreased in value to such an extent that it appears to this Board that
many people whose property would be assessed thereunder would either fail, neglect or
refuse, as a business proposition to pay such assessments or any part thereof, or should
such assessments go to bond that the low value of said lots and parcels of land and the
steadily decline in the value thereof would tend to make the bonds unsaleable in view of
the present and long continued depression of the municipal bond market and the specific ex-
perience had by this Board in being able to secure a bidder upon the bonds issued to
provide funds for the construction of the main sewers, of which said laterals would connect
except as a last resort securing the Public Service Commissioner of the State of Nevada to
take up said bonds in connection with the construction of said main sewer system,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that it is sense of this Board that it would be 
contrary to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas and to the property owners affected
thereby to proceed at this time with said proposed improvement embracing such large per-
centage of low priced lots and parcels of land, notwithstanding the failure of a suff-
icient amount of protests being filed against said improvement, that the said im-
provement in the form already proceeded with be and the same is hereby abandoned and all
action theretofore taken under said proceedings be and the same is hereby rescinded.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the installing of sewer laterals
in a smaller area of the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
the the plans, estimates, plats and diagrams of Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer
for the City of Las Vegas be accepted, and that notices of intention for said improve-
ment be posted and published calling for protest hearing on the 31st day of May, 1932
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

"An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by the con-
struction of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across the necessary streets, avenues,
alleys, easements and lots, making connection with the public sewer; describing definitely
the location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expenses thereof shall be
paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the special assessment
district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the General
Fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds
for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto," was read for a first time and
laid over for a second reading.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 20th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 20th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 20th day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Commissioners Mundy and German, His Honor the
Mayor E.W.cragin, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

This being the time set for the opening of bids on a well to be drilled at the Cem-
etery and a number of bids being on file with the Clerk, said bids were ordered open, by the
Mayor.

Bids being received from the following: Terry Diskin, A.E.Clark, L.B. Jennings,

J.H. Miser, and James L. Filby.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy That the bid of
L.B. Jennings be accepted. It being the lowest bid, and that the City of Las Vegas enter
into a contract with said L.B. Jennings for the drilling of a well at the Cemetery. Said
contract to be signed by the Mayor, and Attest by the Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of installing door in the front of the Fire Station was next brought be-
fore the Board, and upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioners German it
was moved that the Police and Fire Commissioner have a suitable door installed at the Fire
Station.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 27th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 27th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 27th day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and German.

At this time a number of restaurant owners were present and petitioned the Board
of Commissioners to pass an ordinance governing sanation in cafes and restaurants, thereupon
the following Ordinances were read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas governing sanitation of all restaurants,
eating houses, lunch counters, soda fountains, bakeries, or any building, shed or room wherein
food, food-stuffs, or any article to be used for human consumption is manufactured, prepared,
cooked, stored, sold or offered for sale."

"An Ordinance regulating restaurants, lunch counters, cafes, cafeterias, soda fount-
ains, fruit stands, vehicles, popcorn, peanut, and food vending stands or stations and other
places in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clerk, State of Nevada, where food is prepared for
sale, sold, distributed, or displayed for sale, and providing for the regulation of all persons
handling food stuffs."

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 61st day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 31st, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 31st day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas
and Mundy, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

This being the time set for the consideration of protests and any suggestions or
objections that might be made by the parties interested with respect to the proposed improve-
ment in the construction of sanitary lateral sewer lines etc. under notice directed to be
posted and published by order of this Board made and entered in the minutes of this Board on
the 13th day of May, 1932, the Board thereupon proceeded to hear such suggestions and object-
ions and to consider the written protests filed, and thereupon on motion of Commissioner Hansell
seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following preambles and resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas it appears to this Board that due notice has been given according to law of
the consideration of protests and suggestions or objections that might be made by the parties
interested with respect to the proposed improvement in the construction of sanitary lateral
sewer lines etc; and

Whereas, it appears, after due consideration that sufficient protests in writing
against such proposed improvement have not been filed and the time for filing additional
protests in writing therefor has expired,

Now Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the work in connection with said proposed im-
provement be and the same is hereby ordered, and such steps as are required by law to pro-
ceed with the same be taken by this Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it
was moved and carried that the Board of Commissioners advertise the above mention work for
bid. Said bids to be opened in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City of Las Vegas on
Thursday the 16th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Commissioner German arriving late.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved and
carried that Mayor E.W.Cragin be granted a thirty (30) day leave of absence.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
voting Aye. Noes none. Mayor Cragin not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
tie City Engineer A.R. Thompson be directed to prepare a grade map of Grand View Addition to
the City of Las Vegas and present same to the Board of Commissioners for its approval.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time D.G. Lorenzi appeared before the Board petitioning the Board to
pass an ordinance licensing amusement concessions at a fixed place of business in the City
of Las Vegas. After due consideration on the matter on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded
by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that an ordinance licensing the above mentioned amusements
be placed at $150.00 per calendar quarter.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. noes none.

At this time Commissioner Hansell brought before the Board of commissioners the
matter of the construction of a pump house at the disposal plant.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that the Fuller Construction Company be directed to construct a pump house for a sum not to
exceed $169.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioners German and Thomas being exoused before
the vote was taken.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of June 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, W.C.German, Mayor Pro Tem, Commissioners
Mundy and Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Hansell.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk Approved by the Mayor Pro Tem.

Monies received for the month of May as follows:

$51,076.92 Sale of Sewer Bonds to the Nevada Industrial Commission.

95.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

91.50	Plumbing Permits.

858.00	Poll Tax

8903.30	Assessments collected on Fremont St. improvements.

2475.00	Police Court Fines.

1350.15 Licenses and fees.

64849.87	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$50,000.00 Sewer Bond Fund.

1,076.92	"	" Inst. Fund.

91.50	Water Sewer & Light Fund.

95.00	Cemetery Fund.

858.00	Street Fund.

___8,903.30 B.D. Highway Bond Fund.

3,825.15 General Fund.

64.849/87 Total.

$3,000.00 Transferred from the General Fund to the Street Fund.

$5,000.00 Transferred from the General Fund to the Police and Fire Fund.

Ryland Taylor appeared before the Board at this time and ask the City to give the
sum of $75.00 from the Publicity Fund for the purchase of street decorations to be used dur-
ing the American Legion Convention, and at the close of the convention the decorations
should become the property of the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the sum of $75.00 be taken from the Publicity Fund to purchase street decorations, same to
be the property of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. noes none.

A vacancy occurring on the Board of Examiners of the Electricians of the City of
Las Vegas the name of L.E.Beedy, a journeyman electrician , was recommended to the Board to
fill said vacancy.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas L.E.Beedy was
appointed a member of the Board of Examiners for Electricians, in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and Mayor Pro
tem German voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 8th day of June, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 8th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 8th day of June 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: W.C.German, Mayor Pro Tem, Commissioners
Mundy and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Thomas.

Mr. Owen appeared before the Board at this time and ask that the Board of Com-
missioners consider the changing of the names of the following streets in Grand View Addition
of the City of Las Vegas to conform with the established streets in the City as follows:

State Street to Ninth Street.

Clark Street to Tenth Street
La Salle Street to Eleventh Street
Hill Street to Twelfth Street.

No action was taken at this time.
A written application from the Fuller Construction Company for a ninety day extension of
time on the work now under construction in the City of Las Vegas by the said company was
presented to the Board for its consideration at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that the
Fuller Construction Company be given a ninety day extension of time subject to the approval
of the Union Indemnity Company, surety for the construction company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and Mayor Pro tem
W.C.German voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the loth day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 16th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of June 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners, Mundy,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

This being the time set for the opening of bids on the Sewer Laterals District No.l
and a number of bids being received the Clerk at the direction of the Mayor Pro Tem proceed-
ed to open the same.

Bids received as follows:

Fuller Construction Company	$77,257.27

Kemper Construction Company 86,961.14
J.C. Hickey	97,010.20

Bebek & Brikieh	105,516.25

On motion of Commissioner Hansell	Seconded by Commissioner Thomas the Clerk was

directed to return the certified checks accompanying all bids except the the certified check
of the Fuller Construction Company. Said company having the low bid, Check of the Fuller Con-
struction Company to be held until the return of Mayor Cragin at which time Board of Com-
missioners will consider the signing of a contract.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and
Mayor Pro Tem W.C.German voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board considered the construction of a suitable road to lead to
the disposal plant now under construction. On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Com-
missioner Thomas it was moved that J.P. King, Supt. of Streets, construct a suitable street
from Fremont Street on 14th Street to the Disposal Plant.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and
Mayor Pro Tem W.C.German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell Seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that Keno Games in operation in the City of Las Vegas operate under the policy now in
effect until the end of the second quarter June 30th, 1932.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, Thomas, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, W.C.German voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 23rd day of June 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 23rd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 23rd day of June 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem W.C.German, Commissioners
Mundy, Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.
On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that R.W.Thomas, Finance Commissioner, be granted a thirty day leave of absence, from July
4th to August 4th, 1932.

Vote on the above motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and
the Mayor Pro Tem voting Aye. noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section LXXX111 of Ordinance No. 170
of the City of Las Vegas," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

At this time the Board took up the matter of installing a pump at the disposal plant.
No action was taken at this time awaiting the installation of the power lines before a
demonstration could be made.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 30th day of June 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

June 30th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 30th day of June, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

D.G. Lorenzi, owner of Lorenxi Lake Park, appeared before the Board at this time
and petitioned the Board of Commissioners for permission to hold a fireworks display at
Lorenzi Lake Park the night of July 4th, 1932.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded bp Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
permission be granted Mr. Lorenzi to hold said fireworks display on the night of July 4th
1932.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the granting of gaming licenses
and slot machine licenses for the third quarter.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following slot machine and gaming licenses for the third quarter be granted. Applications
being in proper form and monies to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

L.L. Arnett and John Graglia 10 Slot machine licenses. (These licenses being for
the second quarter, Found without licenses when a check was make by Frank Jones License Insp.)
Mayme V. Stocker,	1 Stud Poker Table.

L.V. Amusement Corp. 1 Roulette Wheel
Wm. Jones	1 Stud Poker Table

H.E.Faxon & E. Noon 1 Stud Poker Table.

J.H. Morgan	1 Crap Game

A.T.Mc Carter	L slot machine, 1 stud and 1 Draw Poker Table, 1 crap game

1 Twenty-one Game.

Boulder Club Inc. 5 Slot Machines, 1 Pan 1 Stud Poker, 1 6 Wheel, 1 Roulette

Wheel, 1 Twenty-one Game, 1 Crap Table.

Apache Club,	1 Roulette Wheel, 1 Twenty-one game, 1 Crap Table.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. A.T.Gilmore appeared before the Board at this time and stated that the game
"Keno," would be played in the Las Vegas Club, of which he is a part owner, as it is meant to be
played according to law.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following licenses be granted to the las Vegas Club. Applications for same being in proper
form and monies to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

4 Slot machines

1 each Stud Poker and Fan.

1 each Keno, Carp Table, Faro, Roulette, and Twenty-one.

	Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell

and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of the Rainbow Club was laid over for further consideration as the
method of the playing of Keno was not described.

The matter of having a survey made of the property owners to be assessed in
connection with the sewer lateral improvement now under consideration by the Board of Com-
missioner was next brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner German, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas is was moved
and carried that Walter Thiess be hired to make said survey, said survey to take about five
days, compensation for same to be at the rate of $5.00 per day.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by
the construction of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across the necessary streets, avenues
alleys, easements and lots, making connection with the public sewer; describing definitely the
location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid en-
tirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the special assessment district,
hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the General Fund of said City of
Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for the payment thereof and
other matters relating there to," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance empowering, authorizing an d directing the ex-
officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a
special assessment to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas,
by the construction of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across certain streets, avenues,
alleys, easements, and lots, and making connections with the public sewer, according to the
plats, diagrams and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts
of said assessments, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according to
benefits; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for the payment thereof, and
other matters relating thereto," was read for a first time and laid over for the second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of July, 1932.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Money collected for the month of June as follows:

$27,233.94 Second half taxes

1,596.00	Poll Tax

450.00	Sale Cemetery Lots

67.00	Plumbing Permits.

6,216.52 Licenses, Fees.

______2,368.00	Municipal Court Fines

37,931.46	Total.

Money proportioned as follows:

$27,233.74	Sundry	funds	as per budget.

1,596.00	Street	Fund

67.00	W.S. &	L. Fund

450.00	Cemetery Fund

4,584.72	P and F Fund

4,000.00	General Fund

37,931.46	Total.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was moved and
carried that the following gaming and slot machine licenses be granted:

Jack Butler and Marsh 1 stud poker license and 2 crap tables.

E.B.Guffey 2 Slot machines
Geo. Robinson & Jack Weisberger 1 Slot machine

H.	Jefferies 		1 slot machine
T.L. McCarty 		1  "    " 

W.E. Ferron	 	13 "	    "

A.T.Spatz & W.A. Ferguson 2 slot machines

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of Rainbow Club, through, Geo. L. Dugan , agent
made and filed with the City Clerk on the 27th day of June, 1932, wherein it is recited that
Mrs. Thomas Rowan, and place of business in located at Nos. 127-129 South First Street in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and covers the following gaming licenses for the quarter year
beginning July 1, 1932 and ending Sept. 30, 1932, to-wit:

2 stud poker games
1 Twenty-one game
1 Roulette wheel
1 Keno Game
1 crap game

be and the same is hereby granted under the express condition, however, that said Keno game
shall be played only in the manner as 90 Ball Keno is known to the gambling profession and as
defined in the decisions of the courts.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution, certified by the Clerk, under
the seal of said City be transmitted with said license as granted to the grantee or licensee,
and that the acceptance of such license shall be considered an acceptance of the above
specific condition.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Attorney Alward appeared before the Board representing a number of service station
owners protesting the changing of the City ordinances in regard to the operation of curb
pumps. No action was taken on the matter at this time.

Mayor Cragin appointed the following committee to investigate the condition of water
lines on some of the streets now being improved with the sewer mains; J.P. King, R.H. Elser,
W.J. Rhodes, and R.L.Taylor. Said committee to report to the Board at once their decision.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 7th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 7th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 7th day of July 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and
Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and German.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

The following report was presented to the Board of Commissioners.

To the Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners:

Gentlemen:

Pursuant to your Resolution of July 5th, 1932, instructing us to inspect certain
water pipe lines, we, the undersigned have made and inspection of certain pipe lines located
in the alley between 6th and 7th Streets and Clark and Bonneville Streets.

We found this said pipe line to be old and leaking badly. It doesn't appear
to have been damaged by the sewer construction, as there has been no blasting near said pipe
line.

Respectfully submitted,

R.L. Taylor.

P.M. Green

J.P. King.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Tuesday the 12th day of July 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK? CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JULY 12th, 1932

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas held on the 12th day of July 1932, at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy,
German, Hansell and City Attorney and Deputy Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and City Clerk.

At this time Attorney Ragsdale appeared before the Board representing a
number of garage and service station owners who protested against the City ordinance concern-
ing the operation of Curb pumps. No action was taken by the Board at this time.

A communication received by Attorney Stevens containing information regarding
the Wagner Bill was read at this time but no action taken.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
t at the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form
and money to cover same being on file with the City Clerk:

Arnett and Graglia	23 Slot Machines

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	26 Slot Machines

T. J. Settle	4 Slot Machines

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting was recess-
ed until the 19th day of July, 1932 at the hour of 3 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 19th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 19th day of July, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present; Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German.
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money to
cover same being on file with the Clerk:

E.P. Bihlmaier	43 Slot Machine Licenses.

J. Warren Woodard	3	"	"	"

J. Michael	1	"	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 21st day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 21st, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 21st day of July, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Thomas, German,
Mundy and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

	The application of Frank Bambino for the operation of 1 Stud Poker Table at the

Midget Club, 110 So. 1st was presented to the Board for its consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
this license be granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner German arriving after the vote was taken.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed by the Mayor to act as Police and Fire Commissioner
owning to the absence of that Commissioner and to approve bills of that department.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
Fuller Construction Co. install the electrical wiring at the pump house at the site of the new
disposal plant. Said pump house having been constructed by the Fuller Construction Co.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.
At this time A.R. Thompson, City Engineer appeared before the Board with a plat of the
change ask in the site for the sewer mains across the U.P. rightway and the Park site in the
City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that the
above mentioned change be made if the same was satisfactory with the Fuller Construction Com-
pany and the Union Indemnity Co. surety for the Fuller Construction Company. Approval of both
the Fuller Construction Company and the Union Indemnity Company to be in writing.	

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance to Amend Section 111 of Ordinance No. 168 of said City, entitled, "An
Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establishing a residence district, indust-
rial and commercial districts within the said City of Las Vegas; defining such districts;
declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain factories, works, or
establishments within said residence districts and said commercial districts; regulating the
the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain works or establishments 
in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said Ordinance, and repealing
Ordinances in conflict therewith," approved April 22, 1931, was read for a first and second
time and passed by the following vote as an emergency ordinance, Commissioners German, Hansell,
Thomas, Mundy, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 189 of the City of Las Vegas and to be in
full force and effect from and afters it complete publication, one week, (six issues) in the
Las Vegas, Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in Las Vegas, Nevada.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section LXXX111 of Ordinance No. 170
of the City of Las Vegas," was read for a second time, and passed and adopted by the following
vote: Commissioners German, Mundy, Thomas, Hansell His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye.
Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 190 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in full force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week (six issues)
in Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 28th fay of July 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 28th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 28th day of July 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
C.J. Mackey be granted three slot machine licenses.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to act as Finance Commissioner
owing to the absence of Commissioner Thomas and approve the bills as brought before the Board
for payment.

Mr. J.M. Heaton appeared before the Board at this time and ask the Commissioners
for the sum of $200.00 to be used for advertising over Station KGIK. No action was taken upon
the matter at this time.

A.C. Grant appeared before the Board at this time and ask permission to erect a sign
between the curb and sidewalk at Third and Fremont Sts. Permission was denied as all signs
were prohibited under ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the plumbing inspector be put on a salary bases of $175.00 per month, and to take charge of all
plumbing inspections and the care of the disposal plant. Fees received from plumbing permits
to be placed in the Water Sewer and Light Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none. (Commissioner Thomas arrived late.)

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to refund $3.00, the amount received from Thomas O'Mara for a City mercantile
license that was never used as parties had been called from the city before opening up their
store.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and His Honor the
mayor voting aye. noes none. Commissioner Thomas and Hansell leaving before the vote was called.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell, City attorney and Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk, and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of July as follows:

$4,350.58 Licenses and fees.

190.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

49.50	W.S. & L. Permits.

1,664.50	Municipal Court Fines.

6,254.58 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$4,000.00 P and F Fund
2,015.08 General

190.00	Cemetery
49.50 W.S. & L. Fund
6,254.58

At this time the Commission took up the matter of providing a dump ground for the City,
and after due consideration and investigation the following Resolution was adopted.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas the Resolution was
duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the City purchase from A.W. Ham the following described real estate,
situate in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, as and for a site for City dumping ground and
other purposes, to-wit:

The Southwest Quarter (SW ) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section one (1), Township
twenty-one (21) South, Range sixty-one (61) East Mount Diablo Base and Merdian,

for the sum of Eighteen Hundred Dollars, payable $900.00 cash down, and the balance in equal
monthly installments of $100.00, each the first installment being payable on the 5th day of
September, 1932, and a like equal installment to be payable on the 5th day of each and every
month thereafter until the full balance is due; seller to furnish a title insurance in the sum
of $1800.00 guaranteeing the property to be free from lien, cloud, encumbrance or material
defect, except as to mineral rights reserved in the original patent from the State of Nevada,
and except as to the State and County taxes for the year 1932, which latter the first parties,
sellers, shall pay and discharge promptly when due and payable and not to allow the same to be or
become delinquent; that the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized on behalf of the City to
enter into a written contract on behalf of the City with said sellers, and that an escrow be
formed to hold said deed and policy of title insurance, and that form of contract be as shall be
prescribed by the City Attorney.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 11th day of August 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 5th, 1932.

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING.

Las Vegas, Nevada, Aug. 4th, 1932.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Hall in the City of Las Vegas on Friday
the 5th day of August, 1932 at the hour of 10:30 O'clock A.M. to take action with respect to
matters relating to the police department of said City. You will give notice in accordance
herewith.

E.W.Cragin

Mayor
Las Vegas, Nevada, Aug. 4, 1932.

To- Mayor E.W. Cragin, and Commissioners L.B. Hansell, R.W. Thomas, W.C. German, and

W.B. Mundy.

Pursuant to a call this day issues by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas you will please
take notice that a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will
be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Hall in the City of Las Vegas on Friday the
5th day of August, 1932 at 10:30 o'clock A.M. to consider and act upon matters relating to the
police department of said City. You will govern your selves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

We hereby acknowledge receipt of the foregoing notice this 4th day of August, 1932.

E.W. Cragin	W.B. Mundy_____

Mayor.

L.B. Hansell

______W.C. German

______R.W. Thomas_____

Commissioners.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German,
and Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Commissioner W.B. Mundy at this time ask for a fifteen day leave of absence same
to be in effect from August 14th to 28th, inclusive.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the leave ask for be granted.

Commissioners Thomas and German and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Commissioner
Mundy not voting. Noes none.

At this time Mayor Cragin stated to the Board of Commissioners that he wished to
re-instate Clay H. Williams as Chief of Police for the City of Las Vegas.

Clay H. Williams was then re-instated as Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas.

At this time the resignation of Clay H. Williams as Chief of Police of the City of
Las Vegas was presented to the Board for its consideration. Same to be effective August 31st, 1932.

The Members of the Commission then entered into a discussion as to the best means for
providing for the appointing of a new chief of police and considered a number of names that had
been presented to the Board for its approval. No decision was reached on the matter at this
time and the meeting recessed until Monday the 8th day of August 1932, at the hour of 10:30 A.M.

Monday August 8th, 1932, 10:30 A.M.

The following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

The Board at once entered into a discussion on the matter of providing a Chief of
Police for the City of Las Vegas. After a lengthy discussion on the matter the meeting adjourned
with not definite action being taken on the matter.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST llth; 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 11th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

A number of applications for slot machine licenses were presented to the Board for
its approval.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following licenses for slot machines be granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

J.T. Watters	12 Slot machine licenses.

Bert Smith	1	"	"										       "

Bob Robinson	1	"	"	       "

The Vegas Sweet Shoppe 3	"	"	    "

Dave Stearns	4	"	"	  "

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
Mr. A.C. Grant, appeared before the Board of Commissioners at this time on behalf of the
Chamber of Commerce of the City of Las Vegas. He explained to the Board that the City of Las Vegas
would be able to participate in the advertising of the All Year Club of California for the year
1935 if sufficient funds could be raised, and petitioned the Board of Commissioners at this
time to donate the sum of §300.00 for this purpose.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved seconded and
carried that the sum of $300.00 be donated from the Publicity Fund of the City of Las Vegas to
the Chamber of Commerce to be used for advertising purposes in the "All Year Club" of California.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City Las Vegas to amend, revise add re-
enact Section 1 of Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump Ground, and regulating the removal and disposal of
rubbish, etc.' " was read for the first time and laid over for a second reading.

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 10a as created by Ordinance No. 184 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance No. 48 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas licensing for the purpose of
regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried
on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of
license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punish-
ment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordin-
ances Nos. 1,2,4, 13, 14, and 35, as amended by Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 81 of said City, by
herein amending certain subdivisions thereof and by adding and by adding certain other sub-
divisions and to amend said ordinance No. 48 by adding two new sections to be known as Sections
Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in con-
flict therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
18th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 18th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German and Thomas,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Mundy and Hansell.

Upon motion of Commissioners German seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that the sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) be and the same is hereby
appropriated to the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas for use in investigations to be
made by said Department , and that a warrant for said amount be drawn in favor of Lewis Hord,
Acting Chief of Police to be used for said purposes. Accounting therefor to be made on
order of this Board.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of the releasing of the bond of the Glens Falls Indemnity Company, surety
for the Nevada Gas Company, Ltd. was next brought before the Board for consideration.

Mr. J.P. King, Supt. of Streets for the City of Las Vegas informed the Board that the
said Nevada Gas Company, Ltd. had fulfilled all the requirements of said bond, there upon on
motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was,

Resolved, that the bond of $2,000.00 of the Glens Falls Indemnity Co. indemnity on
the excavations of the Nevada Gas Company, Ltd; be and the same is hereby released as the said
Nevada Gas Company have fulfilled the terms of its contract which said bond covered.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 25th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 25th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hansell and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Mundy.

At this time a petition was presented to the Board of Commissioners from R.A.Story and
his wife petitioning the Board to grant them permission to operate a store on the Northeast cor
corner of 7th and Bridger in the residential district.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the petition be handed A.R.Thompson for checking to verify the signatures and the footage
represented.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by Mayor Cragin to approve a few bills presented to
the Board for payment, as Finance Commissioner owning to the absence of that Commissioner.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Fuller Construction Company erect a building 10X18 at the disposal plant for the caretaker,
that said building contain three windows and a door and correspond in type with the other
buildings at the disposal plant.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the Mayor E.W.Cragin follow up the investigation of the newly installed disposal plant and
sewer mains.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner German and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
two claim of Archie Mellott for $54.00 and $36.00 respectively be allowed and that two warrants
for same be drawn. One for $41.86 in favor of the Las Vegas Credit Bureau to cover judgement
of said company and the other for $48.14 the balance due the said Archie Mellott.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Attorney McNamee appeared before the Board of Commissioners at this time and petition-
ed the Board to vacate certain streets in the City of Las Vegas in the Tankel North Addition.

WHEREAS, an application having heretofore been filed in writing by the owners of the
land contained in the plat hereinafter described to be vacated and by the owner of all of the

land contiguous or adjacent to any street or alley in such plat to vacate which application was made, re-
questing that the portion of the plat hereinafter described be vacated, which application is
on file and of record in the Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, and which petition is hereby referred to and by reference made a part hereof, and the
Beard of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, having duly considered
the same, and

WHEREAS? after due consideration the Board is satisfied that neither the public
nor any person will be materially injured by vacating said portion of said Plat, upon motion
by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, it is hereby

ORDERED, that that portion of the Plat of the Tankel's North Addition to the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, which Plat is recorded in Book 1, of Plats, at Page 94,

Clark County, Nevada, Records, described as follows; to-wit:

The whole of said plat except:

1.	The	portion	thereof	designated	as	Croissant Street.

2.	The	portion	thereof	designated	as	Oak Street.

3.	The	portion	thereof	designated	as	DeVere Ave.

4.	The	portion	thereof	designated	as	Euclid Ave;	and

5.	That portion thereof located West of the Easterly side line of 13th Street.

be and the same is hereby vacated, as prayed for in the petition or application filed herein
as aforesaid.

A vote upon said motion having been duly taken, which resulted in Commissioners
German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor, E.W.Cragin voting "Aye", and "Nos" none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 31st day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 31st, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
vegas held on the 31st day of August 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas
Deputy City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner German and City Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Hansell the Deputy Clerk was
instructed to wire the Secretary of the Nevada Industrial Commission to determine if they would
accept $16,000 additional Las Vegas Sewer Bonds at the same rate of interest as previous bonds.

Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell a permit was granted

D.	G. Lorenzi to shoot fireworks from the Island of Lorenzi Lake Resort on the evening of Labor
Day, September 5th, 1932.

Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following licenses for slot machines be granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover same being on file with tie Clerk.

L. L. Arnett and John Graglia	2 Slot Machines

Vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that the Resignation of Clay H. Williams, Chief of Police, presented August 4,

1932 be and is hereby accepted. Said resignation to take effect immediately.

Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 5th day of September, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 1ST 1932

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada. Sept. 1, 1932

To Viola Burns, City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be
held at the Board Room of said Board on Thursday the first day of September, 1932 at the hour of 1:15
P. M. of said day, to consider and act upon calling for bids upon sixteen or more of Las Vegas
Sewer Bonds, and matters in connection therewith. You will give notice accordingly.

E.	W. Cragin
Mayor
Las Vegas, Nevada. Sept. 1, 1932.

To E. W. Cargin, Mayor, and to Commissioners R. W. Thomas, L. B. Hansell, W. C. German and

W. B. Mundy.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas will be held at the Board Room of Said Board on Thursday the first day of September, 1952
at the hour of 1:15 o'clock P. M. of said day, to consider and acting upon calling for bids upon s
sixteen or more of Las Vegas Sewer Bonds, and matters in connection therewith. You will govern
yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Clerk

By Mary Taylor

Deputy City Clerk

We, the undersigned, being the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting on this 1st day of September
1952

E. W. Cragin	 W.	B.	Mundy

Mayor

W.C. German

L. B. Hansell

R.W. Thomas

Commissioners

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor E. W. Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Hansell and Thomas and Deputy City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent City Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the City of Las Vegas advertise for sale 16 (sixteen) bonds of the Las Vegas Sewerage Bond
issue. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell, Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Notice to bond bidders being in the following form;

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will
receive bids until three o'clock P. M. on the 29th day of September, 1932, for the purchase
of sixteen bonds of Las Vegas Sewerage Bond issue. Said bonds will bear interest at a rate
not exceeding seven per centum per annum, payable semi-annually, and will bear date the first
day of July, 1931. Said bonds are a portion of an entire issue consisting of One Hundred
Sixty (160) bonds in the denomination of Ore Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, which
mature $8000.00 on the first day of July in each of the years 1933 to 1932 inclusive. The
bonds now proposed to be issued ill commence with bond No. 1 and run consecutively thereafter
up to bond No. 16 inclusive, the first maturity of eight bonds to mature on the first day of July
1934.

Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accompanied by
a deposit of five per dent, either cash or certified check payable to the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted;
and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds with-
in thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of his or its deposit
will be	forfeited to	said City	of Las Vegas, and in that	event the bid of the one making the

next best bid for the	same amount of bonds. If there be two or more equal bids for the same amount

of bonds and such bids are the best received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said
board of commissioners will determine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,

1931 issue," and addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bids will be opened by s id Board of Commissioners on the 29th day of September, 1932, at the
hour of	three o'clock	P. M. at	the regular meeting place	of said Board in the Commissioners

Room in	the office of	the City	Clerk in said	City Of Las	Vegas. Bidders shall submit a bid

specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par, at which such bidder will
purchase the specified number of bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will
purchase the specified number of said bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the bidder making
the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all bids and re-
advertise. None of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued interest, and no discount
or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this first day of September, 1932.

Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada

By E. W. Cragin_______________________

Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk

By Mary Taylor_________

Deputy

(City Seal)

No farther business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 5th, 1932

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

held on the 5th day of September, 1932.

Mayor pro tem W. C. German,

The following answered roll call: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas, City
Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent: Mayor Cragin and City Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy permission was granted Mrs.
Elizabeth M. Hilke to erect and operate a light lunch building located on the Northwest corner
of Bridger and South Seventh Sts. Said application being on file in the office of the City Clerk
with the required number of property owners signing same and signers checked and found correct
by Building Inspector. Vote being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Mayor pro tem
W. C. German voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Thomas being excused before the voting on
above motion.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Thursday
the 8th day of September. 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 8th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the board of commissioners of the city of Las Vegas
held on the 8th day of September, 1932.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell, German and
City Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent: Commissioner Thomas and Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German the petition of Mrs. Edith
Story to erect and operate a store building on lots 6 and 7, Block 7 of Wardie Addition to be used
for Confectionery and light Lunches was granted. Said petition being on file in the office of the
City Clerk with the required number of property owners signing same and signers checked and found
correct by Building Inspector. This petition being necessary to erect a commercial building in
the residential district. Vote on petition being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a report from the Fire Marshall was read concerning the fire hazard in the rear of
the White Spot Cafe and the Awnings over the Ullom Hardware, Metro Store, and the Cutrate Market No. 2
on Fremont St. This matter was referred to the City Engineer, and City Attorney.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend, revise and re-enact
Section 1 of Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump Ground, and re-
gulating the removal and disposal of rubbish, etc." was read for a second time and passed by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Mundy, German Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said	Ordinance to be	known as Ordinance	No. 191 of the	City of Las Vegas, and to be	in full

force and	effect from and	after its complete	publication for	one	week (six issues)	in Las	Vegas Age

a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 10a as created by
Ordinance No. 184 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance
No. 48 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing for the
purpose of regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or
carried on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of
license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punishment for
carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1,2,4,13,

14, and 35,' as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 48 by adding two new sections to be known as
Sections Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in con-
flict therewith:" was read for a second time, and passed and adopted by the following vote:
Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 192 of the City of Las Vegas, and 	to be in full

force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week (six issues in The	 Las

Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.
The following letter pas presented to the board by Dr. Roy W. Martin:

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 8th, 1932

Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:

I am planning, together with my associates, an extensive development program with
a considerable acreage south of the City of Las Vegas. As a part of this program I have
made application for a water franchise to supply this development, and have also applied
for the necessary permits from Clark County.

It has occurred to me, that although this territory is outside the city limits
of Las Vegas, it would be helpful to secure from the City Commissioners an expression
of approval of the development, and I therefore ask that a favorable endorsement be
given this request.

Respectfully yours,

(SGD) Dr. Roy W. Martin.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German the Board did approve
the development as outlined in the above letter and ordered such approval incorporated
into the minutes of the meeting. Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners Mundy,
German, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner german it was moved
that the Fuller Construction Company make a wet connection for turning sewage in the
new mains for the sole purpose of testing the Sewage Disposal Plant and that such use
of the mains shall not be deemed an acceptance of Main Sewers and Disposal Plant
and that this order stall in no wise change or effect terms and conditions existing
with the Fuller Construction Company. Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners
Mundy, German, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then
recessed untill the 9th day of September, 1932.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF IAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 9TH, 1932

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 9th day of September, 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Mundy,

Hansell and City Attorney and Deputy Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and City Clerk.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Saturday the 10th day of September at the hour of 11 A. M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 10th, 1932

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 10th day of September 1932 at the hour of 11 o'clock A. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Mundy,

Hansell and City Attorney and Deputy Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and Clerk.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
15th day of September, 1952 at the hour of 10:30 A. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board Of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 13th day of September 1932 at the hour of 10:30 A.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor pro tem, W.C. German, Commissioners Thomas,
Mundy and Hansell.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

At this time the Board of Commissioners entered into an informal discussion of the
acceptance of the sewer system and disposal plant constructed by the Fuller Consturctin Co.

No action was taken at this time as Mayor Craign was unable to be present at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
the hour of 7:30 P.M. this date.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of September 1932 at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell and City Attorney and Clerk.

The final estimate on the contract of Fuller Construction Company on construction of
sanitary main sewers and disposal plant was presented to the Board and request made for final
payment.

The Board required that Fuller Construction Company furnish to the Board satisfactory
evidence showing that all materials, labor, machine hire, and so forth had been paid for
both by the Fuller Construction Company and subcontractors under it.

Thereupon Fuller Construction Company presented and filed with the Board the
affidavit of A.J. Reinhart, its representative, showing all such bills having been paid, and
also presented receipted vouchers for nearly all of said claims, and check stubs for various
minor claims evidence of remittance of the amounts thereof to various creditors.

Said Fuller Construction Company also filed the affidavit of L.J.Watson and Wayne D.
Baldwin, represented by it to be the only subcontractors, which affidavit showed payment by
such subcontractors of all bills for labor and materials incurred by them under such sub-
contracts.

There was also filed with the Board a maintenance bond as required by the contract
between the City of Las Vegas, and said Fuller Construction Company.

There was ales filed an order of said Fuller construction Company on said Board
dated September 10th, 1932 in favor of Pacific Clay Products, directing the payment direct to
the said Pacific Clay Products of the sum of $14,423.02 as balance due in full to said Pacific
Clay Products for materials furnished the contractor on said job.
There was also called to the attention of the Board the fact that an attachment had
heretofore been served on the City Clerk, and City Treasurer, in a suit by Fannie Ryan versus
the Fuller Construction Company, pending in the district court of the Eighth Judicial District
 of the State of Nevada, in and for the County of Clark, wherein $2,700.00 in damages
was claimed against the said Fuller Construction Company, and it was represented to the Board
by A.W. Ham, attorney for said Fuller Construction Company, that a cashier's check for $3000.
had heretofore been deposited with the Sheriff of Clark County, and made in favor of the
Fuller Construction Company, drawn by First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc; as indemnity
against any liability of the City under such attachment, but Mr. Ham did not know whether an
indorsement of suck Cashier's check had been made by said Fuller Construction Company.

Webster L. Benham, consulting engineer, and Mr. P.M. Green resident engineer under said
Consulting Engineer represented to the Board that the contract of said Fuller Construction
Company had been fully performed and that all bills for labor, materials, machine hire had to
the best of their knowledge been paid and discharged, and that the similar debts of subcon-
tractors had been paid and that the cleaning and leveling of streets and alleys had been made
by said contractor.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the
following Resolution was adopted:

Resolved, that the main sanitary sewer system and disposal plant, constructed by
Fuller Construction Company, be and the same is hereby accepted, and that a warrant be drawn
in favor of said Fuller Construction Company for the amount mentioned in the final estimate,
$18,569.16, less the amounts directed to be paid direct to any other creditor including the
$14,423.02 directed to be paid Pacific Clay Products, but that such payment be made subject
first to the investigation as to whether the City was protected in the matter of the attach-
ment in suit of Fannie Ryan versus the Fuller Construction Company above mentioned.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye.

The matter of the final payment due the Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Benham, on
contract as engineer of the sewer system and disposal plant just completed was next brought
before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the final payment to Webster L. Benham in the sum of $l2,45.75 be approved and the Clerk
directed to draw a warrant for the said amount.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. Benham then presented to the Board a claim for $600.00 to pay for costs of
permanent records of the plans of the sewer mains just installed. After some discussion on the
matter on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
City pay Mr. Benham the sum of $600.00 for the permanent records for the City, and that Mr.
Benham agree in writing to furnish permanent records of the laterals under consideration if
same are constructed under his supervision, with out additional cost to the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Commissioners Mundy and German voting no.

The above mentioned permanent records being on file With the City Clerk at all times.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 22nd day of September, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 22nd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 22nd day of September 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and Thomas,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and German.

Harold Goumond appeared before the Board of Commissioners asking the Board for its per-
mission to erect a grandstand on the Court House Lawns.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Board of Commissioners approve the erection of a band stand by the Las Vegas City Band on
the Court House Lawn subjest to the approval of the Board of County Commissioners. Site to
be selected by a member from each Board.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mr. Goumond also appealed to the Board for financial aid for the Las Vegas City Bank,
to help cover costs of uniforms, music and material for band stand.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Com-
missioner Thomas it was moved that the City donate the sum of $50.00 from the Publicity Fund
toward the purchase of material for the band stand if the erection of a band stand in the
Court House yard meets with the approval of the Board of County Commissioners.

Vote on aid motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Mundy and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of restaurant owners in the City appeared before the Board
and ask that an ordinance governing sanitation in restaurants, cafes, lunch counter etc.
be read for a second time and passed. This ordinance having had a first reading some time
ago. After some discussion on the matter it was decided to wire the City of Reno and ask
for a copy of their ordinance covering sanitation in food emporiums.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until the 26th day of September at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 26th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of tbs City
of Las Vegas, held on the 26th day of September, 1932, at the hour of three o'clock F.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

A number of restaurant owners appeared before the Board in regard to the passage
of a sanitation ordinance governing restaurants, cafes and other places where food is
sold. The Reno ordinance was read and considered. No definite action was reached at this
time and the passage of the ordinance laid over to some future date.

The Board then entered into a discussion on the appointing of a Chief of Police
for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that Percy Nash be appointed Chief of Police for the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and His Honor
the Mayor voting no. Commissioners Hansell and Thomas voting yes.

No further action on the matter was taken at this meeting.

Minutes of a number of previous meetings were read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 29th day of September, 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 29th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 29th day of September 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor, E.W.Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell City Clerk and City Attorney.

Carl Ray appeared before the Board at this time asking for permission to connect with
the sewer main on Gass St. between 4th and 5th Sts. No action was taken on this matter until
investigated by the City Attorney.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the first sixteen sewer bonds of the
1932 issue and a bid being received by the Board of Commissioners from the First State Bank the
Clerk was directed to open the same. Bid being as follows:

For all or any part of these bonds, bearing Six Percent per annum, par and accrued interested
 date of delivery, subject to the approval of validity by its attorney.

This bid was laid over for further consideration.

	Bi-monthly salary bills allowed at this time.

The matter of the City helping with the care of the needy through the winter months was
considered by the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
City serve meals to persons recommended by the Red Cross as being worthy of receiving aid, to
the extent of $50.00 per months. These meals to be served at the City Stockade from food pre-
pared there.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
gaming licenses applied for by E. Noon and the Boulder Club Inc. be granted. Applications
being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
At this time the Board considered the matter of adopting the revised budget as prepared
by Alfred Blackman.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
Budget for the year 1932 be adopted in the following form:

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION

PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1932		

Estimated Receipts and expenditures of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the year Ending

December 31, 1932 as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, Statues of Nevada 1923.

*Indicate totals for all bonds.
ASSESSED VALUATION.

Cash on Hand January 1, 193	$45,351.81

Balance due from Second Half Taxes, 193	39,023.23

The above isa true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the current years as required by Section 9,

Chapter 42, Laws of Nevada, 1923,

Attest:

Viola Burns	Signed E.W.Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor.

Dated Sept. 29th, 1932.

(City Seal)

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and Hansell and
His honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

The Clerk was directed to deliver a copy of the Budget to the Board of County Commissioners
of Clark County, to have budget published once a week for two consecutive weeks in a newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and to send a copy of said budget to the
Nevada State Board of Finance in Carson City, Nevada.

The matter of the tax levy was brought before the Board of Commissioners for consideration,
and upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolutions
were duly adopted and unanimously carried:

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.171 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property
as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.216 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable pro-
perty situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to known as and used as the General Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.591 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected and
paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Street Fund.
Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.115 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property as
is	exempt from taxation,	said tax to	be	known as and	used	as The Water Sewer end Light	Fund.

Resolved, that an	ad valorem	tax	of $.021	on	each	one	hundred dollars worth	of	taxable

property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property as
is	exempt from taxation,	said tax to	be	known as	and	used	as	the Library Fund.

Resolved, that an	ad valorem	tax	of $.072	on	each	one	hundred dollars worth	of	taxable

property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, col-
lected and paid for the year 1932, including net proceeds from mines, except such pro-
perty as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Bond Interest Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.099 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be know as and used as the Bond Redemption Fund,

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.035 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied collected
and paid for the year 1932, including the net proceeds from mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

Vote on the above Resolutions was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German,
and Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

City Clerk

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the W.S. & L. Com-
missioner owing to the absence of that officer.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money for the month of Sept. Received as follows:

$7,716.50 Licenses Fines and Fees.

279.00	Poll Tax

68.00	W.S. & L. Permits

____95.00 Sale of cemetery lots.

8,158.50	Total

Money proportioned as follows:

$5,000.00 P and F Fund.

2,716.50	General Fund.

279.00	Street Fund.

95.00 Cemetery Fund
_____________68.00 W.S & L. Fund

8,158.50

former

Mrs. Pinkston appeared before the Board and ask that Henry Blacknall, colored officer for
the City of Las Vegas, be reinstated on the police force in the northern part of the City.

No action was taken on the matter at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by commissioners gaming licenses were granted to
the following, Las Vegas, Club, Northern Club, Joe Morgan, A.T. Mc Carter, Rainbow Club,

Jack Butler Wm, Jones, applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on
file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas all slot machine licenses
presented to the Board for its approval were granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
bid of the First State Bank for the purchase of sewer bonds be accepted, and that the City sell 
State Bank bonds nos. 7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16 inclusive at 6% interest, par and accrued
said First interest as per bid of said First State Bank of Sept. 29th, 1932.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a
gaming license for one Roulette Wheel be granted to the Las Vegas Amusement Corporation.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Mr. Reese, representing the Southern Nevada Marketing Association appeared before the
Board in regard to securing a permit to operate a slaughter house in the City limits of the
City of Las Vegas.

After due consideration on the matter on motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy permission was granted the Southern Nevada Marketing Association to erect and
maintain a slaughter house in the City of Las Vegas on the following described property, to-wit:
Northwest corner of the Southeast quarter of the Southwest quarter district 33, Township
20 8. 61 East

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor

the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Dr. F.R. Mildren attended this part of the meeting as City Health Officer.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 6th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 6th, 1932.

SPECIAL MEETING.

To- Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

I, E.W. Cragin, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, hereby call a special meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board room of said Board on
Thursday the 6th day of October, 1932 at the hour of 10:15 o'clock A.M. of said date in the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, to consider and act upon the appointment of a Chief of Police of the City
of Las Vegas and other matters on connection therewith, and to consider and act upon such other
business as may properly come before the meeting for consideration.

Dated at Las Vegas Nevada this 5th day of October, 1932.

E.W. Cragin

Mayor.

To W.C. German, R.W. Thomas, L.B. Hansell, and W.B, Mundy, City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, and to E.W. Cragin, Mayor of said City:

You and each of you will please take notice that the Mayor of said City has issued a call
for a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City, to be held at the Board Room
of said Board in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Thursday, the 6th
day of October, 1932 at the hour of 10:15 o'clock A.M. to consider and act upon the appointing
of a Chief of Police of said City and other matters in connection therewith, and to consider
and act upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting for consideration.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 6th day of October, 1932.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

We the undersigned, being Commissioners and Mayor respectively of the City of Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, do hereby acknowledge due service of the above
and foregoing notice, and we do hereby further certify that at the date of said call and of
said Notice that above named L.B. Hansell, Commissioner of said City was absent from said City
and from the State of Nevada, and his whereabouts out of said State could not be conveniently
ascertained so that notice could be given him of said meeting.

Dated this 6th day of October, 1932.

E.W.Cragin Mayor	W.B. Mundy

R.W.Thomas
W.C.German
City Commissioners.

Roll call showed the following present at special meeting of October 6th, 1932 at
the hour of 10:15 A.M. Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas, City Attorney and
Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Commissioner German, Police and Fire Commissioner recommended O.C. Boggs for the
office of Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas.
then

It was On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy moved and carried that
O.C.Boggs be appointed Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, to qualify by taking the of offic-
ial oath of office and filing a surety company bond in the sum of $2,000.00 with the Clerk

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 6th, 1932

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 6th day of October 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

At this time a number of property owners appeared before the Board of Commissioners
and protested the action of the Board in granting the Southern Nevada Marketing Association
permission to erect and maintain a slaughter house on the Westside in the Industrial District.

Work on the construction of said building was ordered stopped until further investi-
gation.

Carl Ray appeared before the Board asking for permission to tie into the sewer main
on Gass St. After some discussion on the matter and upon the advice of the City Attorney on
motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved to grant Carl Ray
permission to construct a lateral sewer across lots 1,2,3, and 4 and a protion of Gass St.
and to connect with the sewer main in said Gass St. Agreement to be entered into in writing
and signed by Carl Ray and the Mayor on behalf of the City of Las Vegas and attest by the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
A.J. McMichael be granted a slot machine license. Application being in proper form and money to
cover sane being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 10th day of October 1932 at the our of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Clark County, Nevada,

October 7th, 1932.

SPECIAL MEETING

To- Viola Burns,

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board room of said Board on the Court House Square in said City
of Las Vegas, on Fri. the 7th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider
and act upon the appointment of a Municipal Judge for said City, and other matters in connection
therewith, and to consider and act upon such other matters as may properly be considered at said
meeting. You will give notice in accordance herewith.

E.W.Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Las Vegas Nevada, October 7th, 1932.

To- R.W.Thomas, W.C.German, W.B. Mundy, L.B. Hansell, Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas and to E.W.Cragin, Mayor thereof:

You and each of you will please take notice, that, pursuant to a call therefor this day
by the Mayor of said City, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City
will be held in the Board Room of said Board on the Court House Square in said City of Las
Vegas on the 7th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon
the appointment of a Municipal Judge for said City, and other matters in connection therewith,
and to consider and act upon such other matters as may properly be considered at said meeting.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.
We, the undersigned Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the above and foregoing Notice of Special meeting, and hereby certify that it was im-
possible to make service of the same upon Commissioner L.B. Hansell for the reason that
he was at the date of said notice and ever since has been absent from the State of Nevada
and his whereabouts not easily or readily obtainable.

Dated this 7th day of October, 1932.

E.W. Cragin	R.W. Thomas

Mayor	W.B. Mundy

W.C. German

City Commissioners.

Roll call at said special meeting showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Com-
missioners German, Mundy and Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

It was called to the attention of the Board at this time that W.G. Morse, Municipal
Judge of the City of Las Vegas had passed away this morning, and on motion of Commissioner
German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED, Whereas, we, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, having received notice of the death this 7th day of October
1932 of W.G. Morse, for several years last past Municipal Judge of this
City, and for at least twenty years a valued and honored citizen of this
community, and

Whereas, his record as such Municipal Judge has been characterized by
wisdom, fair dealing and unquestionable honesty, and his judicial acts
tempered at all times with mercy, in such manner that the best interests
of the City and the ends of Justice have at all times been duly served
and the cause of the unfortunates with whom he had to deal, treated with
due and charitable consideration,

NOW THEREFORE, on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, its officials and
citizens we hereby express the great sorrow that is felt at the loss
of this valued officer and citizen, and also express heartfelt sympathy
towards his relatives and friends in their bereavement.

Let this Resolution be entered upon the minutes of this Board and the

records of the City, and copies thereof transmitted to his near relatives.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to order flowers sent in the name of the City of Las Vegas
to the funeral.

The matter of appointing a municipal judge for the City of Las Vegas was next brought
before the Board for consideration.

After due consideration on the matter Frank McNamee Jr. was upon mot ion
of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy appointed Municipal Judge for the City
of Las Vegas, to hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners, and to qualify by
taking the official oath of office and filing a surety company bond in the sum of Two Thous-
and Dollars.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
OCTOBER 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy and Thomas, W.C. German,

Mayor Pro Tem, City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Hansell.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that all
slot machine application presented to the Board at this time be granted. Applications being in
proper form and money to cover same being on file with the clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy end Thomas, and Mayor Pro tem
German voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to write W.R. Bracken, of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company
and inform him that the City had placed a man at the site of the old dump ground for two weeks
directing people to the site of the new dump ground recently purchased by the City and the
State could prosecute any one found using the old dump ground since the new one has been pro-
vided. The Clerk was also directed to call Mr. Bracken's attention to the condition of the side-
walk at the north side of the Las Vegas Land & Water Co. Rooming house at Second & Lewis Sts.
The applications of E. Hicks and J.D. Smith for permission to tie into the sewer mains
in their respective alleys was presented to the Board at this time and laid over for further
consideration.

Mr. King, Supt. of Streets for the City of Las Vegas presented to the Board an estimate
of cost for repairing Fremont St. from Main to Third Street on both sides of the street. The
City to purchase the materials and the labor to be paid from the Reconstruction Finance Corp-
oration.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that Mr.
King be instructed to start the above mentioned work at an early date, and the labor to be
paid by the Reconstruction Finance Corporation.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas, and Mayor Pro Tem
German voting aye. nones none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved to trans-
fer $500.00 from the Library saving account to the Library checking fund to cover purchases
made for new books.

Vote on the above motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of having the Clerk's office cleaned was next brought before the Board. Mr.
King reported that Dave Davidson would patch all plaster and fill all cracks and clean walls
for $14.00.	

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved and
carried that the City Clerk's office be cleaned by Dave Davidson at a cost of $14.00.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye.
Noes none.

At this time a number of citizens protesting the erection of a slaughter house on the
Westside in the Industrial District appeared before the Board. Also The owners of the proposed
slaughter house and their Attorney Guy E. Baker. Dr. Mildren, City Health Officer attended this
meeting and he with the Board of Commissioners forms the Health Board. After some discussion on
the matter on both sides the Board of Commissioners with Dr. Mildren visited the site of the
proposed slaughter house and investigated the methods of operating the same. After their return
to the office it was upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy moved
that the Southern Nevada Marketing Association proceed with the construction of the building
being erected for a slaughter house and that permission was hereby granted for the operation
of the same when completed.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and Mayor Pro Tem
German voting aye. Noes none.

Attention was called at this time to the number of places of business in the City of
Las Vegas using radios and victrolas or other loud methods of advertising a place of bus-
iness.

The City Attorney was instructed to investigate the possibility of passing an ordin-
ance eliminating such means of advertising.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 19th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
October 19th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 19th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and Mayor Cragin.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
hour of 7:30 o'clock P.M. this date.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 19th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of October 1932 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell.

C.C. Underhill and A.L. Brackett appeared before the Board at this time protesting
the license fee on their respective businesses. They were informed that the licenses for the
fourth quarter would be as provided by Ordinance No. 184 of the City of Las Vegas, but that
the Board of Commissioners were contemplating a change in some fees to be in effect about the
first of the year.

Mr. Dinsmore appeared before the Board with Mr. Nash in regard to the passage of
a milk ordinance that had been considered some time before. No action was taken on the matter
at this time.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the bond of O.C. Boggs, Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas be accepted and approved
by the mayor. Said bond is from the Columbis Casuality Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting soliciting for sexual intercourse,
occupying or renting rooms in any rooming house, hotel or other place in the City of Las
Vegas for the purpose of sexual intercourse with a person to whom he or she is not married,
and to require all keepers of hotels or lodging houses to keep a register of all persons
occupying rooms in such hotel or lodging house, was read for a first time and laid over
for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 26th day of October 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 26th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 26th day of October 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and
German, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion in regard to the using of the
sewer mains as laterials where same might be used for laterals. No action was taken on the
natter at this time but the City Attorney was directed to draw up the necessary papers and ordinances
.

The next business brought before the Board for consideration was the construction
of a drainage system west of the Union Pacific R.R. tracks.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
A.R. Thompson, Engineer for the City be directed to investigate the cost of same and make borings
as to the depths of the water and report back to the Board in the near future.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
all slot machine applications presented to the Board at this time be granted. Applications being
in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye, Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting the use or occupation of the
public streets or places in the City of Las Vegas for advertising purposes, " was read for a
first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Monday the 31st day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 31st, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 31st day of October 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and
Hansell and City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time the Board again considered the granting of permission to property owners
to tie into the sewer mains and use same as laterals. After some discussion on the matter
an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance establishing regulations for connection with sewer mains
in Sanitary Lateral Sewer District No. 1 in the City of Las Vegas, establishing a sinking fund
and providing for the disposal of such fund, providing a penalty for the violation of this
Ordinance, and repealing pro tanto all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith;

was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the bid of the Fuller Construction Company in the sum of $77,257,27 of June loth, 1932 be
rejected and that the local representative be notified to that effect. Said bid of the Fuller
Construction Company being one of several received on the above mentioned date, and all bids
being rejected on that date except the bid of the Fuller Construction Co. The reason for the
rejection of the said bid of the Fuller Construction Co. being that the City of Las Vegas is
unable at this time to sell the special assessment bonds necessary for the payment of the
said improvement, owing to the very low condition of the bond market at the present time.

The Clerk be directed to also notify the Union Indemnity Company that it is released from
further surety on the bid bond of the Fuller Construction Company executed on the 29th day of
July, 1932 in the sum of $6,000.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then ad-
journed.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of November, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, W.C. German, Mayor pro tem, Commissioners Mundy
and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Thomas.

Commissioner Hansell appointed by Mayor pro tem German to approve the bills of the
Finance Commissioner R.W. Thomas owing to the absence of that Commissioner.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the bill of the Las Vegas Hospital Association be denied in its entirety.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and Mayor Pro
tem, German voting aye. Noes none.

L.T. Dawson, manager of the Desert Chevrolet Company appeared before the Board in
regard to the repair bill on the police car damaged by the Fuller Construction Company.

No action was taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 8th day of November, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 8th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of November 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of October as follows:

$2,332.00 Municipal Court Fines

4,032.30	Licenses, fees.

56.50	Plumbing Permits

100.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

101.00	Extra work on streets.

6,621.80	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$4,000.00 P and F

2,364.30	General

100.00	Cemetery

101.00	Street
____________56.50 W.S. & L. Fund.

6,621.80

John Miller appeared before the Board at this time and ask for permission to have the
curb lines on Fremont Street in front of the Sal Sagev and Overland Hotels brought in about
two and one half feet so that Fremont Street at that point might be widened about five feet.
Permission was denied said John Miller on the grounds that the Board did not favor widening any
of Fremont Street until the full length of the street could be widened.

	On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following slot machine licenses

were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the
Clerk, John Bush one slot machine and E.P. Bihlmaier two slot machines.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
ap plication of Mr. Hunter for the operation of a crap table at 107 South First Street be denied.
Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting loud and unusual noises or the use or
occupation of the public streets or places in the City of Las Vegas for advertising purposes," was
read for a second time and passed by the following vote; Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas His
Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to known as Ordinance No. 193 of the City of Las Vegas and to be in
full force and effect from end after its complete publication in the Las Vegas Age for one week
(six issues).

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting soliciting for sexual inter-
course, occupying or renting rooms in any rooming house, hotel or other place in the City of Las
Vegas for the purpose of sexual intercourse with a person to whom he or she is not married, and
to require all keepers of hotels or lodging hous.es to keep a register of all persons occupying
rooms in such hotel or lodging house," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote;
Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 194 of the City of Las Vegas and to be
in full force and effect from and after is final and complete publication in the Las Vegas Age,
a daily newspaper printed and published at Las Vegas, for one week, (six issues)

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 23rd day of November, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

NOVEMBER 23, 1932.

	Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 23rd day of November 1932 at the hour or three o'clock P.M.

Roll called showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Ger-
man, City Attorney and Clerk/

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time L.H. Reece appeared before the Board of Commissioners in regard to the revocation
of a permit granted the Southern Nevada Market Association for the operation of a slaughter
to be operated on the Ullom property on the Westside of the City of Las Vegas and ask that the
permit be granted to operate the same on a site on the Russell property.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
Board revoke the permit granted to the Southern Nevada Market Association for the operation of
a slaughter house on the Ullom property on the Westside of the City of Las Vegas and that permit
be granted the Southern Nevada Market Association to operate a slaughter house on the following
described property situate on what is known as the Russell Ranch.:

Commencing at a point on the north boundary of the S.E. ¼ of Section 29, T.P. 20 S. Rg.61
E: M.D.M. forom which the ¼ Sec. Cor. between Sections 28 and 29 T. 20 S.R. 61 E. Bears
S.88 27' E. 57' Ft. Dist; running Thence parallel to the East Boundary of said Section,

29, S. 0 25' E. 1320.	7 Ft. to a point on the North Boundary of the right of way of

Clark Avenue, prolonged; thence along the North Boundary of Clark Ave. right of way N.88
44' W. 330 ft.: Thence parallel to the east boundary of said Sec. 29 N. 0 25' W. 1342.3 ft.
to a point on the North boundary of the S.E. ¼ of the said Sec. 29 thence along the North
boundary of the S.E. ¼ of said Sec. 29, S. 88 27' E. 33 ft. to the place of the beginning.
Vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Dr. Mildren, City Health was in attendance at the meeting and sanctioned the action of the
Board of Commissioners in the granting of the above permit.

	

A letter from the Clark County Archaeological Society was read to the Board at this time asking
for some financial support from the City of Las Vegas in the furthering of the work of that
Society,

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
City give the sum of One Hundred Dollars from the Publicity Fund to the Clark County Archaeologi-
cal Society for the carring on of the work of that society.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that the City of Las Vegas pay the balance due the Von Tobel Lumber Company on materials used in
the band stand erected on the Court House grounds amounting to $62.05, and also pay the Nevada
Electric Company the amount due them for materials amounting to $28.98 used for wiring the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 2nd day of December, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 2nd. 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 2nd day
of December 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners,	German,

and Thomas, City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Mundy.

Bimonthly salary claims approved.

Mr. O.A. Kimball appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the re-surveying
of Block 9 in Fairview Addition to the City of Las Vegas.

City Attorney Stevens was directed to look into the legislative acts governing the
same and to report back to the Board at an early date.

John Miller appeared before the Board with a petition signed by a number of property
owner of property in Block 3, Clark's Las Vegas townsite, petitioning the Board of Commissioners to

have the alley in said Black payed the same to paid by special assessment against the property
owners.

A.R. Thompson, City Engineer and F.W. Stevens were directed to have prepared an esti-
mate of the cost of said improvement, and plans, notices of intention so that the same may be
considered at a meeting to be held in the near future.

Mr. Miller also called the attention of the Board to the fact the the Sal Sagev
Hotel was in need of two loading zones, one on the Fremont Street side and one on the Main St.
side of said hotel.

The City Clerk was directed to write Mr. W.B. Mundy, Commissioner of Streets and
Public places and ask that arrangements be made with J.F. King, Supt. of Streets to have the
same set aside as loading zones, and the proper signs placed.

No further business being before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 5th, 1932.

Minutes of a	regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas held on the 5th day of December 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell, and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City

Clerk.

Monies received for the month of November as follows;

$10,000.00 Sale Sewer Bonds

103.33 Inst. "	"

540.00	Poll Tax

130.00	Sale Cemetery Lots

69.50	Plumbing Permits

2,990.60	Fines and permits, Licenses.

$12,833.43

Monies Proportioned as follows:

$10,000.00	Sewer Bond Fund.

2,990.60	P and F Fund.

540.00	Street Fund

130.00	Cemetery Fund

69.50	W.S. & L.

____103.33	Sewer Bond Inst. Fund.

	$13,833.43



No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 19th day of December, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

DECEMBER 19th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 19th day of December, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas, City
Clerk and acting City Attorney.

Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner German.

The contractors for the Federal Building now under construction in the City of Las Vegas
appeared before the Board of Commissioners and petitioned that body for permission to tie into
the sewer main on Stewart Street in front of the said building.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the contractors for the Federal Building be granted permission to tie into the sewer main on
Stewart Street in front of the said building and that the work must be done by a licensed plumb-
er of the City of Las Vegas, and that no fee be demanded of the Federal government for tieing
into the said sewer main or for inspections or fixtures fees.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that one slot machine license be granted to Robert Robinson. Application being in proper form
and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell voting
aye. Noes none.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 22nd day of December, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Clark County, Nevada.

December 22nd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 22nd day of December 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Thomas
add Hansell, City Clerk and acting City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner German.

Mr. C.D.Baker appeared before the Board at this time and ask if the City would	give

some	aid in the providing of fuel for	the needy	at this time.

After some discussion on the matter on	motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by

Commissioner Thomas it was moved that J.P. King	Supt. of Streets	direct the cutting and

hailing of wood to the City Stockade where the City saw would be used in the cutting of the
wood into stove lengths to be turned over to the Red Cross as a clearing house.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
ten slot machine licenses be granted to J.T.Watters for the fourth quarter, 1932. Applications
being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the passage of a suitable Resolution on the demise of City attorney
F. A. Stevens was brought before the Board and the following was enacted, on motion of 
Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas,

WHEREAS, on the 6th day of December, 1932, City Attorney F.A. Stevens departed
this life, and

Whereas, the said F.A. Stevens, as City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, was and has
been a loyal, faithful, conscientious and learned advisor of the City for a period of over
twenty years, and

Whereas, in the death of F.A. Stevens, the City of Las Vegas has suffered a great
loss, and the County of Clark and the State of Nevada, a worthy and valuable citizen,

NOW THEREFORE

On motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, the following Resolution was
duly adopted:

Resolved, that the City of Las Vegas, by and throught its Mayor and Board
of City Commissioners, deeply feels the loss sustained, and extends to the
widow and daughter of F.A. Stevens its deepest expression of condolence and
sympathy in their bereavement, and bespeaks the individual sorrow of the
Mayor and each member of the Board of City Commissioners and the officers of
said City with whom the said F.A. Stevens labored.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the
minutes of the Board of City Commissioners, and a copy be forwarded to the
widow and daughter of the deceased.

Vote oh the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. noes none.

At this time the appointing of a City attorney was considered by the Board of
City Commissioners, and the name of A.S. Henderson was placed before the Board for consider-
ation by Commissioner Thomas. Mr. Henderson having been acting City Attorney for the City of
Las Vegas since December 8th, 1932 on appointment made by the Mayor, E.W. Cragin.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Mundy A.S. Henderson was
appointed City Attorney for the City of Las Vegas, same to be effective as of Jan. 1st, 1933,
to hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners and to qualify by taking the
official oath of office and filing a bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars with the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 4th day of January 1933 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk, also Alfred Blackman, Auditor.

At this time the Board entered	into	a	discussion	of	ways	and	means	to	finance	the City

of Las Vegas for the present year. After	some	discussion	on	the	matter	it	was	decided	by	the

members of the Board present to reduce expenses in all departments to the lowest possible figure.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resolu-
tion was introduced a d passed:

Resolved, that the following schedule for salaries for the following officers be in
effect from and after Jan. 1st, 1933 until the further order of the Board of Commissioners:

J.M. Ullom, City Treasurer	$50.00 Per month

F.C. DeVinney City Assessor	$50.00	"	"

A.S. Henderson City Attorney	$200.00	"	"

and the salary of Viola Burns, City Clerk be reduced 10% per month placing said salary at $180.00
per month upon said City Clerk, volunteering and offering to take such reduction in salary, same
to be in effect until the City is financially able to warrant the salary being returned to $200.00
per month.

Vote on the Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to notify the above officers in writing of the changes in effect.

0 motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Mayor Cragin the following R solution
was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that commencing with the 1st day of January, 1933 that the salary payroll
of the Police and Street Departments be reduced 10% or more. This reduction to be made on the
pay roll in its entirety.

Vote on the Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of January 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy , German,
Thomas and City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the clerk.

Money received for the month of December as follows:

$270.00 Sale Cemetery Lots

24.50	Plumbing permits

711.00	Poll Tax

1,506.50	Municipal Court Fines

4,520.80	Licenses and fees

7,032.80	Total

Monies Proportioned as follows:

$6,027.30 General Fund.

711.00	Street Fund_

24.50	W.S. & L. Fund

270.00	Cemetery Fund.

7,032.80	Total.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that all slot machine and gaming applications presented to the Board for consideration
be granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover same Being on file with the
City Clerk.	

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M
On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German, it was ,

Resolved, that the salary of R.H. Elser, City Plumbing Inspector, for the City of Las
Vegas be reduced to $125.00 per month, and that he take charge of the City disposal plant, and
that the assistant at the plant be discharged at once, and that the said R.H. Elser use one
Model A Ford Coupe belonging to the City, and that suitable living quarters be provided at the
disposal plant, for said caretaker. Same to be effective as of January 1st, 1933.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German it was,

Resolved, That A.R. Thompson, be appointed City Engineer, and Ex Officio City Building
and Plumbing Inspector for the City of Las Vegas, and to have charge of all sewers in said City
at a salary of $150.00 per month, and all fees as such inspectors to be turned into the General
Fund of the City, and the above sum to include office rent. To hold office at the pleasure of
the Board of Commissioners. Same to be effective as of January 1st, 1933.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.	

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was,

Resolved, that Lloyd S. Payne, City Electrical Inspector, remain as such City Electrical
Inspector, and radio interference man, and the salary to remain as before, but that he assume
the care of maintenance of all street lights in the City of Las Vegas, and also be custodian
of all street lighting equipment, without additional compensation. Same to be effective as of
January 1st, 1933.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas, it was

Resolved, that L.B. Hansell turn over to the City Clerk one Model V8 FordCoupe, same
having been purchased by the Water, Sewer and Light Department. Said coupe to be used jointly
by the Electrical Inspector, Lloyds S. Payne, and A.R. Thompson, City Engineer, and Ex-Officio
City Plumbing and Building Inspector.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

The City Clerk was directed to write to the Southern Nevada Power Company and ask
said company what would be the lowest possible flat rate they would make the City of Las
Vegas on the electricity used by the City and also as to lower phone rates. The Clerk was
also directed to write to all the above mentioned parties and advise them of the changes
made by the Board of Commissioners.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to transfer $1,342.13 from the Publicity Fund to the Street Fund, and to
transfer $825.90 from the Sewer Bond Fund to the General Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 12th day of January 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 12th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 12th day of January 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas City attorney and City Clerk.

At this time Ed. W. Clark and S.J. Lawson of the South Nevada Power and Telephone Com-
panies appeared before the Board and stated that the City was receiving the lowest possible
rate on lights and phones that the companies could make them at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that all slot machine applications brought before the Board for approval be granted. Appli-
cations being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of Cap Orr for permission to operate two card games at 107 So. 1st St
was next brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the application be denied and that the City Clerk return to said Cap Orr the money covering
the games applied for. The grounds on which the licenses were denied being that there is
sufficient gaming houses in the block Where the said Cap Orr wished to operate.

Vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
This being the time set	for the opening of	bids on lamps	for	the City Street

lighting system and a number of	bids being received	the Clerk	was directed to open said

bids. As all bids received were the same in price and discount on motion of Commissioner
Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved and carried that the bid of the
Westinghouse Electric Co. be accepted and that the City Clerk and Mayor enter into a
one year contract with the said	company. The lamps	to be sold	to	the	City direct from	a

Westinghouse dealer in the City	of Las Vegas to be	designated	by	the	office of the

Westinghouse Company

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of appointing a Deputy City Attorney to act for City Attorney Hen-
derson while absent from the City was next brought before the Board. On recommendation
of City Attorney Henderson, on motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner
Mundy it was moved and carried that George E. Marshall be appointed Deputy City Attorney,
to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing with the City a bond in the
sum of One Thousand Dollars. To Hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners
and to receive no compensation from the City for services rendered.	

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thursday the 26th day of January 1933 at the hour of three o'clock EM

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

JANUARY 26th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 26th day of January 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas,
and Hansell, Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that all slot machine applications on file with the Clerk be granted. Applications being in
proper form and money to cover same being on file with the clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German.it was moved and
carried that a gaming license be granted to the Northern Club, Mayme V. Stocker being the
sole owner.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the enlarging of the house at the disposal plant was brought before the
Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German
it was moved and carried that the house for the living quarters for the care taker at the
disposal plant be enlarged and the material for same not to exceed $200.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time A.R. Thompson, Plumbing Inspector for the City of Las Vegas called the
attention of the Board to the fact that a number of hotels, and garages were allowing large
quantities of oil to run into	the sewer lines and into the disposal plant. On	motion	of

Commissioner Hansell seconded	by Commissioner German it was	moved and carried	that Mr.	Thompson

be instructed to write to the	various places of business in	the City that are	allowing	oil

to run into the sewer and see	that same is taken care of in	some other manner.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes hone.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of February 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Mundy and Thomas
Act ng City Attorney Geo. Marshall and City Clerk. Absent Commissioner Hansell.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed to approve the Bills of the W.S. & L. Department owing
to the absence of that Commissioner.

Reports of the City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of January 1933 as follows:

$47,623.09 First half of 1932 taxes.

215.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

1,902.00	Municipal Court Fines

5.536.94	L censes, fees and penalties
$55,277.03 Total

Monies proportioned as follows:

$47,623.09 Taxes proportioned as per budget

215.00	Cemetery Fund.

5,000.00	P and F Fund

2.438.94	General Fund.

 $55,277.03 Total

Mr. C.C. Boyer, Division Supt. of Highways, State of Nevada appeared before the Board
at this time in regard to the encroachments on the Highways in the City of Las Vegas. After
some discussion on the matter the following Resolutions were introduced and passed.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Preambles
and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, The Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of constructing a
portion of State Highway Route No. 101A within the City of Las Vegas from the south line of Fremont
Street extending along Fifth Street to the South Line of Garces Street, and

WHEREAS, The Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of receiving Federal
Aid for the improvement of said highway, and

WHEREAS, the Bureau of Public Roads of the Department of Agriculture of the United
States of America will not participate in the construction of said highway until and unless the
City of Las Vegas will agree to refrain from permitting encroachments upon the right of way of said
above mentioned street,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, By the City Council of the City of Las Vegas that for and in-
consideration of the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, the Bureau of Public Roads, Depart-
ment of Agriculture, constructing said highway, it hereby agrees with the said Department of
Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public Roads, Department of Agriculture, that it
will not, in the future, permit encroachments on the right of way of said above mentioned street.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Preambles
and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, The Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of constructing a
portion of State Highway Route No. 87A within the City of Las Vegas, from the north line of
Fremont Street extending along Main Street to the North line of Main Street, and Stewart Street, and
WHEREAS, the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of receiving Federal
Aid for the improvement of said highway, and

WHEREAS, the Bureau of Public Roads, of the Department of Agriculture of the United
State of America will not participate in the construction of said Highway until and unless the
City of Las Vegas will agree to refrain from permitting encroachments upon right of way of said
above mentioned street,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, By the City Council of the City of Las Vegas that for and
in consideration of the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public Roads,
Department of Agriculture, constructing said highway, it hereby agrees with the said Department of
Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public Roads, Department of Agriculture, that it
will not, in the future, permit encroachments on the right of way of way of said above mentioned
street.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German, it was moved and
carried that the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, be given permission to use the sewer
main at Fifth and Bonneville Sts. as a drain until such time as the City finds that there is an
excessive amount of water being drained into said sewer main. All joints of said drain draining
into said manhole on Bonneville Street just of Fifth Street must be tight.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
the the City Clerk be directed to return to Montgomery Ward and Co. Three Dollars paid for
a City license for the quarter year 1.1.33 to 3/31/33 as the store had been closed before the
check left the Chicago Office.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to refund $10.00 on the license for the Nifty Cleaners as they
conduct the dry cleaning part of the business outside the City limits.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye.

At this time the Board took under discussion the telegram received from Senator Henderson
in regard to a conference on the City matters to be held in Carson City.

0 motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that The Mayor end as many of the Commissioners as could find it possible to attend the con-
ference in Carson City to do so. The trip to be at the expense of the individual making the
trip/

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Mundy and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 13th day of February, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 13th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of February 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and Thomas
and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell and Acting City Attorney Marshall.

Bimonthly salary bills approved.

A.R. Thompson, City Plumbing Inspector reported to the Board that there was a supply of
fertilizer on hand at the Disposal Plant at this time. The price for same was set at 75¢
per hundred pounds or $10.00 per ton.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that one slot machine license be granted to Jack Weisberger. Application being in
proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to issue two (2) exempt dog tags to R. Ward, for two dogs to
be used as watch gogs at the Stockade.

The matter of building walls at the curb lines on various streets in the City was
next brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that persons be permitted to to construct walls on the following streets, to-wit:

Bridger from Third to Fourth Streets

Carson from Third to Fifth Streets

Fourth Street from Carson to Lewis Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A.R. Thompson as City Engineer brought before the Board at this time the matter
of having our representatives in the Assembly and Senate introduce a bill reducing the gas
tax in the various counties in the State of Nevada.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, That the Clark County delegation in both the Assembly and the Senate,
now in session in Carson City, promote the passage of an act requiring the State of Nevada
to return 2% of the 4% gasoline tax now required, to the various counties in the State of
Nevada.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.
On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

Resolved, That the Clark County Delegation in the Assembly and Senate, now in session
in Carson City promote the passage of an acting to exempt City and County motor equipment from
from the state gasoline tax.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 22nd day of February, 1933 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 22nd, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of February, 1933 at he hour of ten o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Mundy
and Thomas, and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney,

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 23rd day of February at he hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk, City of Las Vegas,
February 23rd, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Thomas, City Clerk, and Acting City Attorney Marshall.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Handerson.

Mr. O. Piffer, and Dr. W.S. Park as a Committee of Public Morals from the Grand
Jury, and A.C.Grant President of the C. of C. and A.H. Harrington appeared before this time
and ask that the Board of Commissioners investigate into the operation of Keno parlors in
the City of Las Vegas as the same had been reported to be of a demoralizing character to
the City of Las Vegas, and that the same had been termed a lottery.

Acting City Attorney Marshall was ask to present to the Board at an early date
a written decision as to the character of Keno and lottery. Dr. Park, was also ask to pre-
sent a written decision from the District Attorney of Clark County, and the Attorney General
of the State of Nevada.

No other action was taken on the matter at this time.

The application of the Pache Club for the operation of a Crap game at the
Apache Hotel Casino was presented to the Board at this time. Application being in proper
form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
and carried that he Pache Club be grant a license for one crap table in the Oache Casino.

Any other games to be added to be applied for and granted by a majority vote of the Board
present at the meeting when such application is considered.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Mundy and German, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 1st day of March at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 1st, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 1st day of March 1933 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Thomas, Acting City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Henderson.

At this time Dr. W.S. Park of the Public Morals Committee of the Grand Jury
appeared before the Board in regards to the operation of Keno palors in the City of Las
Vegas. He reported to the Board that the had been unable to receive either a written
decision from the Attorney General or Senator Henderson or the District Attorney. Acting
City Attorney Marshall presented to the Board a written decision of the game Keno, and
quoted various decisions that had been decided in several courts.

That it has been called to the attention of this Board, by a committee of the
Grand Jury, that the playing of Keno as a licensed game it the City of Las Vegas has a
demoralizing effect upon the good morals of the City of Las Vegas, and further that the
game constitutes a lottery, and is an unlawful game; that pursuant to said written notice
a written opinion from the City Attorney of this City holding Keno to be a lotter, and an
unlawful game, has been delivered to this Board, and after due discussion and consideration
thereon, it was moved by Commissioner German, and seconded by Commissioner Mundy, that the
application for a Keno license from the Boulder Club Inc; be denied, and that any and all
Keno licenses now issued be and the same are hereby revoked, cancelled, and held not
effective March 2nd, 1933 at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, for the reason that the same con-
stitutes a lottery and are prohibited by the Constitution of the State of Nevada, Article
IV, Section 24.

Be It Further Resolved, that any and all persons holding licenses and any
and all persons having before this Board of City Commissioners applications for licenses for
Keno be notified in writing of this action, by serving upon all of such persons a copy
hereof.

Vote on said Resolution was as Follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board discussed the Bill No. 77, introduced by Senator Henderson of
Clark County, in the Senate of the State Legislature now in session in Carson City. Said
Bill No. 77, if passed would prohibit the use of script in the state of Nevada.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Delegations both in the House and the Senate from Clark County press the immediate
passage of such bill, and that the Clerk notify the said Delegations by Western Union,
Telegram.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
MARCH 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of March, 1933, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Mundy,
and Thomas, acting City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Henderson.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of February as follows:

$9,196.27 Fremont St. and Boulder Dam Highway assessments
124.500 Poll Tax

115.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

1,860.00	Municipal Court Fines.

_____865.00 City licenses and fees.

12,160.77 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$9,196.27	Boulder Dam Fremont St. Imp. Assessment Fund.

124.50 Street Fund.

115.00	Cemetery Fund.

2,725.00	Police & Fire.

12,160.77

At this time a petition was presented to the Board form the Los Angeles Exchange
Inc. Ltd. for the approval of an revised plat of Highland Park.
and the following Preambles and Resolution were introduced and passed:

Whereas: S.R. Whitehead, as Attorney in Fact for Los Angeles Exchange Inc; Ltd. a
corporation has filed a verified petition with the Honorable Board praying for an order
amending that certain map and plat of Highland Park, an addition to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, heretofore recorded in Book 1 of Plats at page 121, of
the records of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the said amended plat has
been presented with said petition for verification, and the matter having been fully consid-
ered and discussed it was upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner
Mundy,

RESOLVED, That good cause appearing from the verified petition of Los Angeles.
Exchange Inc. Ltd, a corporation, and there being no protest or any objection and it further
appearing that no damage or injury can be suffered by any person, it is hereby ordered
that the Plat of Highland Park, and addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and the
same is hereby amended and said amended plat ordered to be filed in the office of the
County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in a book therein kept for said purpose. The same
to be approved by the Mayor and attest by the City Clerk under the seal of the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Frank N. Ryan and W.W. Cantrell appeared before the Board at this time in regard to
the improving of Stewart Street, with sidewalks and paving.

On action was taken on the matter at this time.

The question of a bond being furnished the City of Las Vegas from the Exofficio City
Treasurer was next brought before the Board, and on motion of Commissioner German, seconded
by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that J.M. Ullom, Ex-Officio City Treasurer furnish the
City of Las Vegas a surety company bond in the sum of $25,000.

Vote on said question was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a petition from the Las Vegas and Rainbow Clubs was presented to the
Board asking that the Keno licenses revoked by the Board of Commissioners on the 1st day of
March, 1933, be reinstated.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the Board of Commissioners reaffirm their action in the revocation of the Keno
licenses for the Rainbow and Las Vegas Clubs as taken on the 1st day of March at a recessed
regular meeting held on that date.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 6th day of March, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 6th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 6th day of March, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, and German
Acting City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas and City Attorney.

A.W. Blackman, auditor for the City of Las Vegas met with the Board at this time with
a form of prepared budget for the year 1933. The Board at once entered into a discussion
on the matter and after due consideration on motion of Commissioner German and seconded by
Commissioner Mundy the Budget for the year 1933 was adopted in the following form:

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION

PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 1933.

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the year ending

December 31, 1933, as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.
ASSESSED VALUATION

Cash on Hand, January 1, 1933	$49,901.75

Balance due from second half taxes 1932	38,841.26

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures
of the City of Las Vegas, for the current years as required by Section 9, Chapter 42,

Laws of Nevada, 1923.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk	Signed E.W. Cragin

Mayor.

Dated March 6, 1933.

( City Seal)

The vote on the adoption of the Budget was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The tax levy was next brought before the Board for consideration add on motion of
Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolutions were introduced
and passed:

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.16 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collect and
paid for the year 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.270 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as General Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.301 on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Street Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.198 on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1933, including the net proceed of the mines, except such
property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Water Sewer Light Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.026 on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Library Fund.
Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.240 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year, 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Bond Interest Fund.

Resolved; THAT AN AD VALOREM TAX OF $.295 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the the year, 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except
such property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Bond Redemption Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $010 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year, 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as
is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

Vote on the above Resolutions was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and German, and
His Honor the Mayor, E.W. Cragin voting aye. Nones none.

The Clerk was directed to deliver a copy of said Budget to the Board of County
Commissioners, of Clark County, to have same published once a week for two consecutive weeks
in a newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and to send a copy to
the Nevada State Board of Finance, in Carson City, Nevada.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 10th day of March, 1933, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 10th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 10th day of March, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Clerk and acting City Attorney Marshall.

Absent City Attorney Henderson.

At this time the Board took up the matter of providing for the General City Elect-
ion to be held on the 2nd day of May, 1933, for the purpose of electing two City Commissioners
and a City Clerk for the City of Las Vegas. Thereupon motion of Commissioner German, seconded
By Commissioner Thomas the following Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, under the provisions of Section 3 Chapter 11 of the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada, in the year 1929,
a General City Election must be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1933,
and it appearing therefrom that such election should be called and prepared for, Now Therefore

BE IT RESOLVED, that a General City Election be and the same is hereby ordered to
be held in said City of Las Vegas, on the 2nd day of May, 1933, for the purpose of electing
two Commissioners, namely: a Commissioner of Class 2, and a Commissioner of Class 4, and a
City Clerk, at the places hereinafter set forth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of
said section 3, Chapter 11 of said Charter of said City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1923, said
City of Las Vegas be and it is hereby divided into ten election precincts, as follows:

PRECINCT No. 1, which is bounded on the north by the northern limit of the City
of Las Vegas; on the east by the center line of Fifth Street from the said northern limit of
said city, south to the center line of Stewart Street, thence west along the center line of
Stewat Street to the Center line of Third Street, thence south along the center line of Third
Street to the Center lien of Fremont Street, and on the south by the center line of Third
Street to the right-of-way of the Union Pacific Railroad from the center of Fremont Street
to the northern city limit.

PRECINCT NO. 2, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the point where Clark
Avenue in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas intersects the eastern line of the Union Pacific
right-of-way to a continuation of the center line of Fremont Street ; thence east along the
center line of Fremont Street to the center lien of Third Street; thence south along the center
line of Third Street to the center line of Bridger Street; thence west along the center line
of Bridger Street to the eastern boundary of the Union Pacific right-of-way; thence south along
said boundary of said right-of-way to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence west along the
center line of Charleston Boulevard to the Southeast corner of the SW¼ of Section 33, Township
20 S. Range 61 E. M.D.B. and M.; thence north along the center line of said Section 33, Town-
ship 20 S., Range 61 E., M.D.B. & M. to the NE corner of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 33,
Township 20 S. Range 61 E.; thence to the western limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence north
along the western limit of said city to the NW corner of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 30
Township 20 S.; Range 61 E.: thence west along the line from the said corner to the center
line of Clark Avenue; thence along the center line of Clark Avenue to the point of the begin-
ning.
PRECINCT NO.3, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Bridger Street; oh
the east by the center line of Third Street ; on the south by the center line of Clark Street,
and on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way.

PRECINCT NO. 4., which is bounded on the north by the center line of Clark Street; on
the east by the center line of Third Street; on the South by the center line of Garces Street;
and on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way.

PRECINCT NO. 5, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the point where the center
line of Fifth Street intersects the northern limit of the City of Las Vegas, east along the said
northern limit of said City to the eastern limit of said city; thence south along said eastern
limit to the point where Croissant Street intersects the said eastern limit of the said city ;
thence west along the said Croissant Street to the center of State Street; thence south along
the center lint of State Street to the center of Oak Street; thence west along the northern
boundary of Buck's Subdivision of the City of Las Vegas to the center of Seventy Street; thence
south along the center line of Seventh Street to the center line of Fremont St; thence west
along the center line of Fremont Street to the center line of Third Street; thence north along
the center line of Third Street to the center line of Stewart Street; thence east along the
center line of Stewart Street to the center of Fifth Street; thence north along the center
line of Fifth Street to the point of the beginning.

PRECINCT NO. 6, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Fremont Street;
on the east by the intersection of Fremont Street and Charleston Boulevard; on the south by
Charleston Boulevard from said intersection west to the southwest corner of Harrison Acres and
a line running from said southwest corner of Harrison Acres to the intersection of Bridger and
Fifteenth Streets and the center line of Bridger Street; and on the west by the center line of
Third Street.

PRECINCT NO. 7, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Bridger Street
from the center line of Third Street east to the intersection of Fifteenth and Bridger Streets
and by a line from the said intersection to the southwest corner of Harrison Acres; on the
south by the center line of Charleston Boulevard from the said southwest corner of Harrison
Acres west to the center of Garces Street and by the center line of Garces Street from the
center of Charleston Boulevard west to the center of Third Street; and on the west by the center
line of Third Street.

PRECINCT NO. 8, which is bounded as follows: Betinning at the southwest corner
of the NW¼ of the NW¼ of Section 31, Township 20 S., Range 61 E., east along a line extending
from said corner to the southeast corner of the NE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 33, Township 20 S.,
Range 61 E.; Thence south along the center line of said Section 33, Township 20 S., Range 61
E., to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence west along the center line of Charleston
Boulevard to the east boundary of the Union Pacific right-of-way; thence north along the said
boundary of the said Union Pacific right-of-way to the point where an extension of the center
line of Garces Street intersects the said boundary; thence east along the center line of Garces
Street to the center line of Charleston Boulevard; thence east along the center line of
Charleston Boulevard to the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence south along the
eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas to the southern limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence
west along the southern limit of the City of Las Vegas to the southwest corner of Section 5,
Township 21 S., Range 61 E., thence north to the northwest corner of said Section 5, Township
21 S.; Range 61 E., thence west to the west limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence north to the
point of beginning.

PRECINCT NO. 9, which is bounded on the north by the north limit of the City of
Las Vegas; on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way; on the south by Clark Avenue and an
extension thereof to the northwest corner of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 30, Township 20 S.
Range 61 E., and on the west by the western limit of the City Las Vegas.

PRECINCT NO. 10, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the intersection of
Croissant Street and the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas, south along the said eastern
limit of the said city to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence west along the center of
Charleston Boulevard to the center of Fremont Street; thence west along the center of Fremont
Street to	the	center	of Seventh Street; thence north along the center of	Seventh Street to the

northern	boundary of	Buck's subdivision of the City of Las Vegas; thence	east along	the said

boundary to the intersection of State and Oak Streets: thence north along the center line of
state Street to the center line of Croissant Street; thence east along the center line of
Croissant Street to the point of beginning.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the polling places in said election precincts shall
be established as follows: to-wit:

For Precinct No. 1, at the Fire House next to alley on Second Street between
Fremont and Ogden Streets.

For	Precinct No. 2, City Library, Carson Street between	Second and	Third Sts.

For	Precinct No. 3, New L. & K. Market Southwest corner	second and	Bridger Sts.

For Precinct No. 4, Clark's Garage, Clark Street between Main and First Sts.

For Precinct No. 5, Martin's Garage 204 No. 4th St.

For Precinct No. 6, South wing of Tower Market No. 1, South Fifth Street.

For Precinct No. 7, Fifth Street entrance to Old High School, gymnasium near
corner of Fifth and Clark Streets.

For Precinct No. 8, Store building Southwest corner First and Garces Street,

For Precinct No. 9,	204 Wilson Avenue, Westside.

For Precinct No. 10, Hansell's garage, 131 No. 8th St.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Inspectors and Clerks for said election for each
of said election precincts shall be as follows:

Precinct No. 1, voting Board
Inspectors

Agnes Watters

Catherine Riggen
Hilda Pine
Clerks

Mrs. Billee Yates
Olive Roberts

Precinct No. 2, counting Board.
Inspectors

Flossie A. Wasden
Mabel Ingram
Ida Frehner Miller.
Clerks

Emily Lake
Dorothy Roth
Precinct No. 2, voting Board
Inspectors

Emma M. Schuyler
Ethel Mackey
Alice Day
Clerks

Amelia Beck
Mary C. Batty

Precinct No. 3, voting Board
Inspectors

Hazel Callihan	

Sarah Furlong
Mrs. Joe Smith
Clerks

Eloda Pickett
Irene B. Leaman

Precinct No. 4, voting Board
Inspectors

Callie L. Paulus
Agnes Mott
La Verna Whipple
Clerks

Mamie Croal
Ethel Bradford

Precinct No. 5, voting Board
Inspectors

Eva King
Florence Mellor
E.E. Casey
Clerks

Leona May

Hazel D. Ingrenson

Precinct No. 6, voting Board
Inspectors

Gladys Stinson
Lola Adams
Lola Hinman
Clerks

Caroline Heaton
Bertha M. Bailey

Precinct No. 7, voting Board
Inspectors

Anna L. Pieffer
Laura G. Jondahl
Josie Thompson
Clerks

Wilma Baldwin
W.C. Dustin

Precinct No. 8, voting Board
Inspectors

Effie Deadrich
Mary Story
Ruth Cahlan
Clerks

Julia Cahlan
Annie Bleak

Precinct No. 9, voting Board
Inspectors

W.E. Reeder
Caroline Carroll
Susanna Mankeiwicz
Clerks

Holmes L. Warren
Elizabeth Bailey

Precinct No. 10, voting Board
Inspectors

Luella Hansell
Julia P. Mundy
Elizabeth Pembroke
Clerks

Marie Ogle
Mary J. Lodwick

Precinct No. 2, counting Board
Inspectors

Kate Santongue
Josephine Johnson
Etta Whitmore
Clerks

Mary Taylor
Donna Honrath

Precinct No. 3, counting Board
Inspectors

Racie Goodwin
La Prele Neagle
Marion Rockefellow
Clerks

Miranda Cramer
Ida M. Miller

Precinct No. 4, counting Board
Inspectors

Lottie M. Mc Kenzie
Louise Conklin
Mary Morris
Clerks

Clark D. Reed.

Bertha Montgomery

Precinct No. 5, counting Board,
Inspectors

Luella Mc Evoy
Ruth Neville
Grace A. Clark
Clerks

Marie Gildner
Pearl Baker

Precinct No. 6, counting Board
Inspectors

Anita Cornish
Lydia Homan
Bertha Levigne
Clerks

Baza Mae Silk
Dave White

Precinct No. 7, counting Board
Inspectors

Mabel B. Grant
Louise Sill
Marion B. Stone
Clerks

Mabel C. Ayers
Lillian A. Duff

Precinct No. 8, counting Board
Inspectors

Harriett Hemphill
Ruth Ellen Chappelle
Floyd Gibson
Clerks

Gilda Mosbach
Katherine Hickey

Precinct No. 9, counting Board
Inspectors

Norma Ullom

S.C. Scott

Ella V. Morrison

Mabel C. Dennett
Zetta Hidden

Precinct No. 10, Counting Board
Inspectors

Lucy Barnum
Josephine Ellis
Ethel M. Kent
Clerks

Marjorie Pyeatt
Sadie Younce.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that no candidate for office at such election shall be en-
titled to have his name placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate shall, not more than
fifty days nor less than thirty days before the date of election, file in the office of the
City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a petition of nomination, in writing contain-
ing name of the person nominated, the office for which he is nominated, and setting forth
his qualifications as required by Section 6, of chapter 11 of the City Charter of said City
of Las Vegas. Such petition shall be subscribed and sworn to by the candidate nominated ; and
there shall be charged each candidate, for filing such petition of nomination, a fee of $5.00,
which shall be paid to the City Clerk at the time of filing and for the General Fund of said
City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of said City be, and she is hereby
authorized and directed to notify the County Clerk of Clark County, Nevada, to open registra-
tion for the registration of voters of said City of Las Vegas for said General City Election
at the time and in the manner provided by the laws of the State of Nevada, governing the re-
gistration of voters, such registration to open on the 10th day of March, 1933 and close on
the 12th day of Paril, 1933.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas be, and she is
hereby authorized and directed to have official prepared and to do and perform all such
other or further acts, and give such notices as me be necessary or required by the Charter
of said city or by the general election laws of the State of Nevada, in order that said
election may be called and held, and that the qualified voters of said city may have due
notice thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all provisions of the general election laws of the State
of Nevada, so far as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with the said City
Charter of the said City of Las Vegas, shall be observed in conducting said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor or Mayor Pro. Tem. of said City of Las Vegas be
and he is hereby authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding
of said election, and that such proclamation contain the information necessary to fairly
apprize the qualified voters of said City of Las Vegas of the date, time, and place of hold-
ing and purposes of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that such election proclamation be published in the Las Vegas
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, for one issue not less than six weeks prior to the date of such
election, and that printed copies of such proclamation be posted forthwith by the City Clerk
of said City in not less than three conspicuous places in each election precinct.

The ballot at such election shall contain such further questions as may properly
be submitted to the vote of the qualified electors of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 31st day of March, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CLARK COUNTY.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

MARCH 31st, 1933 

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, held on the 31st day of March 31st, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following answered roll call, May Cragin, Commissioners
Mundy, German, Thomas, City Attorney and City Clerk

Commissioner Hansell absent.

A Petition from Cora J. Noblitt petitioning the Board of Commissioners to
approve the proposed amended plat of of the Noblitt Addition to the City of Las Vegas in
the form presented to the Board of Commissioners at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved and carried that the plat, amended, as presented to the Board of Commissioners be
approved, and same be signed by the Mayor and Attest by the City Clerk. Proof being also
presented to the Board at this time of the same bearing a clear title in the name of said
Cora J. Noblitt.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time a petition was also presented to the Board for its consideration
to allow angle parking on Fremont Street from Main to Third Streets, said petition being
signed by a number of property owners, and proprietors of business in said mentioned blocks,

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
and carried that said petition for angle parking on Fremont Street from Main to Third Street
be denied, and that the Clerk be directed to write M.E. Ward, circulator of said petition to
that effect.

Vote on said petition being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was
moved and carried that the Publicity Fund pay to the following upon demand:

Chamber of Commerce	$300.00

Veterans of Foreign Wars	500.00

Street Fund (for cement)	200.00

Said amounts to be paid upon demand only.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
"An Ordinance to Regulate and control the use of Streets, Alleys, Avenues, and Side-
walks, Providing a penalty for the Violation of this Ordinance, and Repealing all Ordinances
or parts of Ordinance in Conflict Therewith," was passed upon the following vote: Com-
missioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Above Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 197 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
in full force and effect from and afters its final publication in the Las Vegas Age, as is
required by law, and said Ordinance No. 197 is passed as an emergency Ordinance.

"An Ordinance Regulating The Distribution Of Beer, Wine, Or Other Beverages Which
are Now Or May Hereafter Be Authorized By The Laws Of teh United States To Be Sold Or 
Distributed; Regulating Places Where And Conditions Under Which Such Liquors Or Beverages May
Be Sold Or Otherwise Distributed; Providing For the Issuance Of Permits and Licenses And
The Imposing of Taxes; And Repealing All Ordinances Or Parts Of Ordinances In Conflict
Therewith," was read and passed as and emergency Ordinance upon the following vote: Com-
missioners Mundy, German, Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be knows as Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas, and to
be in full force and effect from and after its final publication was provided by law. Said
Ordinance to be published in Las Vegas Age.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 4th, 1933.

Minutes of regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of April 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner German, as Mayor Pro Tem took charge of the meeting.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the Office of the Clerk.

Attorney Henderson presented to the Board at this time a form of application for retail
and wholesale liquor licenses.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved and
carried that the form of application presented to the Board by Attorney Henderson be approved
and that the Clerk order for immediate delivery five hundred such application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
all gaming licenses presented to the Board at this time be approved. Applications for licenses
being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that all
slot machine application presented to the Board at this time be granted. Applications being
in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

Money received for the month of March as follows:

$1,821.40 Municipal Court Fines

4,731.50	Licenses and fees.

155.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

2,637.40	Poll Tax

____35.64 Special Assessment

8,380.94	Total.

Money Proportioned as follows:

$3,552.90 P and F Fund.

3,000.00 General Fund.

155.00	Cemetery Fund.

2,637.40	Street Fund.

35.64 Fremont St. Assessment Fund.

9,380.94	Total.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday April 7th, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL SETH, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of April 1933.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time the Board took up the matter of zoining the City of Las Vegas in regard
to the issuance of beer licenses for draught beer.

 On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German the following Preambles 

and Resolution was duly adopted;

Whereas, it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the sale, distribution
and giving away of draught beer should be confined to certain portions of the City,

Now therefor, on motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, it is
Resolved, that draft beer should only be sold, distributed or given away in said
city within the following limits: From the north side of Carson Street north to
Stewart Street, including all buildings on Stewart Street facing and abutting on
Stewart Street between Main and Second Street, and from the east side of Main
Street east to the west side of Second Street:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that it shall be unlawful for any person, firm corporation
co-partnership, Association social club, or association of persons of any kind what-
soever, to sell, distribute, or offer to sell any draught beer outside of said limits;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a violation of this Resolution shall be sufficient cause
for the Board of City Commissioner to revoke, cancel and declare forfeit any license
hereto fore granted or hereafter granted for the sale, distribution or giving away
of beer, wine, or other beverages which are now or may hereafter be authorized by the
Laws of the United States, as authorized by Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Thomas being excused before the vote was called.

At This time the Board entered into a discussion of granting a number of liquor
permits that was applied for by a number of business houses. After due consideration and
discussion a number of licenses were granted. Same being approved by the Mayor.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 14th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS.
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 14th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 14th day of April, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and Hansell.

A Number of liquor applications were presented to the Board at this time and after due
consideration on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner
German, that the Resolution passed on April 7th, 1933 in regard to a zone in the City of Las
Vegas where draught beer might be sold, be rescinded at this time and that each application
would be considered as same was presented to the Board, and that the Board grant licenses
for draught beer where in their judgement a draught beer license appeared phasable.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The awarding of the gasoline contract for the year was next brought before the Board,
and it appearing to the Board of Commissioners that the bid of the Texas Company being the
best bid for the City of Las Vegas to accept, it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy, second-
ed and carried that the City of Las Vegas enter into a contract with the Texas company. Said
contract to be in force ninety days from day of acceptance of bid, in accordance with the
contract had with the Shell Oil Company, setting for a ninety day notice of the cancelization
of said contract. Clerk to notify Shell Oil Company of the cancelization of said contract,
and to inform the Texas Company of the acceptance of its bid and ask that a form of con-
tract from the Texas Company be presented to the Board for its approval.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The awarding of the water rights from the City well for the year March 23, 1933 to
March 23, 1934 was next brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the Agreement entered into with one J.W. Williams and the City of Las Vegas,
on March 23, 1932 to March 23, 1933 be extended to March 23, 1934, has said J.W. Williams
had fulfilled all the terms of the said agreement and was anxious to receive and extension
on said agreement.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Friday the 21st day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner
Mundy the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, Clark Street Between Sixth and Seventh Streets, in
Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, and the alley between
Sixth and Seventh Streets from Clark Street to Bonneville Street
in said Wardie Addition, have been and are becoming in an impass-
ible condition by reason of being flooded with water leaking from
the water main supplying water to said section, and

WHEREAS the Water main supplying said Wardie Addition to the
City of Las Vegas in the alley above mentioned is in such a con-
dition that a continuation of the present condition constitutes
and is now a nuisance and a menace to the residents of said section
of said City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, said leaking water main has now caused considerable
damage to the said street and alley and if said condition is allowed
to continue will cause further damage to said street and alley, and
may cause damage to the property bordering oh same, and

WHEREAS demands have been made upon the has Vegas Land & Water
Company, the South Nevada Land & Development Company, and the
Miller-Buzick Corporation, each of which are corporations doing busi-
ness in the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, to repair the same,
and

WHEREAS, no consideration has been given by any of the above
corporations to the demands made by the City, NOW THEREFORE,

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, by and
through its proper department, repair or cause to
be repaired the said pipe line so that said condition
will be remedied, and for that purpose the said de-
partment is hereby authorized and directed to repair
the same;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that as soon as said repairs
are made, the said department making said repair
or repairs render a statement to the Board of Comm-
issioners showing the actual necessary cost thereof,
and that immediately thereafter the City Attorney
bring suit against any and all parties interested
or who may be interested in the supplying of said
water and the maintenance of said water distributing
system, for the amount expended by the City;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Attorney shall
also bring such proceedings as he may determine pro-
per to compel the parties owning or to own or having
charge of the water distributing system for Wardie
Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to maintain
the same in such manner as will adequately serve the
people of said Addition with water and not suffer any
damage to be done to the streets and alleys of said
City.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners
Mundy, German and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 21st, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 21st day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that all slot machine applications on file with the City Clerk be granted.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that J.F. Hesse be granted a wholesale liquor license. License fee $50.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners entered into a discussion as to the combin-
ing of the City and County Health doctors. No action was taken on the matter.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that the Las Vegas Taxi and the Boulder Taxi be given 20ft space to be used as
a taxi stand. Permission of the owners of the Boulder Club 118 Fremont St. stand of the
Boulder Taxi Company and Sam Mikulich owner of Goodfellow's Grill 17 Fremont Street being
given to said taxi companies for the 20ft parking space. Police Department directed to paint
said strips the proper color.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and his Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

It was called to the attention of the Board at this time that a number of property
owners in Pioneer and Fairview Additions to the City of Las Vegas had erected fences across
alleys belonging to the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the City attorney be instructed to to draw up and serve a formal notice to any
property owners infringing on City property and serve same.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, German, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 1st, 1933.



Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 1st day of May
1933 at the hour of 3:45 P.M.

CALL

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 1, 1933.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, to be held at the Board room of said Board on Monday the 1st day of May, 1933 at the
hour of three forty five (3:45) P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the consolidation of
the County and City Health officers. You will give notice accordingly.

E.W. Cragin,

Mayor.

Las Vegas, Nevada, May 1st, 1933.

To E.W. Cragin, Mayor and to Commissioners R.W. Thomas, L.B. Hansell, W.C. German and W.B. Mundy.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued by
the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board room of said Board on Monday the 1st day of May
at the hour of 3:45 P.M. o'clock of said day, to consider and act upon the consolidation of
the County and City Health Officers. You will govern yourself accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

We, the undersigned, being the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting on the 1st day
of May, 1933.

E.W. Cragin	W.B. Mundy

Mayor.	W.C. German

L.B. Hansell

Commissioners.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy German and
Hansell, Commissioner Thomas being notified of the meeting but not attending,

At this time the Board entered into a discussion as to the consolidation of the City
and County Health Officers. After a lengthy discussion on the matter on motion of Com-
missioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried that no action
either by the Mayor or Board of Commissioners be taken, and that the City Health Officer
remain as is.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell voting Aye.
Noes none. His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin not voting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of May, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.m.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk Approved by the Mayor.

Moneys received for the month of April as follows:

$1,738.50 Municipal Court Fines

6,852.25	Licenses and Fees.

450.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

____100.08 Collections for St. Fund.

9,140.83 Total.

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$4,000.00 General Fund.

4,590.75	P and F Fund.

450.00	Cemetery Fund
100.08 Street Fund.

9,140.83 Total.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the beer license issued to J.J. Murphy and Jake Goodfried for 6 Ogden Street
be transferred to a new location at 220½ No. 1st St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the application of L.L. Arnett and John Graglia for seven slot machine licenses
be granted. Application being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the
Clerk.

Vote on motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that the City enter into a contract with the Eureka Fire Hose Mfg. Co. for the
purchase of 500 feet of Paragon fire hose, terms four months net.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A petition from a number of property owners asking permission to have a sewer line
laid in Block 5 Hawkins Addition to the City of Las Vegas. City Engineer Thompson was
directed to check the petition and verify the ownership the the lots and the percentage
of the interested property owners signing said petition.
No further business appearing, before the, Board at this time the meeting recessed to
the 9th day or May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.	

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 9th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 9th day of May, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

At this time the Board proceeded to make a canvas of the vote cast at the General
City Election held on the 2nd day of May, 1933, for the election of one City Commissioner
of the Second Class, and one City Commissioner of the Fourth Class, and a City Clerk, the
Result of said canvas being as follows:

FOR COMMISSIONER OF THE SECOND CLASS

J.H. DOWN_____

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	30

"	"	"	No.	2	36

"	"	"	No.	3	33

"	"	"	No.	4	40

"	"	"	No.	5	55

"	"	"	No.	6	48

"	"	"	No.	7	70

"	"	"	No.	8	45

"	"	"	No.	9	36

"	"	"	No.	10	32	Total	423

C.V.T. GILBERT

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	60

"	"	"	No.	2	28

"	"	"	No.	3	25

"	"	"	No.	4	13

"	"	"	No.	5	27

"	"	"	No.	6	20

"	"	"	No.	7	20

"	"	"	No.	8	27

"	"	"	No.	9	138

"	"	" No. 10	____20_	Total 378

H.P. MARBLE

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	18

"	"	"	No.	2	28

"	"	"	No.	3	31

"	"	"	No.	4	23

"	"	"	No.	5	37

"	"	"	No.	6	31

"	"	"	No.	7	53

"	"	"	No.	8	30

"	"	"	No.	9	8

"	"	" No. 10 _________19_	Total 278

M.J. SMITH

Las	Vegas Precinct No.	1	64

"	"	"	No.	2	33

"	"	"	No.	3	31

"	"	"	No.	4	23

"	"	"	No.	5	33

"	"	"	No.	6	44

"	"	"	No.	7	34

"	"	"	No.	8	34

"	"	"	No.	9	16

"	"	"	No.	10	19	Total	331

M.E. SULLIVAN

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	30

"	"	"	"	2	65

"	"	"	"	3	44

"	"	"	"	4	10

"	"	"	"	5	33

"	"	"	6	32

"	"	"	"	7	28

"	"	"	8	21

"	"	"	"	9											       17

"	"	"	"	10	15	__ Total 295
E.F. WALTERS___

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	11

"	"	"	No.	2	8

"	"  No. 3	24

"	"	"	No.	4	  17

"	"	"	No.	5	6

"	"	"	No.	6	9

"	"	"	No.	7	  12

"	"	"	No.	8	7

"	"	"	No.	9	  22

"	"	"  No. 10	3	Total 119

FOR COMMISSIONER OF THE FOURTH CLASS

L.L. ARNETT

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1  93
"	"	No. 2   120

"	"	"	No.	3	  90

"	"	"	No.	4	  79

"	"	"	No.	5	  106

"	"	"	No.	 6  	106

"	"	"	No.	 7  	142

"	"	"	No.	8	  92

"	"	"	No.	9	  129

"	"	"	No.	10	57	Total 1014

Wm. GORE

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	50

"	^	"	No. 2	54

"	"	"	No. 3	55

"	"	"	No. 4	32

"	"	"	No. 5	44

"	"	"	No. 6	40

"	"	"	No. 7	32

"	"	"	No. 8	44

"	"	"	No. 9	45

"	"	"	No. 10										   32 		             Total 428

L.R. HILKE

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	67

"	"	"	No.	2	21

"	"	"	No.	3	38

"	"	"	No.	4	13

"	"	"	No.	5	37

"	"	"	No.	6	41

"	"	"	No.	7	44

"	"	"	No.	8	21

"	#	"	No.	9	53

"	"	"	No.	10 			  16 			            Total	 358

FOR CITY CLERK

VIOLA BURNS

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	97

"	2	"	No.	2	99

"	"	"	No.	3	90

"	"	"	No.	4	95

"	"	"	No.	5	  126

"	"	"	No.	6	  108

"	"	"	No.	7	  154

"	"	"	No.	8	94

"	"	"	No.	9   	137

"	"	"	No. 10	73	Total 1073

Pat Gallagher

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	102

"	"     No. 2	76

"	"	"	No.	3	   72

"	"	"	No.	4	   21

"	"	"	No.	5	   43

"	"	"	No.	6	   50

"	"	"	No.	7	   44

"	"	"	No.	8	   50

"	"	"	No.	9	   82

"	"	"	No.	10   16               Total 	556

RUBY WHITE

Las Vegas Precinct No. l  		 27
"	"	"	No. 2	  	23

"	"	"	No. 3	    24

"	"	"	No. 4				12

"	"	"	No. 5		    	24

"	"	"	No. 6		28

"	"	"	No. 7		21

"	"	"	No. 8 	   	21

"	"	"	No. 9 		   17

"	"	" 	  No. 10   19	Total 216
Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that J.H. Down has received a plurality of all
votes cast for City Commissioners Second Class, and L.L. Arnett has received a plurality of
all votes cast for Commissioner of the Fourth Class and that Viola Burns has received a
plurality of all votes cast for City Clerk, it was,

RESOLVED, that the said J.H. Down, be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected
City Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said L.L. Arnett is hereby declared to be the duly elected
City Commissioner of the Fourth Class for the ensuing term of four years, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Viola Burns is hereby declared to be the duly elected
City Clerk for the ensuing term of four years, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to each of the above candidates.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and His Honor the
Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

A.E. Cahlan, Dr. J.D. Smith, Reed Whipple and Vernon Bunker appeared before the Board
at this time petitioning the City of Las Vegas to lay sidewalks in block 24 South Addition to
the City of Las Vegas on the 6th Street side of said Block. No action was taken on the matter
at this time.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
City Attorney write to the Fuller Construction Company, Dalas Texas and request said company
to repair manholes and pipe lines in the City laid by said Fuller Construction company last
July and August. A copy of said letter to sent to Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer,
Oklahoma City Okla.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor Voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
City Attorney write Olof Nelson, Contractor on Highway being built through the City of Las
Vegas at the present time, and direct him to repair street approaches to both South Fifth
Street and North Main Street, and a copy of the letter to be sent to C.C. Boyer, Supt. of
Highways Southern District.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the City Attorney was
directed to write Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City of Las Vegas on sewer
system recently installed and inform him that the plans prepared by the Benham Engineer Co.
are not correct in regards to the location of the wyes left for connection to the system, and
also state in said letter that same besides being an inconvenience to property owners has
caused the City additional expense.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the applications of Ben Minter for one poker table for the Exchange
Club for the present quarter, and a liquor license for one year. Applications being in proper
form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
seconded that the above mentioned licenses be granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
Carried that permission be granted to T.J. Settle at the City Drug Store Luncheonette to
sell draught beer.	

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Minutes of all previous meetings to April 4th read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 23rd day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 23rd, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 23rd	day	of May, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

 Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and

Thomas, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk, Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time a number of citizens appeared before the Board in regard to loading zones
in the City of Las Vegas on Fremont St. O.J. Smith and A. Corradetti appeared as spokes man
for the interested parties. action was taken on the matter and it was taken under advisement 

until some further date.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded	by Commissioner German the liquor license	of

Louis Arthur Deiken at the	Overland Cafe, was	transferred to George Wilbur	to be used at	the

same address.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a petition was presented to the Board asking for permission to erect
columns or pillars on the building of the Palm Funeral Home at First and Carson Streets,
said pillars or columns to occupy some sidewalk space but not to cause and construction on
the sidewalks surrounding said building.	

No motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German, Permit was granted
to said Palm Funeral Home to construct pillars or columns on said building abutting on South
First and Carson Sts. The City Clerk was also directed to prepare a copy of Permit similar
to those already granted for such purposes, and the Mayor and City Clerk to sign said Permit
and submit to the Palm Funeral Home for its acceptance.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following slot
machine licenses were granted:

L.L. Arnett & John Graglia	5 Slot Machines
J.T. Watters	6	"	"

Dave Stearns	2	"	"

Applications being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the City
Clerk. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE SALE OF MILK, CREAM AND OTHER DAIRY PRODUCTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS; DEFINING STANDARDS FOR MILK AND CREAM; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS
FOR THE SALE OF CREAM AND MILK, AND THE REVOCATIONS OF SUCH PERMITS; AUTHORIZING THE CITY
COMMISSIONERS TO PROMULGATE RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF THIS ORDINANCE;
PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AN REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF

ORDINANCES  IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, " was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German the surety company
bond from the Southern Nevada Wholesale Corp. from the United States Fidelity and Guaranty
Company for Five Hundred Dollars was approved. Same to be signed by the Mayor.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Thomas not voting.

At this time the application of F.E. Matzdorf, for the operation of one Tango Game
in the City of Las Vegas was brought before the Board for consideration. After some decision 

the matter on motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioners German the follow-
ing motion was introduced and passed:

That the application of F.E. Matzdorf for a license to operate a "Tango Game" in
the City of Las Vegas, 129 So. 1st Street be referred to the Committee of Public Morals of the
Grand Jury of Clark County for its decision as to the granting of said license, and if said
Committee approve of the granting of such license the City Clerk without further order of
the Board of Commissioners is authorized to issue such license. That the Application for
same is in proper form and the money to cover same is on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Thomas leaving before the vote was called.

Chief of Police O.C. Boggs appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the
arresting of George Washington at 20 Stewart Street for the selling of "Home Brew Beer."

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner German, seconded
by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, That the City retail liquor license No. 18 of Henry Wilson for 20
Stewart Street be revoked on the grounds that one George Washington was arrested there on
May 14th for the violation of Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas governing the sale
and giving away of liquor in the City of Las Vegas, by not paying the City excise tax as
set forth in said Ordinance or stating the alcoholic contence of same.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 5th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of June 1933, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Following answered roll call, Mayor E.W. Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Commissioners elect L.L. Arnett and Jas. H. Down were also present.
The reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time Mrs. Viola Burns, City Clerk Elect, presented to the Board her bond in the
sum of Five Thousand Dollars, from the Maryland Casualty Company as surety together with her
oath of office. Said bond being approved by Earl F. Davidson, Chairman of the Board of County
Commissioners of Clark County, There upon motion duly made seconded and carried said bond was
approved. It was further ordered that said bond and oath be filed in the office of the County
Clerk of Clark County.

Thereupon Viola Burns re-entered upon the duties of her office.

Jas. H. Down, Commissioner Elect presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand dollars
($1,000) with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon: said bond hav-
ing been previously approved by Earl Davidson, Chairman of the Board of County Commission-
ers of Clark County, Nevada as is required by law. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried
said bond and oath of office were approved and ordered filed in the office of the City Clerk.

L.L. Arnett, Commissioner elect presented to the Board his bond in the sum of One
Thousand Dollars, ($1,000), with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety
thereon: said bond having been previously approved by Earl F. Davidson, Chairman of the Board
of County Commissioners of the Clark, County, Nevada, as is required by law. Upon motion duly
made seconded and carried said bond and oath of office were approved and ordered filed with
the City Clerk.

Thereupon Messrs. Arnett and Down entered upon the duties of their offices.

Thereupon the Mayor made the following-appointments, to-wit: Commissioner Down was
appointed Water Sewer and Light Commissioner, Commissioner Arnett appointed Finance Commission-
er, and Commissioners Mundy and German continuing as Street Commissioner and Police Commission-
er respectively.

The next order of Business was the election of a Mayor Pro Tem, and upon motion made by
Commissioner Down and seconded by Commissioner Arnett W.C. German was re-elected Mayor Pro Tem
on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett Mundy and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner German voting no.

The appointing of the City Attorney was next brought before the Board for consider-
ation and on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down A.S. Henderson was
re-appointed City Attorney on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett and seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following
liquor licenses were granted: E.R. Gates, at the Old Ranee, John M. Egan, La Salle Club, and
Frank Wilson & George Sanders, 20 Stewart Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner German the bonds of The
Nevada Supply Company, Rose Distributing Company, and Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Company
Incorporated, were ordered approved; Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Arnett
Mundy, German and Down voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down the following liquor
application approved at a previous meeting were ordered canceled: Joe Levine, 2 for W.H.
Elwell, Willis Karns, Arthur S. Mosbach, Albert Carlone, Oscar B. Allbritten, and M.C. Cohen.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Down and Mundy,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the collecting of the Excise Tax
as same is set forth in Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas, governing the sale or
giving away of beverages legalized by the United States Government. After some discussion on
the matter on motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved: That the Excise Tax of 4¢ per gal placed on the sale of each gal. of bever-
ages sold wholesale in the City of Las Vegas be collected by an officer of the Las Vegas Police
Department. This tax to be collected on beverages sold wholesale in the City of Las Vegas,
regardless of where same is to be retailed;

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett, and
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the poker
license of Wm. Jones be transferred from 217 Stewart to 306 No. 2nd Street.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Wed-
nesday the 7th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA.

JUNE 7th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of June 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett, and
Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Arnett one slot machine
license was granted to S.R. Tyson, application being in proper form and money to cover same be-
ing on file with the City Clerk.	

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of parties interested in the licensing of "Keno" and "Tango" in
the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board. After a lengthy discussion on the matter, on
motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolution was intro-
duced and passed:

RESOLVED, That in consideration of a letter from the Grand Jury Committee of Public
Morals ruling against the operation of Keno in the City of Las Vegas reading as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

May 24, 1933.

Honorable Board of City Commissioners

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

Referring to your letter of May 24th, 1933, the Committee of Public Morals
made a report in full, and since that time have appeared in person before your Honorable
Body, and at this time see no reason for a change in their opinions.

Respectfully,

W.S. Park
O.L. Pieffer

The Grand Jury Committee on Public Morals.



no "Tango" or "keno" or similar licenses will be granted by this Board of Commissioners unless 
the written approval of the majority of the members of the Clark County Grand Jury for 1933, 
favoring the issuing of licenses for said game be received by this Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

A number of persons interested in the passage of a "Milk Ordinance " for the City of
Las Vegas appeared before the Board at this time but no action was taken on the matter.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Down be granted a twenty day leave of absence.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Arnett and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Down not voting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 14th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 15th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Arnett, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down on leave.

Minutes of all previous meeting to June 5th read and approved as read.

John Graglia appeared before the Board at this time asking financial aid for the City Band.

As no funds were available in the Publicity Fund at this time the City was not able to help in a
material way with the expenses of said band.

W.G. Watts appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the radio interferences
in the City of Las Vegas. No definite action was taken at this time.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that the beer license of Anna Liba for the Silver Slipper Club be transferred to Mary Lou and Earl
West and the name of the Silver Slipper Club be changed to the "Willows".

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Arnett and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a report was made from the informal meeting held on the 11th day of June
with the Committee of Public Morals in regard to the issuing of Keno and Tango licenses in the
City of Las Vegas. After meeting informally with the Committee of Public Morals it was decided
that no Tango or Keno or similar licenses be issued in the City of Las Vegas.

At this time the passage of a suitable resolution on the demise of City Policeman,

Ernie James May, was brought before the Board and the following Resolution on motion of Commissioner
German seconded by Commissioners Arnett was adopted:

	WHEREAS, on the 8th day of June, 1933, City Policeman, Ernie James May, departed this

life, and

WHEREAS, the said Ernie James May was and had been a faithful, conscientious and courage-
ous officer of the City of Las Vegas, ever alert in performing his duty in the preservation of
life and property of the citizens and city which he was serving, and

WHEREAS, in the death and untimely passing of Ernie James May, the City of Las Vegas has
suffered a great loss and the County of Clark and the State of Nevada a worthy and valuable citizen:

NOW, THEREFORE, on motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, it was

RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, by and through its Mayor, and Board of City Com-
missioners, deeply feels the loss sustained, and extends to the widow and family, the mother, brothers
and sisters of Ernie James May its deepest expression of condolence and sympathy in their bereave-
ment and bespeaks the individual sorrow of the Mayor and each and every member of the Board of Com-
missioners and the officers of said City, with whom the said Ernie James May labored, and whom he
so ably served.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the
Board of Commissioners and a copy thereof be forwarded to the widow and family, the mother, and the
brothers, and sisters of the deceased.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following traffic
rules were adopted. To be effective at once.

Parallel parking with 45 minute limit on Fremont Street, Main to 5th Street.

45 degree angle parking on Main, First, Second, Third, and Fourth Streets between
Fremont and Carson Street with 45 minute limit.

45 degree angle parking on Main, First, Second Third between Fremont and Ogden and on
Fourth to the alley between Fremont and Ogden Street from the Fremont Street side with 45 minute
limit.

Four taxi stands is limit allowed on Fremont Street with length of 20 feet for each
stand. Taxi drivers to get permission from property owners for stand and to paint and maintain their
own stands.

Bus stop spaces to be cut down to a minimum of length.

No loading zones on Fremont Street.

Transfer companies to have no stands on Fremont Street but to be given a stand on side s
street under the same conditions as the stands allocated to the taxi drivers.

45 degree angle parking on Carson Street between Main and 5th Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance to Amend Section LXXXXIV of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets;
Establishing a Central Traffic District; and providing Penalty for the Breach of any Rules or Re-
gulations Regarding Traffic in this Ordinance Provided, and Repealing Ordinances No. 66-68-69-86-90-
94-120-124-125-127- 141 and 143 of the City of Las Vegas, and all ordinances and parts of Or-
dinances in conflict herewith." Approved July 6, 1931;

Was read for a first and second time and unanimously adopted by the following vote: Commission-
ers Arnett, Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The above mentioned ordinance is to be known as Ordinance No. 199 of the City of Las Vegas,
and is passed as an emergency Ordinance and to be in full force and effect from and afters its
final and complete publication in the Las Vegas Age, for two weeks (2 issues) in said newspaper.

"An Ordinance regulating the sale of Milk, Cream and other Dairy products in the City of Las
Vegas; defining standards for milk and cream: providing for the issuance of permits for the sale
of Milk and Cream and the revocation of such permits; authorizing the City Commissioners to pro-
mulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of this Ordinance; providing a penalty for the
violation thereof; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict" was read for a
first time and ordered published in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal for two weeks, (2 issues)
of said paper and to be read for a second and final reading at the next regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners.

The City Clerk was directed to write the County Clerk of Clark County and ascertain a con-
venient hour for a meeting with the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County to decide upon
a satisfactory method for the collection of the liquor excise tax as is placed by the two Boards.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Fri-
day the 30th day of June, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 30th 1933.



Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City 
of Las Vegas, held on the 30th day of June 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Arrnett and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board of Commissioners met with the Board of Commissioners of Clark
County in regard to the collection of the beer excise tax as same is set forth in both the City
and County Ordinances. After some discussion on the matter a definite decision was reached, and
the following method of collecting the tax was decided upon;

That the City of Las Vegas be entitled to all the excise tax on the sales made for
consumption in the City of Las Vegas. That Clark County be entitled to the tax on all sales made
for consumption outside the City limits of the City of Las Vegas, but that a City Police officer
collect said tax for both the City and the county and that for this trouble the County of Clark
would pay the City of Las Vegas 10% of the collections made out side the incorporate limits of the
City of Las Vegas.

The application of the Mission Cigar Store for permit to retail beer at 131 Fremont
was presented to the Board for Consideration.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down a retail beer license
was granted to the Mission Cigar store for one year.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arrnett and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by commissioner German all gaming appli-
cations brought before the Board for consideration were granted except one for "Tango" at the
Rainbow Club 129 So. 1st St. All applications being in proper form and money to cover same be-
ing on file with the City Clerk

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting 

then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of July, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down, His
Honor the Mayor, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City

Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by Mayor Cragin,

Monies received for the month of June as follows:

$33,906.72 Second half taxes as per year 1932.

1,176.00	Poll Tax

162.75	Sidewalks

215,00	Sale Cemetery Lots.

6,700.29 Licenses Fees and fines.

$42,607.76 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$35,082.72 Proportioned as per Budget spread.

3,000.29 General Fund.

3,700.00	P and F Fund

162.75	Street Fund
______________215.00 Cemetery Fund.

42,160.76 Total.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German all gaming licenses pre-
sented to the Board for consideration were granted. All applications being in proper form and
money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Down and Arnett and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down all slot machine application 

presented to the Board for consideration were granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioners German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the City Clerk was
directed to write the Outpost Trading Company and the Coca Cola Bottling Company that the surety
company bond required under Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas must be file with the City
Clerk by July 25th or their wholesale liquor licenses granted under Ordinance No. 198 would be
revoked. The Clerk was also directed to write James Squires and inform him that his bond re-
quired under the same Ordinance must be filed with the City Clerk by July 25th and the excise
tax on the liquor sales must be paid for the months of May and June or his wholesale liquor
license would be revoked on the above mentioned date.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down, and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioners Down it was moved that the
sum of $150.00 be paid from the Publicity Fund to the Las Vegas City Band to help with the ex-
penses of that organization.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Down, and Arnett and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of making application for government money to pay the construction 

of the Sewer Laterals in the City of Las Vegas was brought before the Board for consideration.
After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner
Mundy it was moved and carried that the Mayor and City Engineer make formal application to the
Government for the funds necessary to carry on the construction of the sewer lateral system in the
City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the reading for a second time of the proposed "Milk Ordinance" for the City
of Las Vegas was given consideration, and was read for a second time and adopted by the follow-
ing Vote. Commissioners Mundy, Arnett, German, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

The title of said Ordinance being as follows:

"An Ordinance regulating the sale of Milk, Cream, and other Dairy products in the City of
Las Vegas; defining standards for milk and cream; providing for the issuance of permits for the
sale of milk and cream, and the revocation of such permits; authorizing the City Commissioners
to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance; providing a penalty
for the violation thereof; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith," and being Ordinance No. 200 of the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner MUndy was appointed by the Board to act on the committee provided for
in said Ordinance.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 25th day of July, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

July 25th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of July 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett
and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time Attorney T.A.Wells appeared before the Board asking the said Board to make
a provision by ordinance allowing merchants to peddle wares from their fixed places of business.

No action was taken on the matter at this time and members of the Board of Commissioners were
to get in touch with other merchants and ascertain if such an ordinance would be satisfactory
with them.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Down a number of slot machine
licenses were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on
file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that on the recommendation of O.C. Boggs the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, that the
beer license granted to the Las Salle Club for 124 No. 1st Street be revoked, as said place
of business had become a public nuisances.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and his
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

C.C. Underhill, prepresenting the Coca Cola Bottling Company appeared before the Board at
this time and ask that he be given an extension of time to secure a bond as required under
Ordinance No. 199 of the City of Las Vegas, covering the collection of excise tax as same is set
forth in Ordinance No. 199. He was given an extension of time till the next regular meeting of
the Board on August 4th, 1933.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that the
Wholesale Liquor license No. 6 of James Squires be revoked, on the grounds that he had failed
to comply with the terms of Ordinance No. 199 of the City of Las Vegas by not filing a bond in
the sum of $500.00 insuring the payment of the excise tax as same is set forth in Ordinance
No. 199, and had also failed to pay said excise tax for the months of May and June, 1933.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett the beer license granted
to E.R. Gates for the Old Ranch was revoked. The application for same having met with the
approval of the Board of Commissioners but said E.R. Gates failing to secure said license
after it had been granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of having the City join the American Municipal Association was
next brought before the Board for consideration, and after some discussion on the matter
the following Resolution was introduced and passed on Motion of Commissioner German, seconded
by Commissioner Arnett,

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that this City
become a subscribing member to the American Municipal Association in order that all benefits
and services of said official organization of Cities be made available to the City of Las Vegas,
and that the cooperation on common and mutual problems with other cities throughout the United
States may effectively be carried on.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk (Official Finance Officer) be hereby in-
structed to draw a warrant for $25.00 in favor of the American Municipal Association for the
annual service fees.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner German, P. Nash the Incumbent Deputy
Pure Food and Drug Inspector of the State of Nevada be appointed Milk Inspector under Ordinance
No. 200 of the City of Las Vegas. This appointment being made on the recommendation of the Milk
Ordinance Committee, and that the City Clerk is hereby instructed to issue all milk permits
recommended by said Milk Ordinance Committee.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down, and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Minutes of previous meetings read corrected and approved.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

AUGUST 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on .
the 4th day of August 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett,
and Down, and City Clerk.

Absent Attorney Henderson.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of July as follows:

$1,767.00 Municipal Court Fines

9.80 Sale of Street Signs to J.F. Miller
40.00 Sale of old light poles to Southern Nevada Power Co;

150.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots
4,386.58 Licenses, and fees.

6,353.38

Monies proportioned as follows:

$3,000.00 General Fund

3,153.58	P and F Fund.

150.00	Cemetery Fund

40.00	W.S. & L. Fund.

9.80 Street Fund

6,353.38	Total.

At the direction of L.L. Arnett, Finance Commissioners the Clerk was directed to transfer from
the General Fund to the Sewer Bond Inst, and Redemption Fund $2,535.06.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett and seconded by Commissioners Down five slot machine licenses
were granted to J.T. Watters, Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on
file with the City Clerk.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Down and Arnett and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German, it was moved and carried that
the City Clerk be instructed to write to T.A. Well, Attorney at Law, and inform him that the Board of
Commissioners did not deem it advisable to amend Ordinance No. 160 of the City of Las Vegas at this
time, permitting peddling at a reduced license fee for persons having a fixed place Of business in
the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett, Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the amount of money to be borrowed from the Government under the Public Works
Programme was brought before the Board for consideration. After due consideration and some dis-
cussion on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the Mayor E.W. Cragin wire Congressman J.G. Scrugham in Washington stating the amounts needed
for the following improvements in the City of Las Vegas:

$110,000.00 for Sewer Laterals

40,000.00 for Street Improvements

15,000.00 for Park Improvements.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett, Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 18th day of August, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 18, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 18th day of August, 1933, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present: His Honor the Mayor, Commissioners Mundy,
German, Arnett and Down, city attorney and clerk.

The application of George Hamilton was presented to the Board for permission to
transfer beer license No. 21, on 110 North First Street, now held by George Hamilton,
to Edward D. Ganey.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was moved and
carried that the application of George Hamilton be granted, and the clerk was instructed
to issue a duplicate license in the name of Edward D. Ganey.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voted aye. Noes, none.

The application of Ralph Bernstein for a license to operate a game commonly known as
"Skillball" was presented and considered by the Board.

Inasmuch as the granting of such a license would conflict with a resolution hereto-
fore made by the Board, Commissioner Down moved that the permit be not granted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner German.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voted aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Cragin informed the Board that the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce was desirous
of obtaining a donation from the city to help defray the expense of placing an exhibit
at the Los Angeles County Fair at Pomona, California.

Commissioner Mundy moved that the sum of Fifty ($50.00) Dollars be given the Chamber
of Commerce for the purpose above stated, said sum to be taken from the Publicity Fund of
the City of Las Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Arnett.

The vote on said motion was as follows:	Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and

Down and His Honor the Mayor voted aye. Noes, none.

The clerk was instructed to address a letter to the Secretary of the Las Vegas Chamber
of Commerce advising him of the action of the Board on the above matter.

There being no further business at this time, the meeting adjourned to September 5,

1933.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 5th, 1933.

 Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 5th day of September 1933 at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German
and City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Water sewer and
Light Commissioner owing to the absence of that officer Commissioner Down.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.
Monies received for the month of August as follows:

$ 38.89 Boulder Highway (Fremont St.) assessment
$1,929.76 Licenses fees and miscellaneous collections.

958.78	Poll Tax and extra street work

37.50	Sale Cemetery Lots.

149.00	Municipal Court Fines.

3,113.93	Total collections.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$2,078.76 P and F Fund.

958.78	Street Fund

37.50	Cemetery Fund

_____38.89 Boulder Dam Highway Bond Fund.

3,113.93	Total distribution.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 8th day of September 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 8th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 8th day of September 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following Present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Down
and Arnett and City Attorney and Clerk.

A number of citizens were present as this was the meeting set by the Board of Com-
missioners to determine if the property owners were interested in the securing of a loan from
the government for an amount sufficient to construct a lateral sewer system in the City of Las
Vegas. No objections to the loan were met with as every citizen present was in favor of secur-
ing the loan and proceeding with the improvement. The City Attorney and City Engineer were in-
structed to prepare and forward to the proper officers the necessary data for the securing of
the amount needed for the the later sewer system.

The application of Wm. N. Rathbun for a retail liquor permit for the Willows was pre-
sented to the Board at this time, and upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner
Arnett the retail liquor license held by one May Lou Dawn for the Willows was canceled owing to
the fact that that party had left the city, and a license for the Willows was granted to Wm.

N. Rathbun. Application being accompanied by the amount necessary to cover such license for one
year.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the securing of a right of way for Clark Avenue, Westside, so that same
ay be improved and form a portion of the north south highway was brought before the Board for
consideration, and after some discussion on the matter the following Resolution was introduced
by Commissioner Mundy and seconded by Commissioner Arnett;

RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, through its Board of City Commissioners co-
operate in every way possible with the State Highway Dept. of the State of Nevada in securing
the right of ways necessary for the construction of the highway along Clark Avenue, Westside,
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and in every other way it may without involving the City of
Las Vegas in any expenditures whatsoever.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

T.A. Wells appeared before the Board at this time in regard to having the present
peddling ordinance, Ordinance No. 160 of the City of Las Vegas revised and amended so that with
a small additional license a merchant may peddle from a fixed place of business. The Board did
not approve of changing this ordinance at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 22nd day of Sept. 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

SEPTEMBER 11th, 1933.

CALL

TO VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's office, in the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, to be held on Monday the 11th day of September, 1933, at the
hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To consider the acquisition of a right of way on Clark Avenue in said City, from
Main Street in said City to the Westerly limits thereof.

2.	To consider and ordinance regulating slaughtering of animals, etc;

Dated this 11th day of September, 1933.

E.W. Cragin_______

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

TO— James H. Down, Wm.B. Mundy, W.C. German, and Leonard Arnett, Commissioners, and to E.W.
Cragin, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: that pursuant to a call this day issued by
the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said
City will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's office in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada Monday the 11th day of September, 1933, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
of said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To consider the acquisition of a right of way on Clark Avenue in said City from Main
Street in said City to the Westerly limits thereof.

2.	To consider an ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals, etc.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 11th day of September, 1933.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

____ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit
due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

Dated this 11th day of September, 1933.

E.W. Cragin	_____W.B. Mundy

Mayor.	Commissioner

L.L. Arnett________                                Jas. H. Down______________

Commissioner	Commissioner

W.C. German_____________

Commissioner.

Minutes of a Special called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 11th day of September, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor E.W. Cragin Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German
and Down, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

At this time the Mayor of the City called the meeting to order stating that the meeting
was called for the purpose of considering whether or not it would be advisable for the City to
accept the proposition of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company whereby said Railroad
Company offers to deed to the City a certain right of way over certain parcels of land situate
in the western portion of said City and which right of way embraces a parcel of land on Clark
Avenue running from Main Street in said City to the Russell property in said City, and

WHEREAS, the Railroad company offers to give and grant unto said City the right of
way for the construction of a street along the portion of said City hereinabove re-
ferred to, and offers to grant an easement to the said City to cross its railroad
tracks on said street, to-wit: Clark Avenue, and

WHEREAS, in consideration of the said Railroad Company giving and granting to said
City said parcel of land for a right of way, and said easement over its railroad
tracks, the Railroad Company desires that the City agree to construct and maintain
the said street over and across the easement of said railroad tracks approximately
one hundred (100) feet long by eighty (80) feet wide,

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the said Railroad Company's granting to said
City right of way and easement, free to cost to said City,

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, for and in consideration of said
tract of land for said right of way, and in consideration of said easement, does
hereby agree to and with said Railroad Company to construct and maintain said
street over, across, and on that portion of said street over which the railroad
tracks of said Railroad Company now run, to-wit: a portion of said street ap-
proximately one hundred (100) feet long by eighty (80) feet wide: Providing how-
ever that the City in agreeing to construct and maintain said designated portion
of said street, approximately one hundred (100) feet long by eighty (80) feet
wide, shall in no manner assume any liability or be liable from any cause what-
soever to the property of said Railroad Company or to its trains operating thereOn
or to any persons, or property whatsoever, and provided further that in
the event an under pass or over pass at such place shall hereafter be
constructed the obligation of the City herein assumed shall not relieve
the said Railroad Company from paying its propotion of the cost of said
under pass or over pass if and when the same may be constructed,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a reservation conforming to the above Re-
solution embodying the agreement of said City of Las Vegas to construct
and maintain said portion of said street on said easement may be in-
cluded in the easement granted the City by the said Railroad Company.

the above Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Down and seconded by Com-
German, and the vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German
and Down and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

At this time an ordinance entitled, "An ordinance regulating the slaughtering
of animals, and sanitary conditions of all places dispensing food and refreshments to the
public: providing for the inspection of meats and meat products to be possessed and sold in
the City of Las Vegas; prohibiting the same and possession of uninspected meats for human
food; authorizing the appointment of meat inspectors; prohibiting the sale of meat and meat
products by unlicensed establishments; and providing a penalty for the violation thereof,"
was read fora first time and ordered to be published for two weeks (two issues) in the Last
Vegas Age. Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 201 of the City of Las Vegas;

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 22nd, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 22nd day of Sept. 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Down and Arnett, City Attorney A.S. Henderson, City Clerk Viola Burns.

At this time a petition was presented to the Board of Commissioners signed bp a
number of citizens of the City of Las Vegas petitioning that Body to again license "Keno"
or similar games in the City of Las Vegas. Also an application from one F.R. Matzdorf was
presented to the Board for license to operate a "Skill Ball" or Keno game as it is commonly
known. Application was in proper form and money to cover same accompanied the application.
Said game to be operated at 127 and 129 South First Street in the building known as the Rain-
bow club.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy, the following Resolution was duly adopted:

"RESOLVED the the application of F.E. Matzdorf, for obtaining a license to operate
a gambling game called "Skill Ball" at 127 and 129 South First Street in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied
for the reason that after careful consideration being given the same by the Board,
the Board is of the opinion that public interest requires that no person, firm,
or corporation be granted a license to operate or conduct a gambling game of
Keno, Tango, or Skill Ball in said City; that such games are a source of evil,
demoralizing, detrimental to the welfare of the community, and would necessitate
an excessive amount of police protection."

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett, and
Down and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none.

The application of E.A. Clark for permission from the City of Las Vegas to erect a
stone ornamental fence around his property on 8th and Linden Sts. was next presented to the
Board. On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy, permission was granted
to E.A. Clark for the erection of a stone fence around his property on 8th and Lin-
den Sts. The City Clerk was directed to draw up the necessary Permit the same to be signed
by the Mayor and the City Clerk under the Seal of the City of Las Vegas, and to be signed
in turn by E.A. Clark.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Applications for transfer of the wholesale beer license for the Southern Nevada
Wholesale Corp. and the retail license of A.G. Blad were brought before the Board for con-
sideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that the wholesale license of the Southern Nevada Wholesale Corp. be transferred to
Lloyd Young, and the retail license of A.G. Blad be transferred to Earl F. Noon.

Vote on aid motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of meat producers of the city of Las Vegas and Clark County
appeared before the Board of Commissioners in regard to the passage of an ordinance regul-
ating the slaughtering of meat.
As no agreement	could be reached in regard to some of the section of said ordin-
ance the following committee was appointed by the Mayor	to prepare and present to the Board

sections agreeable to all	concerned: Mr. Hughes and Mr. Earl of the Virgin Valley, Mr. Wells

and Mr. Livingston of the Muddy Valley and	Mr. Cory and	Mr. Blanding of the City of Las Vegas 

with Hr. Nash, State Deputy Food Inspector, and Dr. Neiman, Veterary.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that $50.00 be donated from the Publicity Fund to the Clark County Historical Society
Vote on said motion was as fallows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then ad-
journed.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of October 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,

Arnett and Down, City Attorney Henderson, City Clerk Viola Burns.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of September as follows:

$1,713.50 Municipal Court Fines.

65.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

1,434.63 Licenses, fees and Misc.

3,213.13 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$3,148.13 P and F Fund

______65.00 Cemetery Fund

3,213.13 Total

On order of the Finance Commissioner $300.00 was ordered transferred from the Publicity
Fund to the Street Fund, and $1,000.00 was ordered transferred to the Water Sewer and Light Fund
from the General Fund.

Mrs. Sam Nettles and a committee of colored people appeared before the Board and
ask that the City employ colored man be employed on City projects when ever possible. A
written petition was also presented to the Board and the Clerk was directed to file same.

J.R. Lewis appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the City purchasing
a number of yards of washed gravel from the Federal Building site, as the same had been
delivered to the contractors on said building and wasn't the class needed. The City de-
cided not to buy the gravel.

At this time a number of gaming applications were presented to the Board for consid-
eration. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with
the Clerk. All applications were from places already established in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that all
gaming licenses presented to the Board at this time be approved and the Clerk be directed
to issue licenses for the same for the fourth quarter of the year 1933.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of slot machine applications were presented to the Board for
approval. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with
the City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the slot machine licenses be granted, and the Clerk was directed to issue
the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Mundy and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed by Finance Commissioner Arnett to transfer $1,000.00 from
the General Fund to the Water Sewer and Light Fund, and to transfer $300.00 from the Pub-
licity Fund to the Street Fund, and to draw a warrant for $300.00 for the Las Vegas
Chamber of Commerce. This amount had been voted at a recessed regular meeting of the Board
of Commissioners held on the 11th day of August 1932, and to be used in the work with
the All Year Club of California.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 20th day of October, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL MEETING.

C A L L

To Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is

hereby called, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk s Office, in
the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, to be held on Thursday the 5th day of October, 1933
at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the

business:	

1. To consider the proposition of the Union Pacific Railway System granting to the

City of Las Vegas, a right of way over certain lands, for highway purposes.

Dated this 5th day of October, 1933.

E.W. Cragin.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To--- WM. B. MUNDY W.C. GERMAN, JAMES H. DOWN, AND L.L. ARNETT, COMMISSIONERS. AND

TO E. W. CRAGIN, MAYOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a Call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of said City will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's Office,
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on Thursday the 5th day of October, 1933, at the hour
of eleven o'clock A.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business:

To consider the proposition of the Union Pacific Railway System granting to the
City of Las Vegas, a right of way over certain lands, for highway purposes.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 5th day of October, 1933.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby
admit service of the forego ng notice of special meeting.

Dated this 5th day of October, 1933.

E.W. Cragin	James H. Down

Mayor.	Commissioner

L.L. Arnett	W.C. German

Commissioner	Commissioner

W.B. Mundy

Commissioner

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Arnett, German, and Mundy
City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

At a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, held at Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 5th day of October, 1933,
at which meeting a quorum was present, the following business was transacted:

Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company submitted to the Board a deed of easement

for right of way dated the______ day of October, 1933, duly executed by it, conveying to

The City of Las Vegas, County, of Clark, State of Nevada, for the use of the public a grant
of easement for highway purposes only, over a strip or parcel of land situated in said
City of Las Vegas, extending from Main Street northwesterly along Clark Avenue, as in said
deed of grant more particularly described, with request that such grant of easement be
formally accepted by said City of Las Vegas; whereupon said deed was read over and considered
and it appearing to the Board that it would be to the best interests of said City and the
public that such grant of easement be formally accepted, under the terms and conditions in
said deed recited, tit was therefore on motion duly made, seconded and carried by the unan-
imous vote of all of the members of said Board,
RESOLVED, that said deed conveying grant of easement for highway purposes dated the

________ day of October, 1933, submitted by said Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad

Company, hereinabove referred to, be and the same is hereby accepted by said City of Las
Vegas, subject to all its terms and conditions.

The above Resolution was introduced by Commissioner German, and seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy, and the following was the vote taken thereon, Commissioners Mundy, Ger-
man, and Arnett and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 20th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 20th day of October 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy German,
and Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Arnett.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

At this time a number of applications for slot machine licenses were presented to the
Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German the licenses were
granted for all slot machines that applications were presented to the Board for granting.
Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of the Pache Club for a license to operate on crap table at the Apache
Hotel Casino was brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down a license was granted
to the Pache Club for one crap table. Application being in proper form and money to cover
the same being on file with the Clerk.

Mr. C.J. Mackey appeared before the Board at this time and informed the members that
at any time men were needed on City work to let him know as mem were at this command from the
transient camp/

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
license issued Dave Steam for the Northern Club on October 4th be transferred to Mayme V.
Stocker, Norther Club.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend Section 3 of Ordinance No. 201 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals and
sanitary conditions of all places dispensing food and refreshments to the Public; providing
for the inspection of meats and meat products to be possessed and sold in the City of Las
Vegas; prohibiting the sale and possession of uninspected meats for human food; authorizing
the appointment of meat inspectors; prohibiting the sale of meat and meat products by un-
licenses establishments; and providing a penalty for the violation thereof," was read for a
first time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. The ordinance was then laid over for a second read-
ing at the next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners.

"An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, County, of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment
to defray costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by the construction
of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across certain street, avenues, alleys, easements
and lots and making connections with the public	sewer according to the plats, diagrams and

estimates of coat thereof on file in	the office	of the City Clerk of	the City of Las Vegas;

describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said
assessments, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according to the
benefits; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for	the payment thereof,

and other matters relating thereto," was read for a first time and laid over for a second

reading.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
STATE OF NEVADA,

NOVEMBER 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of November 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German,
and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of October as follows:

$	222.00 Poll Tax

60.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots
256.22 Municipal Court Finds.

8.260.79 Licenses and fees.

8,799.01

	Monies proportioned as follows:

$5,000.00 P and F Fund.

3,517.01	General Fund

222.00	Street Fund.

60.00	Cemetery Fund.

8,799.01

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 8th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 8th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of November, 1933 at he hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German,
and Down, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Mr. A.W. Blackman appeared before the Board at this time and ask for the permission of
the Board of City Commissioners to use a portion of the park site for a Boy Scout Camp, or
headquarters. The site selected being north of the City Street Dept. Barn, and the said site to
be improved with several small cabins and an open piazza for games.

Mr. A.R. Thompson, City Engineer was directed to stake out the site.

Mr. Adolph Levy appeared before the Board in regard to the ordinance regulating the erection
of buildings housing dry cleaning establishments and ask that said ordinance be amended so
that buildings might be built less than twenty-five feet from buildings used as dry cleaning
establishments.

After some discussion on the subjection motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commission-
er German it was moved that no action be taken to amend the ordinance governing the buildings
occupied by dry cleaning establishments. Said ordinance being known as Ordinance No. 167.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the application of F.R. Matzdorf for the operation of a Four Card Draw
poker game at the Rainbow Club at 129 South 1st St. was presented to he Board for consider-
ation. Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the
City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that the City Clerk be instructed to issue a license to F.R. Matzdorf for the operation
of a Four Card Draw Poker game at 129 South 1st St. The limit of players to be placed at 30.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
At this time the members of the Board entered i to a discussion as to the financial
condition of the City of Las Vegas. A chart prepared by A.W.Blackman was presented to the Board
for its inspection, showing the expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the years 1929 to
1933 to date inclusive.

The Clerk was directed by L.L. Arnett Finance Commission to transfer all the monies
remaining in the Las Vegas Boulder Dam Highway Fund and the 8th to 12th St. Fund to the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas. The improvements that these funds covered having been made and
all out standing bills against the said funds being paid.

The improvement of Stewart Street from Main to Fifth Street was next brought before
he Board for consideration. Under the supervision of J.P. King Sutp. of Streets said street
to be improved and paid for by the City of Las Vegas exclusive of the curbs on privately owned
property. The cost of said improvement be to about $4,000.00.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that he sum of $4,000.00 be transferred from the General Fund to the Street Fund, and
the said amount to be set aside by that Department for the improvement of Stewart Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 14th day of November 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 14th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners, Mundy,
Arnett and Down and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin and the City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that the slot machine licenses be granted to L.L Arnett and John Graglia, and four to J.T.
Matters. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the
City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. noes none.

At this time the Board entered into a discussion on the improving of Stewart Street,
and other matters of interest to the City of Las Vegas, but no action was taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 17th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 17th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 17th day of November 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Mundy, Ger-
man, and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what condition
said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise
distributed; providing fore permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this
ordinance; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, was read
for a first time and ordered published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal once a week
for two consecutive weeks.

The vote on the adoption of the Ordinances was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, Down
and Mayor Pro Tem, German voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy, one slot machine license
was grant to A.H. Stevenson, and two slot machine licenses to Dave Stearns, Applications being in
proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Down, and Mundy and Mayor Pro Tem
German voting aye. Noes none.

A letter from the Mesquite Club asking that one member of the Board of Commissioners be
appointed by the Mayor to work on what is know as the Rose Campaign.

Mr. Jas. H. Down was appointed by the Mayor Pro Tem to act on that Committee.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Mon.
the 27th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 27th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada held on the 27th day of November, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Down, Arnett
and Mundy, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

At this time Mr. W.E. Ferron appeared before the Board of Commissioners in regard to the
matter of improving the park site under the Civil Works Administration. All money used for labor
to be secured from the Government.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the Board of City Commissioners approve of the improving of the City Park site with the
aid of the Civil Works Administration.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held on the 4th day of December, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Arnett and Down and City Attorney and Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Money received for the month of November as follows:

$1,190.00 Municipal Court Fines.

1,284.81 Fees and Misc. Collections

62.50	Sale of Cemetery Lots

17.50	Inst. on Library savings

87.95 Street Insp. and materials sold.

2,642.76
Money Proportioned as follows:

$2,474.81 General Fund.

17.50	Library savings

62.50	Cemetery Fund

87.61 Street Fund

2,642.76 Total

At the direction of the Finance Commissioner the Clerk was directed to transfer the sum of
$2,000.00 to the Water Sewer and Light Fund from the General Fund.

Bob Nanney appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the erection of a building
to house a dry cleaning plant in the rear of 116 Fremont St. No action was taken on the matter
it appearing to the Board that any building erected on said site would be in violation of an
Ordinance regulating the construction of such buildings.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend Section 3 of Ordin-
ance No. 201 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of
animals and sanitary conditions of all places dispensing food for refreshments to the public;
providing for the inspection of meats and meat products to be possessed end sold in the City
of Las Vegas; prohibiting the sale and possession off uninspected meats for human food; author-
izing the appointment of meat inspectors; prohibiting the sale of meat and meat products by
unlicensed establishments; and providing a penalty for the violation thereof," was read for a
second time and passed upon the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German, and Down,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 202

An Ordinance, entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions
said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be ket sold, given away or otherwise
distributes; providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this
ordinance and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read
for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, German, Mundy,
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 203.

After the passage of the above mentioned Ordinance No. 203 the Board of Commissioners
considered a number of application for the sale of liquor in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett, the following drug
stores were granted "Retail Drug Store Liquor Licenses" for the quarter ending March 31, 1934:

One license each to the following, White Cross Drug Store, Professional Pharmacy, Las Vegas,
Pharmacy, Post Office Drug Store, and The Boulder Drug Company Inc.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Mundy and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Down the application of Chas.

A. Garside, Jr. was presented to the Board for consideration. Said application being for a
cabaret to be operated at the "Willow" on south Main St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German, the following "Re-
tail Tavern Liquor Licenses" were granted:

Boulder Club Inc; Boulder Drug Co. Inc. for the Mission Smoke House, Pilar Santa
Cruz, Sam Stearns, The Golden Camel, The Pache Club, The Apache Club, W.K. Styles, and
W.S.Goodwin & Fred Buser.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

All applications being in proper form and money to cover said licenses accompanying
the applications the City Clerk Was directed to issued said licenses upon receiving legal
advise from the City Attorney.

The application of Mayme V. Stocker was laid over to some future meeting.

The application of Harry Blanding for the operation of a slaughter house under the new
inspection ordinances was next brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett permit was issued to
Harry Blanding for the operation of a slaughter house in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and His
Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 7th day of December 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 7th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of December, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present, Commissioners Arnett, and Mundy, and Mayor Pro
Tem German, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down and Mayor Cragin.

The applications of Art Schrieber for a Tavern License and Jakc Butler for a Retail Rest-
aurant Liquor License were presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the above applications
were granted and the Clerk was directed to issue the licenses covering the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, and Arnett, and W.C. German, Mayor
Pro Tem voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners considered the amending of Ordinance No. 203
of the City of Las Vegas allowing for the operations of what is commonly know as "Family Liquor
stores." As directed the City Attorney presented to the Board for its consideration an ordin-
ance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section 16 of Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intoxicating and alcoholic
liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions said intoxicating
alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise distributed; providing
for permits, and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance; and repeal-
ing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.", by adding a subdivision
thereto to be known as subdivision (9).

I hereby certify that the foregoing Ordinance was read for the first time at a recessed
regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the 7th
day of December, 1933, and was passed as an emergency ordinance upon second reading on the said
last mentioned date, on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, and Mundy, and His Honor the
Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes none.	ordinance

The City Clerk was directed to have said published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper except Sunday, published in the City of Las Vegas, once a week for two weeks. Said
Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 204.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 15th day of December, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 15th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of December, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and Down, and Mayor
Cragin, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time a number of liquor license applications were presented to the Board for
consideration. Ail applications being in proper form and money to cover same being on file
with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following licenses be granted:

Dave Steam and Elmer Sorber Retail Tavern Liquor License

Joe Williams, Retail Tavern Liquor License.

	Las Vegas Club, Retail Tavern Liquor License.

Settle's City Drug Store, Retail Drug Store Liquor License.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

A number of interested citizens appeared before the Board at this time in regard to
having the zone enlarged for the sale of package goods not be be consumed on the premises.
After some discussion on the matter the City Attorney, A.S. Henderson was directed to prepare
and present to the Board for its considerations at its next meeting the draft of an amendment
to Ordinance No. 203 enlarging the zone for the sale of package goods.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 22nd day of December 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 22nd, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 22nd day of December 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy Arnett and Down, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Mayor Cragin and Commissioner German absent.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that	Mundy be appointed as acting Mayor owing to the absence of Commissioner German, Mayor

Pro Tem and Mayor Cragin.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett and Down voting Aye. Commissioner
Mundy not voting.

Commissioner Mundy at once took the chair as acting Mayor of the City of Las Vegas and
presided over the meeting of the Board of Commissioners.

C.J. Mackey of the Federal Transient Relief of the City of Las Vegas appeared before the
Board in regard to work on publicly owned properties by the men housed at the Transient Relief
Camp.

He was directed to proceed with the cleaning up of the unimproved property near the
New Federal Building. Also to clean out the Vegas Creek.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following liquor
licenses for the City of Las Vegas were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to
cover same being on file with the City Clerk.

J.T. Watters	Wholesale Liquor Store $150.00

Rose Distributing Co. Retail Family Liquor Store 50.00

Jack W. Sterling	"	"	"	"	50.00

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett and Down, and Acting Mayor
W.B. Mundy voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section 5 and Section 16 as amended, of
Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and
control of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under
what conditions said intoxicating alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away
or otherwise distributed; providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the viol-
ation of this ordinance ;and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict there-
with." was read for a first and second time and passed as an emergency Ordinance. Said ordinance
to be published in the Las Vegas Age for two weeks, that is to say once a week for two weeks,
and to be in full force and effect from and after its final publication, and said ordinance is to
be known as Ordinance No. 205 of the City of Las Vegas, and passed by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Down and Acting Mayor W.B. Mundy voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin Commissioners Mundy, German, Down and
Arnett, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance Commission-
er owing to the late arrival of that Commissioner.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the City

Clerk.



Money received for the month of December 1933 as follows:

$34,793.44 Taxes, special Assessments

720.00	Poll Tax

50.00 Sale of Cemetery Lots

740.00	Municipal Court Fines
8,355.72 Licenses, and fees.

44,659.16 Total Collections

Money distributed as follows:

$34,793.44	Taxes distributed	as	per budget

720.00	Street Fund Poll	Tax.

50.00	Cemetery Fund

5,000.00	P and F Fund

4.095.72	General Fund

44,659.16	Total.

At this time a number of plumbers appeared before the Board and ask that the ordinance
governing plumbing in the City of Las Vegas be amended, and revised.

They were referred to A.R. Thompson, Plumbing Inspector and Mr. Henderson, City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Down a number of gaming licenses
were granted. All applications being for renewals, and applications be ng in proper form and
money to cover same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy Arnett, German, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of slot machine applications were presented to the Board for approval.
On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Arnett all slot machine applications
presented at this time were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the
same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time, the matter of the application of Jack D. Butler for gambling licensee for
certain gambling games conducted and to be conducted at what is known as and called the Big
Four on South First Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, came up for discussion and con-
sideration; and it appearing to the Board from numerous complaints made to the member os the
Board that the said Big Four where the said gambling games have been and by this application
desire to be conducted, is and has been a place where idle, dissolute and itinerant persons
congregate and resort; and it appearing to the Board that the condition in said place arising
from the congregating therein of such persons is detrimental to the morals of the City of
Las Vegas and conductive of insanitary conditions; and whereas it is the opinion of the Board
of City Commissioners, for the reasons aforesaid, that the said Big Four is not a desirable
or proper place for the conduct of gambling games in said City so long as the foresaid con-
ditions prevail, Now Therefore, it was on motion duly made seconded and carried;

RESOLVED, that action on the said application be and the same is here by deferred
until the next meeting of the Board; and the Clerk of this Board and the Chief
of Police of this City are hereby directed and instructed to notify in writing the
applicant of this action of the Board, and that he correct the conditions said to
prevail as aforesaid.

he vote on said resolution was: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board was informed that Jack Sterling, heretofore granted a retail
liquor license for the sale of alcoholic liquors in the zone designated in Section 4 of
Ordinance No. 203, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in original containers or
sealed packages not to be consumed on the premises, had been arrested for violation of Or-
dinance No. 203, under which said license was granted; and the Board further being informed
that the said Jack Sterling had pleaded guilty to the charge of violating said ordinance
made against him in the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas,

Now, therefore, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Arnett, and
duly carried, it was

RESOLVED that for the reasons aforesaid, the permit and license heretofore
granted said Jack Sterling to conduct a retail liquor establishment be and
the same is hereby revoked and cancelled; and the City Clerk and the Chief
of Police are hereby directed and instructed to notify the said Jack Ster-
ling of the same.

Vote on said resolution was: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German, and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of drawing $250.00 from the Library Savings Certificate for
the purchase of new books for the Library was brought under consideration.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down the Clerk was directed
to make the necessary transfer and to also add to the sum the accrued interest,

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and German and Down and
"is Honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 8th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

JANUARY 18th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and
Down City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Mrs. Nettles appeared before the Board at this time and ask that some provision be made
for the placing of a "Tavern" in that part of the City of Las Vegas peopled by the colored race,
and catering to that race only.

The matter was taken under consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Arnett a number of slot mach-
ine licenses were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover same being on
file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy a gaming license as appli-
ed for for the Boulder Club Inc. was granted. Application being in proper form and money to

cover same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mrs. Garside, Mrs. Boyer, Mrs. Martin, Mrs. Marble, and Mrs. Beckley appeared before the
Board in regard to the securing of the co-operation of the Board of City Commissioners with
the Mesquite Club in the planting of roses and generally beautifying the City. They also ask
that the City at the expiration of the Contract with the Las Vegas Disposal Company in July
make other plans for the disposal of both wet and dry garbage.

They were informed that the Board of City Commissioners would do every thing in their
power to help beautify the City of Las Vegas, and were at the present time considering way and
means of having the garbage situation taken care of.

P.O. Silvagni appeared before the Board at this time in regard to having an orchestra
in the Pache Tavern. Numerous complaints being received by the Board against the playing of an
orchestra in the said Club, and the Board deeming it advisable to discontinue the same, per-
mission was not given Mr. Silvagni to use an orchestra in said Tavern.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy, a liquor license for
the sale of beverages containing not more that 20% alcoholic content in sealed packages not to
be consumed on the premises was granted to C.V.T. Gilbert at 224 Clark Ave; Westside.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Arnett, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that Dr.
Neimann be appointed the Official Meat Inspector of the City of Las Vegas, under the new
slaughtering ordinances. Dr. Neimann having received endorsement for the position by a number
of meat producers.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 18th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 18th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Down, and
Arnett, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Mundy.

At this time the Clerk read the following letter to the Board of Commissioners.

Las Vegas, Nevada January 17th, 1934.

To the Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

Having at this time been appointed as Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada,
and in compliance with the existing laws which do not permit my serving as City Commissioner
at the same time as the position of Treasurer. I beg to tender you herewith my resignation
as a member of your Honorable Board, and at the same time extend my thanks for the uniform
consideration and many courtesies received at your hands.

Very Sincerely Yours,

W.B. Mundy.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was
moved that the resignation of W.B. Mundy as Commissioners of Streets of the City of Las Vegas
be accepted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Arnett, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the license applied for for the Big Four Club, operated by Jack D. Butler be
granted, on the grounds that the Chief of Police O.C. Boggs reported to the Board that the
conditions at the said Big Four Club had greatly improved and it his opinion it was a suit-
able place for a gaming license to be granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners German, Arnett, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
A.E. Clark and A.L. Worswick appeared before the Board at this time and protested against
the present building, plumbing and electrical ordinances and the rates and fees charges for
the above mentioned class of works.

No action was taken on the matter at this time.

John Cahlan appeared before the Board in regard to the hiring of a person or persons as
directors and overseers at the new play ground when it should be opened in the rear future.

Mr. Rapoport appeared before the Board in regard to the transferring of a 20% beverage
license to an alcoholic liquor license by paying the additional $20.00 difference in the license
fees. He was instructed that a beverage license of $30.00 could not be transferred into an
alcoholic liquor license by the payment of $20..00.

H.P. Marble appeared before the Board and ask about money being taken from the Library
Savings Certificate to purchase books for the Library. He was instructed that the same had been
taken care of at the regular meeting Jan. 4th, 1934.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for be granted. All applications being in proper order
and money to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and His Honor
the mayor Voting aye. Noes none.

At This time the passage of a suitable resolution on the demise of P.H. Springer,

Acting Municipal Judge, was brought before the Board, and the following resolution, on motion
of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner German, was unanimously adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 2nd day of January, 1934, Acting Municipal Judge, P.H. Springer
departed this life, and

WHEREAS, the said P.H. Springer was and has been in the performance of his
duties as Municipal Judge during the absence of the regularly appointed Municipal
Judge, faithful, conscientious and courageous, and

WHEREAS, in the death and passing of P.H. Springer City City of Las Vegas has
suffered a great loss, and the County of Clark and the State of Nevada a worthy
and valuable citizen, NOW THEREFORE

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, by and through its Mayor and Board
of City Commissioners, deeply feels the loss sustained, and extends to the re-
latives of the deceased, particularly the son who resided with the deceased at
Goodsprings, Nevada, its deepest expression of condolence and sympathy in their
bereavement, and bespeaks the individual sorrow of the Mayor and each member of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the minutes
of the Board of City Commissioners and a copy forwarded to the son of the said
deceased residing at Goodsprings, Nevada, and to the other relatives of the de-
ceased.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the passage of a suitable resolution on the demise of J.M. Ullom, City
Treasurer, was brought before the Board, and the following Resolution, on motion of Commissioner
German, seconded by Commissioner Arnett was unanimously adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 14th day of January, 1934, City Treasurer J.M. Ullom
departed this life, and

WHEREAS, the said J.M. Ullom was and had been a faithful, conscient-
ious and efficient officer of the City of Las Vegas, ever alert in per-
forming his duty in the office which he held for many years, and

WHEREAS, in the death and passing of J.M. Ullom the City of Las Vegas,
has suffered a great loss, and the County of Clark and State of Nevada
a worthy and valuable citizen, NOW THEREFORE

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, by and through its Mayor
and Board of City Commissioners, deeply feels the loss sustained, and
extends to the widow, aon and relatives it deepest expression of condo-
lence and sympathy in their bereavement, and bespeaks the individual
sorrow of the Mayor and each member of the Board of Commissioners of
said City, with whom the said J.M. Ullom labored and whom he so ably
served:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon
the minutes of the Board of City Commissioners and a copy thereof
forwarded to the widow, son and relatives of the deceased.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 25th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 25TH, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 25th day of January, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Arnett, and Down, Mayor Pro Tem German,

City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

A number of slot machine applications all in proper form and money to cover same being on
file with the Clerk were presented to the Board of approval.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett all slot machine applications
presented to the Board at this time were granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett and Down and the Mayor Pro Tem
voting aye. Noes none.

P.O. Silvagii appeared before the Board with an application for "Electric Roulette". As the
Board was not familiar with this device the application was laid over until the regular meeting
the 5th day of February so that the same might be investigated by the members of the Board.

At this time the Board took up the matter of the license heretofore granted Earl F. Noon,
proprietor of the Rainbow Club, situate on the Northeast corner of First and Carson Streets, said
license being granted for the purpose of allowing the sale and distribution of beer, wine and
other beverages containing not more than 4% by weight of alcohol and which said license was granted
and issued in accordance with Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas.

It appearing at this time that said Ordinance had been violated in that one Nels Morgan, a
person employed in said Rainbow Club, did on the 10th day of January 1934, sell intoxicating liquor
to-wit: whiskey, therein; that the selling of said liquor, towit: whiskey, and allowing the same
to be sold, was done in violation of Ordinance No. 198 and without authority and without having a
license providing for and allowing the sale thereof; and it appearing that the said Nels Morgan
was duly arrested on complaint, and warrant issued out of the Municipal Court of the City of Las
Vegas, charging the said Nels Morgan with the selling of alcoholic liquor, to-wit: whiskey, with-
out having a license permitting him to do so:

And it appearing, in pursuance of said complaint and warrant, that the said Nels Morgan,
was duly arraiged before the Municipal Judge of said Municipal Court and the trial of said
offence was duly fixed to be had on the 22nd day of January, 1934, at the hour of 9 A.M. of said
day; that for the appearance of said defendant at said trial bail was duly fixed at the sum of
One Hundred Dollars cash or Two Hundred Dollars property; that thereupon the said defendant	

furnished bail in the sum of One Hundred Dollars cash, and on to-wit: the 22nd day of January,

1934, at the hour of 9 A.M. o'clock of said day, at the time when said case was called for
trial, the defendant failed, and neglected to appear before said Municipal Court for trial, that
thereupon the bail so furnished by said defendant, to-wit: the sum of One Hundred Dollars was
duly forfeited to the City of Las Vegas;

And it appearing from the foregoing that the defendant Nels Morgan was, in the judgement
of this Board, guilty of the charge placed against him, and the Board having information in addit-
ion to the above that at other times than the case above cited intoxicating liquor, to-wit: whiskey
had been sold in the said Rainbow Club premises; and it appearing to the Board from the infor-
mation received and for the reasons aforesaid, that the permit and license heretofore granted
under Ordinance No. 198 had been violated, and therefore, on motion of Commissioner Arnett, second-
ed by Commissioner Down, and duly carried, it was

RESOLVED, that for reasons aforesaid, the permit and license heretofore granted to Earl
F. Noon, to conduct a retail liquor establishment or beverage establishment, as author-
ized by Ordinance No. 198, to be conducted at what is known as the Rainbow Club, on the
Northeast corner of First and Carson Streets, be and the same is hereby revoked and can-
celled; and the City Clerk and Chief of Police are hereby directed and instructed to
Notify the said Earl F. Noon, or his as igns or who ever may be the proprietor of said
Rainbow Club, of this action of this Board and of the revocation of such permit and license.

The vote on said Resolution was Commissioners Arnett and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German
voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 5th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of February 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Arnett, and
Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City

Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money received for the month of January as follows:

$5,073.92	Licenses and Fees.

1,083.70	Sidewalk material sold to property owners

419.00	Municipal Court Fines

253.75 Library savings and interest drawn from 1st State Bank
17.88	Ass'mt. No. 14

26.56	Assm't. No. 13

62.81	"    "  11
___322.50	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

7,260.12

Money proportioned as follows:

$4,000.00 P & F Fund.

1,492.92 General Fund.

1,083.70 Street Fund

253.75 Library Checking Fund.

322.50 Cemetery Fund.

62.81 Assm't. No. 11
26.56	"	"	13

17.88	"	"	14

7,260.12

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German the following slot
machine licenses were granted:

J.T. Watters	2 slot machine licenses

Bert Smith	1	"	"	"

Jack Weisberger   1	"	"	"

Applications berg in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the
City Clerk. Vote was as follows: Commissioners German, Arnett, and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following
liquor and beverage licenses were granted.

L and K Market Beverage license	$10.00	per	quarter.	5½%

C.J. Mackey, retail bottled liquors	sealed pkgs.	50.00	"	"

Ed. Woods,	Cabaret license	125.00 "	"

Apache Cafe	"	"	125.00 "	"

M.E. Ward	sealed packages beverages 30.00 "	"

Ethel Papoport	"	"	"	30.00 "	"

Exchange Club	Tavern	250.00	"	"

Vote on the above motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and
is Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

All applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with
the City Clerk.

The application of the Exchange Club for one card game and one gaming device was
next presented to the Board for consideration. Application being in proper form and money to cover
the same being on file with the Clerk. On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner
Down it was moved, seconded and carried that the above license be granted. Vote was as follows:
Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time Dr. Neiman appeared before the Board in regard to supplies for his
office as the newly appointed Meat Inspector of the City of Las Vegas.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by
Commissioner German the sum of $50.00 was allowed for expenses in connection with the above
mentioned office. Bills to be paid though the office of the City Clerk and to be paid out of the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, and Down and His
Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes none.

J.P. King, Supt. of Streets of the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board at
this time in regard to the parking at the new Federal Building on Stewart Street. He was directed
to place parking signs as he saw fit at this location.

Commissioner German, Police and Fire Commissioner presented to the Board for its
consideration a form of contract from the Eureka Fire Hose Mfg. Company for the purchase of five
hundred feet of hose for the Las Vegas Fire Dept.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that the
City of Las Vegas enter into a contract with the Eureka Fire Hose Mfg. Company for the purchase of
five hundred feet of fire hose. Cost of same to be $600.00.

Vote on the above motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
At this time the question of completing the sewage system of the City of Las Vegas came up
for discussion, and it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that pursuant to an Act of the
Legislature approved March 27, 1931, the City Commissioners were authorized to issue bonds in a sum
not to exceed in the aggregate the sum of $250,000.00 for the purpose of constructing sewage
systems, including disposal plants, within said City and waste mains therefrom:

And it appearing that in pursuance of such authority, the City Commissioners were authorized
to issue bonds in the sum of $160,000.00; that in pursuance thereof, said City Commissioners did
offer to sell and did sell bonds of said City aggregating the sum of $138,000.00, leaving $22,000.00
of said bonds authorized to be sold unsold;

And it appearing that of the bonds sold $10,000.00 thereof represented by bonds numbered
7 to 16 inclusive, were sold to the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada; that the bonds numbered
1 to 6 inclusive and 145 to 160 inclusive, aggregating $22,000.00, were never sold; that bonds
numbered 17 to 144 inclusive, aggregating $128,000.00, were sold to the Nevada Industrial Commiss-
ion;

That of said bonds numbered 1 to 160 inclusive, the first 6 of the same, being unsold, were
due and redeemable on the 1st day of July, 1933, and inasmuch as the same have been due and re-
deemable since July 1, 1933, the said bonds are not now available for sale; that bonds numbered
7 and 8, sold to the First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, aggregating $2,000.00 were redeemed
on the 1st day of July, 1933; bonds numbers 9 to 16 inclusive, aggregating $8,000.00, are redeem-
able on the 1st day of July, 1934, and Bonds Nos. 17 to 24 inclusive, aggregating $8,000.00, are
due and redeemable on July 1st, 1935; and bonds Nos. 25 to 32 inclusive, aggregating $8,000.00,
are due and redeemable July 1, 1936;

That bonds 17 to 24 inclusive, due and redeemable July 1, 1935, and bonds 25 to 32 in-
clusive, aggregating $8,000.00, due and redeemable July 1, 1936, a total of sixteen bonds, were
sold to the Nevada Industrial Commission and are now owned by and held by said Nevada Industrial
Commission;

That the only remaining available bonds that the City may sell the authorized issue are
bonds Nos. 145 to 160 inclusive, aggregating $16,000.00, but in as much as the same are not due
or redeemable until the years 1951 and 1952, owing to the condition of the bond market the same
are difficult to sell; and whereas the Nevada Industrial Commission are willing to exchange bonds
Nos. 17 to 32 inclusive, aggregating $16,000.00, for said bonds Nos. 145 to 160 inclusive, aggre-
gating $16,000.00, so that the City may be in position to offer for sale bonds due and redeemable
during the years 1935 and 1936;

And it appearing to the Board that it would be enabled to complete the now unfinished
sewer system of the City of Las Vegas if it had available approximately $16,000.00; and it further
appearing that it the Board had in its possession bonds Nos. 17 to 32 inclusive, aggregating
$16,000.00, that it could sell and dispose of the same and thus raise the money needed for the
completion of said sewer project;

NOW THEREFORE, on motion duly made seconded and carried, it was,

RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, be and they are hereby authorized to exchange bonds numbered
145 to 160 inclusive, ag regating $16,000.00, which bonds are now
unsold and held by the City of Las Vegas, for bonds numbered 17 to
32 inclusive, aggregating $16,000.00, which bonds were heretofore
sold to and are now held by the Nevada Industrial Commission;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas be and they are hereby authorized to do any and all things
required in order to make such exchange, and to deliver said bonds numbered
145 to 160 inelusive to the Nevada Industrial Commission in exchange
for bonds numbered 17 to 32 inclusive.

The vote on the foregoing resolution was: Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 16th day of February 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 16th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 16th day of February 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German and
Down and City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.
At this time the signing of a contract for lamps for the City of Las Vegas for the year
March 1st, 1934 to March 1st 1935 from the Westinghouse Electric Company was brought before the
Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that Com-
missioner Down designate which local agency of the Westinghouse Electric Company enter into a
contract with the City of Las Vegas for the furnishing of lamps to the said City from March 1st,

1934 to March 1st 1935. Said contract to be signed by the Mayor and attest by the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett and German and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Commissioner Down not voting. Noes none.

The Nevada Electric Company was designated by Commissioner Down, Water and Light Commissioner
to furnish lamps to the City of Las Vegas for the above mentioned period.

The Mayor and Clerk at once signing said contract, and the Clerk was directed to deliver
same to the Nevada Electric Company.

The application of the Gateway Cafe for a 5½% beverage license was brought before the
Board for consideration. Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file
with the City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that said license be granted to the Gateway Cafe.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Hoes none.

At this time the appointing of a person to file the unexpired term of office caused by
the resignation of W.B. Mundy, Street Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas was brought before the
Board for consideration.

Secret ballot was decided as the best method, and after a number of ballots had been
cast H.P. Marble receiving 3 votes and O.W. Yates 1 it was therefore upon motion of Commissioner
Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett moved that H.P. Marble be unanimously elected to the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to complete the term of office of one W.B. Mundy. Mr.

Marble to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing a good and sufficient bond in
the sum of $1,000.00 with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 23rd day of February 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

FEBRUARY 23rd, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 23rd day of February, 1934 at the three o'clock P.M.

Roll Called showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German
and Down City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. H.P. Marble, the newly appointed City Commissioner was also present and took his place
on the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, having taken the official oath of office
and filing a surety company bond in the sum of $1,000.00, from a surety company qualified to
transact business in the State of Nevada for the year, 1934, and approved by the Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada.

Mr. Harold Case, Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Dept. appeared before the Board at this time
in regard to gasoline storage tanks at 10th and Fremont Streets in the City of Las Vegas. The
City Attorney was directed to assist r. Case in the correction of the violation of the City
Ordinance governing storage tanks in the commercial district.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion on the securing of C.W.A. aid for the
installing of additional sewer laterals in the City of Las Vegas. After some discussion on the
matter it was decided that Mayor Cragin, & City Engineer Thompson, accompany A.C. Grant, President
of the Las Vegas, Chamber of Commerce, and W.E. Ferron, Chairman of the C.W.A. for Clark County
to Reno to attend a meeting of the State Civil Works Administration Board in Reno Monday Feb.
26th, in regard to securing the above mentioned aid.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 5th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 5th day of March 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Arnett,
Marble and Down, City Attorney and Clerk

Mayor Cragin arriving late.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

Clerk.

A copy of the yearly report for the year 1933 was presented to the Board. Same having
been prepared by Alfred Blackman, auditor for the City.

The transfer of the beverage license from A.E. Stephenson at the De Lux Auto court to
Clare McInery was brought before the Board for consideration. City Attorney Henderson ruling
that the application for transfer was in proper form on motion of Commissioner Down seconded
by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the license be transferred.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

Money received for the month of February 1934 as follows:

Fines $602.00	Fines

15.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

39.00	Poll Tax.

37.50	Sidewalk material

1.798.30	Licenses, Fees	and misc. collections.

2,491.80

Money proportioned as follows:

$2,400.30 Police and Fire Fund.

15.00	Cemetery Fund

____76.50	Street Fund.

2,491.80	Total

At this time the adopting of the budget for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1934
was brought before the Board. Same having been prepared by Alfred W. Blackman, auditor for
the City of Las Vegas under the direction of the various members of the Board of City Com-
missioners.

After a length discussion on the budget as presented to the Board on motion of Commissioner 

Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and seconded that the Budget for
the year 1934 be adopted in the following form:

City of Las Vegas, Nevada 1933.

CITY BUDGETS

ANNUAL BUDGET OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, 1934.

Information Required:	Actual	Estimated

1933	1934

Assessed Valuation-

Realty	$4,447.366.00	$4,200,000.00

Improvements

Personal	347.381.00	350.000.00

Totals	$4,794.747.00	4,550,000.00

Tax Rate for 1933	$1,15

City tax levied, 1933	$55,139.59

A.	Unencumbered balance in city treasury

on January 1st, 1934	$	41,173.01

B.	Revenue from taxes already levied	34,671.58

C.	Nontax revenues in 1934, estimated	41,000.00

D.	Expenditures 1934, estimated	150,901.00

E.	Nontax revenues in 1935, estimated	33,000.00

F.	Expenditures in 1935, estimated	78,568,59

Note. As taxes levied in 1934 will be used for 1935 expenses it is necessary to include 1935
estimates in the 1934 budget. These estimates will be revised in 1935 budget.

Schedule Number 1
__Revenues from Nontax Sources.

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

General Fund	1933	1934	1935

Licenses	45,016.03	30,000.00	25,000.00

Fines and fees	16,502.10	5,000.00	3,000.00

Permits		1,097.90	1,000.00	1,000.00

Poll Taxes	5,574.00	4,000.00	3,000.00

Sales and rentals	1,091.75	-0-	-0-

Cemetery	1.680.00	1.000.00	1.000.00

Totals	70,961.78	41,000.00	33,000.00
SCHEDULE NUMBER 2
City Expenditures

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1933	1934	1935.

Administration salaries	$7,410.10	7,260.00

Administration expenses	-0-	2,085.00

Police Salaries	24,979.78	24,183.00

Police Department	expenses	15,615.23	8,012.00

Eire Department salaries	-0-	900.00

Fire Department expenses	-0-	7,995.00

Street Department Salaries	15,027.38	13,980.00

Street Department expenses	16,382.90	9,600.00

City Parks	-0-	4,980.00

Legal expenses	-0-	3,000.00

City Court	-0-	1,300.00

Electric Lights and Power	-0-	13,410.00

Motor Vehicles	-0-	-0-

Sewage Disposal	11,957.61	3,066.00

Health and Sanitation (garbage)	-0-	10,000.00

Tourist Camps	-0-	-0-

Airports	-0-	-0-

City Hall expenses	-0-	-0-

Insurance, fire	-0-	800.00

Insurance, industrial	-0-	1,300.00

City Band	-0-	-0-

Bond Redemption	7,000.00	13,000.00

Bond Interest	11,795.00	11,130.00

General Expense	16,980.81	10,000.00

Public Library	1,200.00	1,300.00

Cemetery	3,631.12	3,600.00

Publicity	1,050.00	-0-

TOTAL	_____________ ___________________ _________________

$132,929.93	$150,901.00	78,568.59

BUDGET FORMULA

Receipts	Expenditures

A.	Unencumbered balance January 1, 1934	41,173.01

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied	34,671.58

C.	Nontax revenues 1934	41,000.00

D.	Expenditures	1933	150,901.00

E.	Nontax revenues 1935	33,000.00

F.	Expenditures	1935	78,568.59

G.	Balance, taxes to be levied	____79,625.00	_________________________

Total (Receipts equal expenditures) 229,469.59	229,469.59

H.	Divide G. by assessed valuation to find	tax	rate ......................$1.75

We hereby approve the above budget	of	the	City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for	the

year 1934.

E.W. Cragin,

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

Dated March 5th, 1934.

( City Seal)

FORM FOR PUBLICATION

ESTIMATED RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA FOR THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 1934.

Receipts:	Actual	Estimated

1933	1934

Licenses	$45, 016.03	30,000.00

Fines and fees	16,502.10	5,000.00

Permits and inspections		1,097.90	1,000.00

Poll Taxes	5,574.00	4,000.00

Rentals and sales	1,091.75	-0-

Miscellaneous	1,680.00	1,000.00

Total	70,961.78	41,000.00

Expenditures:

Administration	7,410.00	9,345/00

Police Department	40,595.01	32,195.00

Fire Department	-0-	8,895.00

Streets and alleys	31,401.38	23,580.00

Power Light and Water	11,957.61	13,410.00

City Court and Legal expenses	-0-	4,300.00

Health & Sanitation	-0-	10,000.00

Sewage Disposal	-0-	3,066.00

Motor Vehicle expense	-0-	-0-

City Parks	-0-	4,980.00

Debt redemption and interest	18,795.00	24,130.00

Miscellaneous	_____22,761.93	17,000.00

Total	132,929.93	150,901.00

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and ex-
penditures of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the current year as required by Section 9, Chapter
42, Laws of Nevada, 1923.
Attest:

Viola Burns	Signed E.W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor.

Dated March 5th, 1934.

Vote on the above motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Down, and Marble
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The clerk was then directed to	have the said "Form for Publication"	published in the	Las

Vegas Review Journal for a period of	two weeks, two	publications. That is	to say once a week

for two weeks.

At this time the natter of having the sewer laterals being in stalled in Westside in-
spected came before the Board for consideration.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by
Commissioner Marble it was moved that Mr. Down, Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights be
authorized to hire an inspector, who	in his opinion	is qualified to act as such inspector.

Compensation be be $7.00 per day for	actual time on	the project.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and German, and His
Honor the mayor voting aye. Commissioner Down not voting. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 7th day of March at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 7th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 7th day of March, 1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
German, and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mr. Alfred Blackman, Auditor for the City entered into a detailed report on the prepar-
ation of the City Budget for the year 1934 as same was adopted at the regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners held on the 5th day of March, 1934. No changes were suggested in the
budget at this time.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the operation of Motor vehicles in the
City of Las Vegas with short wave length radio receiving sets; providing for permits; and pro-
viding penalties for the violation of this ordinance," was read for a first time and upon
second reading passed as an emergency ordinance upon the following vote, Commissioners Arnett,
Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have same published in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, once each week for two consecutive weeks. Said ordinance
to be known as Ordinance No. 206.

The matter of an amendment to the present liquor ordinances in the City of Las Vegas
was brought before the Board for discussion and after a lengthy discussion on the matter City
Attorney Henderson, was directed to draft an amendment to the City liquor ordinances and pre-
sent the same to the Board for consideration at the next recessed regular meeting.

The business of selling $16,000.00 worth of sewer bonds of the City of Las Vegas was
next brought before the Board for consideration, and after some discussion on the matter on
motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following Preambles and Res-
olution was adopted:

Whereas it is deemed necessary for the best interest of the City of Las Vegas and
to provide suitable sanitary conditions therein, that the main outfall sewer system of the
City be extended to provide sewage for certain portions of the City, and

Whereas, it appearing that under the C.W.A. the same can be done at this time at a
great saving to the City, and

Whereas the City will be at an expense of approximately $16,000.00 only in the matter
and it being deemed highly advantageous to incur an indebtedness of $16,000.00 to complete
the sewer system under the C.W.A. and said bonds having already been authorized to be issued
and sold,

Wow Therefore, Be it Resolved, that bonds in a sum of not exceeding $16,000.00
be sold for the purpose of paying the costs chargeable to the City in the completion of said
sewer system and,

Be It Further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized to
advertise for bids for the purchase of $16,000.00 worth of said City bonds, being bonds
numbered 17 to 36 inclusive. Each bond being dated July 1st, 1931 and of the denomination of
$1,000.00 each. Bonds numbered 17 to 24 inclusive maturing July 1st, 1935, and bonds numbered
25 to 32 inclusive maturing July 1st, 1936. None of said bonds to be sold at less than par
and accrued interest.

The vote on the said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble,
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
The following being the form of "Notice to Bond Bidders" to be published once a week
for four consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review-Journal as is required by law.

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will receive
bids until three o'clock P.M. on the 12th day of April, 1934 for the purchase of sixteen bonds
of Las Vegas Sewerage Bond issue. Said bonds will bear interest at a rate not exceeding seven
per centum per annum, payable semiannually,	and will bear	date the first day of	July, 1931.

Said bonds are a portion of an	entire issue	consisting of	One Hundred Sixty (160) bonds in

the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, which mature $8,000.00 on the
first day of July in each of the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive. The bonds now pr posed to be
issued will commence with bond No. 17 and run consecutively thereafter up to bond No. 32 inclusive, 

the first maturity of eight bonds to mature on the first Cay of July, 1935, and the
second maturity of eight bonds	to mature on	the first day	of July, 1936.

Each bid, except the bid	of the State	of Nevada, is	one is received, must	be accompanied

by a deposit of five per cent, either cash or certified check payable to the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, and such will be returned if the bid is not ac-
cepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said
bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of hus or its
deposit will be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event said Board of Com-
missioners will elect whether or not it will accept the bid of the one making the next best
bid for the same amount of bonds. If there be two or more equal bids for the same amount of
bonds and such bids are the best received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said
board of Commissioners will determine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked. "For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,
1931, issue", and addressed to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Bids will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 12th day of April, 1934, at the
hour of three o'clock P.M. at the regular meeting place of said Board in the Commissioners
room in the office of the City Clerk in said City of Las Vegas. Bidders shall submit a bid
specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium, if any above par, at which such bidder
will purchase the specified number of bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the
bidder will purchase the specified number of bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the
bidder making the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any
and all bids and readvertise, none of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued
interest, and no discount or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this 7th ay of March, 1934.

Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

By E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 16th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 16th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 15th day of March 1934 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down,

His Honor the Mayor, City attorney and Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration the amendment to the present liquor
ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

After some discussion on the various proposed amendments on motion of Commissioner Marble
seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that Subdivisions 8 and 9 of Section 16 of the
proposed amendment be changed to read" at such place or places as may be designated by the
Board of City Commissioners" in stead of " only in the zone designated in Section 4."

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble voting aye. Com-
missioners German and Down voting No. His Honor the Mayor not voting. Motion died for want of
a majority vote.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that Sec. 16
subdivision 5 read "for restaurant beverage licenses the sum of $100.00 per quarter."

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
There upon an ordinance entitles," An Ordinance to amend subdivisions (11) and (14) of
Section 1, Section 6, Section 8, and section 16 as amended, of Ordinance No. 203 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating the places where and under what
conditions said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given
away or otherwise distributed: providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties
for the violation of this ordinance; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in
conflict therewith," was read for a first and second time and passed as an emergency ordin-
ance upon the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, German, Margie, and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.	

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 207 of the City of Las Vegas and to be in
full force and effect from and after its final publication in the Las Vegas age, a weekly
news paper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 30th day of March. 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 30th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 30th day of March 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German,
Marble and Down, City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Henderson.

At this time the Mayor reported to the Board of Commissioners a communication from
Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City of Las Vegas on the recently installed
Sewer system, in regard to a final payment for all plans, specifications and estimates for
both the main sewer system and disposal plant and sewer laterals. Mayor Cragin reported that
Mr. Benham was anxious to have the business cleared up and ask that he be paid the sum of
$1,300.00 as final payment in full for all services rendered.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that Webster L. Benham through his Attorney A.W. Han be paid the sum of $1,300.00 as
final payment, in full for all services rendered the City of Las Vegas. That the Clerk be
instructed to issue a warrant for the said amount and pay same over to Attorney A.W Ham,
on presentation of proper qualifications as the-attorney-in-fact for Webster L. Benham.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the distribution of the water from the City well was next brought before the
Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German
it was moved and carried that the water be divided between the four parties namely, Edith Allen,
J.A.William, M.P. Gywnn, and W.D. Murray, asking for use of said water. That the interested
parties present to the Board for its approval an agreement satisfactory to the interested
parties, and at such time the Board would enter into an agreement with the interested parties.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The extending of the parking time allowed on the main streets of the City of Las Vegas
was considered at this time and Upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner
German it was moved that the time limit for parking be extended from 45 minutes to one hour and
forty-five minutes. That J.P. King, Bupt. of streets be instructed to see that proper signs
are placed where ever needed.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble and German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mr. H. P. Marble presented to the Board for consideration his resignation as member of
the Las Vegas Public Library Board. His resignation becoming necessary after his appointment
as a member of the Board of Commissioners.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
resignation of Mr. H. P. Marble, on on the Library Board be accepted.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none. Commissioner Marble not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that on the
Recommendation of the members of the Las Vegas Public Library Board, that A.W. Ham be appointed
to fill the vacancy on that Board caused by the resignation of H.P. Marble.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The next matter taken under consideration was the fixing of a time for the annual clean
up week for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the week of April 9th to 14th be designated as the annual clean up week, and that the
trucks from the City Street Dept. be used in the hauling away of the accumulated trash.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
Mr. Harold Case, Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Department appeared before this Board at this
time in regard to the office of the Fire Marshall of the City of Las Vegas. After some discussion
on the matter on motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the building Inspector of the City of Las Vegas follow up all reports of the Fire
Marshall in regard to fire hazards of all kinds and see that the same are removed or repaired.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A number of gaming applications, liquor and beer applications were brought before the Board
for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that JH. Morgan
be granted the gaming licenses applied for and that the Las Vegas Club be granted their applied for
licenses also a retail beverage license for the Las Vegas Club.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that one four card draw poker game license be granted to Mr. Dennis at 4 Fremont St. Game to
be limited to 30 chairs. Also one four card draw poker game license to be issued to the Pache
Club, limit 30 chairs, and one roulette, one craps and one twenty-one game.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The application of Lloyd Young for a wholesale beverage license was presented to the Board
for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a whole-
sale beverage license be granted to Lloyd Young. Application being in proper form and money to
cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble the following licenses
were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the
Clerk.

Tavern License to John Graglia at the Apache Bar, Ethel Rapoport at Etherl's Delicatessen,
retail liquor store, and Jacob Strauss beverage 5½% at the cafe of Stella Sawicki.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

APRIL 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German,
and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the mayor.

Honey received for the month of March as follows:

$	210.00 Sale of cemetery Lots

688.65 Sale of Gas to Federal Relief for Dec. 1933
3.639.42 Fees, Licenses and permits
4,538.07 Total.

Money proportioned as follows:

$3,000.00 P and F Fund
	210.00 Cemetery

688.65 Street Fund.

______639.42 General

4,538.07 Total.

Transfer $2,000.00 to Water Sewer Light Fund from General Fund.

"	$1,500.00 to Street Fund from General Fund.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that gaming licenses be granted to the following,

Wm. Joes, Jack Butler, Las Vegas Amusement Corp; Rainbow Club, Boulder Club and Northern
Club. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble all slot machine appli-
cations presented to the Board at this time were granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Upon voting being taken Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voted aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
at a Tavern license be granted Bob Kincaid for the Big Four Tavern, 118 So. 1st St.
Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that cab-
aret licenses be issued to the Kiva Club and The Willows price of licenses $300.00 each.

Vote was Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that H.C. Westmoreland be granted a license for a cabaret at 22 Fremont St. Price of said license
$125.00

Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk
upon the following vote said license was granted, Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a family liquor store license price $50.00 and a retail beverage license, 5½%, be granted
to Al Saltan, at 111 South 1st St. Application being in proper form and money to cover the same
being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.



On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that a
a retail beverage license 5½% be granted to Ethel Raopoprt at 28 Fremont St.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a wholesale beverage license be issued to the Coca Cola Bottling Works, (Underhill) and the
El Rio Distributing Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license (20%) be issued to M.S. Pinjuv, 715 Ogden Street.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.



At this time the Board discussed the matter of having several typed copies of the City
ordinances prepared after the revision of said ordinances by City Attorney Henderson.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney have several copies of said ordinances prepared. Cost of same to be about
$30.00.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The payment of sand and gravel from F.A. Munson used in street and park work was
brought before the Board for Consideration, and upon the following vote was ordered pay from the
General Fund of the City.

Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none. Motion introduced by Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Down.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 12th day of April, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 12th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 12th day of April 1934, at the Hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down, Mayor Pro Tem
German and City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

This being the time set to receive and open bids on sixteen bonds of the Las Vegas Sewerage
Bond 1931, issue and there being one bid received and it being from the First State Bank

of Las Vegas, Nevada biding par and accrued interest it was on motion of Commissioner Down seconded
by Commissioner Marble that the acceptance of said bid be laid over until the recessed regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held on the 17th day of April, 1934 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and Mayor Protem
German voting aye. Noes none.

This was also the time set for the opening of the bids on pipe and fittings and meter for
a water system in the public park said bids were opened at the direction of the Mayor Pro Tem and
filed with Mr. King for tabulation.
The business of transferring the C.W.A. contract to the N.E.R.A. was considered by the
Board at this time and on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was
moved and carried by that the Mayor, E.W. Cragin be given power to transfer the contract from
the C.W.A. to the N.E.R.A. so that the sewer system in the City of Las Vegas might be com-
pleted.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett Garble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that all slot machine applications presented to the Board at this time be granted. Applications
being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that two wholesale beverage licenses be granted to Nevada Supply Company and the Clark Co.
Wholesale Mercantile Company Inc. Applications be accompanied by the required sum.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tues. the 17th day of April 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 17th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
egas held on the 17th day of April 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Marble and Down Mayor Cragin, City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Arnett.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following slot mach-
ine licenses for the second quarter 1934 were allowed:

E.P. Bihlmaier	23 slot machine licenses

L.L. Arnett & John Graglia 3 slot machine licenses

Cut Rate Market,	1 slot machine license.

Vote on the granting of the above mentioned slot machine licenses were as follows, Com-
missioners Down	and Marble, and	His Honor the Mayor voting aye.	Noes	none.

On	motion	of Commissioner	Marble seconded by Commissioner	Down	it was moved and carried

that a cabaret license be granted William Pansey at 120¼ no 1st St. Application being in pro-
per form and money to cover the same ($300.00) accompanying the application.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it moved and carried

that all retail	 5¼% beverage applications presented to the Board at this time be granted, also

a retail family liquor store license to Nick Lejan.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

The consideration of the bid of the First State Bank on the bid for the sixteen Las Vegas
Sewer Bonds, 1931 issue was next considered.	

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioners Down the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

Resolved that the bid of the First State Bank for purchase of sixteen Las Vegas Sewer
Bonds, 1931, issue be accepted. Said purchase to be of bonds numbers 17-18-19-20-21-22-23-24,
due and payable July 1st, 1935, and bonds nos. 25-26-27-28-29-30-31-32 due and payable July
1st, 1936. Said bid being as follows:

For any part or all of the bonds bearing interest at the rate of six per cent (6%) per
annum, payable semiannually, to be sold April 12, 1934, we bid par pus accrued interest. Sub-
ject to the approval of their Attorney as to their validity.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioner Marble, and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said bid was accompanied by a check for $800.00.

meeting

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the recessed until Friday
the 27th day of April, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 27th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 27th day of April 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time a number of applications for liquor and beverage licenses were presented to
the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble a tavern license was
granted to Geo. Clarence Larson for 109 No. 1st St.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

he applications of Gay Chatterton, Agnes Mc Laughlin, J.K Houssels, D.G. Lorenzi, for retail
beverage licenses, 5½%, were presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that the
licenses be granted.

Vote on motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following slot machine
licenses wee granted:

E.P. Bihlmaier	1 Slot Machine license.

State Cafe	2	"	"	"

Boulder Drug Co. Inc.	1	"	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a report was made to the Board of the bids received for the materials to be
used at the City Park for the installation of a water system.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that	Commissioner	Marble, Commissioner	of	Public	Streets	and property	,	be	authorized	to accept

the	bids, that in	his opinion	were the	best	bids	for	the	various	materials	to	be	used.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of owners of Taverns in the City of Las Vegas appeared before the
Board in regard to having music in their places of business. Mr. W.S. Goodwin and Mr. L.K. Houssels
appeared as spokesman. After some discussion on the matter it was decided to lay the matter
over until the next meeting of the Board at which time a full attendance would be urged.

No further businessappearing before the Board the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1934

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of May, 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Down, Marble
and German, City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City

Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge end City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Money received for the month of April, 1934 as follows:

$699.00 Municipal Court Fines for April 1934
500.00	"	"	"	" March 1934

82.50	Sale of Cemetery Lots
586.20 Street Fund gas sales
5,145.00 Poll Tax
13,822.03 Licenses, and fees.

20,834.73 Total
Money proportioned as follows:

$5,000.00 Police and Fire Fund
5,145.00 Street Fund
586.20

82.50	Cemetery
5,000.00 W.S. & L. Fund
5,021.03 General Fund
20,834.73 Total

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license 5½%, be granted to each of the following, Busy Bee Cafe, R.D. Gard,
and Safeway Stores Inc; and Colonial Grocery, also one wholesale liquor license to the Nevada
Wholesale Liquor Corporation. Applications were in proper form and money to cover the same be-
ing on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on the motion was as follows, Commissioners Down, Arnett, Marble and German and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
The Vegas Sweet Shoppe be granted five slot machine licenses. Application being in proper form
and money to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of owners and managers of taverns in the City of Las Vegas appeared
before the Board in regard to the playing of music in said taverns. After a lengthy discussion
on the ratter on motion of Mayor Cragin, seconded By Commissioner Marble, the following Resol-
ution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED, that all taverns in the City of Las Vegas be permitted to have music and stools
in their place of business with the following restrictions:

No music mechanical or otherwise, between 12 o'clock midnight and 9 o'clock A.M. on any
day other than Saturdays and pay-days, and between 1 o'clock A.M. and 9 o'clock A.M. on these
nights.

No house will be permitted to have a "kitty".

No men will be allowed to dance together.

No drunk person will be permitted on the floor.

No percentage girls or dance partners will be permitted to loiter in any of the Taverns for
the purpose of soliciting drinks or dances.

No entertainment of any kind will be permitted other than music for dancing.

No singing by any customer or customers.

Any house violating any of the above restrictions will be instructed to discontinues their
music— and the second complaint coming from any house will mean the cancellation of their license

Music in cabarets and taverns shall be conducted as will be satisfactory to the Police
Commissioner. If any member of the Board of Commissioners feels that the Police Department is
being too lenient, they will have the right to bring the matter before the Commission and the
Police Commissioner instructed in accordance to the majority rule of the Board.

The Board reserves the right to add any and further restrictions along the above lines
and they will be effective from the date of enactment and when so instructed in writing by the
Chief of Police.

The vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor
E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Down not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that c pies of the above Resolution be given to each tavern and cabaret owner in the City of Las
Vegas. Said notice to be given by the Chief of Police and the same to be signed for by an author-
ized person from each such place of business.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that the
application of Grace Lee Mason for a retail beverage license (5½%) be denied. The location of
the business applied for being in too close proximity to the Federal Building.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mo further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 18th day of May, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 18th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of May, 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, Ger-
man and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the matter of the application of the Northern Club, by C.M. May, to conduct
a gambling game therein known as the "Races" came up for consideration and the same being fully
considered and discussed and the Board being of the opinion that at the present time there are
enough kinds and sorts of gambling games, sufficient to fully meet the demands of the population
and in proportion thereto and fully sufficient to meet the demands of the gambling public in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was ordered
that until the further order of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
no action be taken on said application.

The vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, and Marble not voting. Com-
missioners Down and German and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following retail beverage licenses (5½%) be granted. Applications being in proper form
and money to cover the same being on file with the clerk.

Leona Mason, Second Street Grocery, Union Pacific System and Frank Clyaton Keinan.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

City Drug Store	3	Slot	 machines

The Exchange Club	3	  "   "

A.S.Stevenson		1 "   "                     

Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the
City Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that Ordinance No. 207 of the City of Las Vegas governing the sell and distribution of liquors
in the City of Las Vegas be amended so that the same would include the licensing of retail
liquor stores outside the zone designated in Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, and Marble and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Down being excused before the motion was presented
to the Board.

A number of musicians employed in the various taverns in the City of Las Vegas appear-
ed before the Board at this time in regard to having "a Kitty" allowed in said taverns so that
their compensation for playing in said taverns might be increased. They were referred to Mrs.

O'Riley Gamble to have her make a suitable adjustment between the musicians and the taverns
owners, under the National Recovery Act.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of June, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German,
and Down, City. Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.
Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.
Money received for the month of May as follows:

$16,000.00 Sale of Sewer Bonds to First State Bank.

362.67 Interest on Sewer Bonds

167.50	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

827.85 Sale of Gas to C.W.A. from Street Dept.

991.50	Municipal Court Fines
2,047.52 Licenses and Fees.

$20,396.97 Total.

Money proportioned as follows:

$16,000.00 Sewer Bond Fund.

362.67 Sewer Bond Inst Fund.

167.50	Sale of Cemetery Lots To Cemetery Fund.

827.85 Street Fund
2,000.00 P and F Fund.

1,038.95 General Fund.

20,396.97 Total Proportioned.

J.K. Houssels and Will Beckley appeared before the Board at this tire in regard to the City of
Las Vegas placing uniformed Police officers on Fremont Street especially on Fremont From Main to
Second Street during the rush hours of the day and evening. This matter was taken under advise-

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried that
L.L. Arnett be granted six slot machine licenses. Applications being in proper form and money
to cover the came being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried that the
following be granted 5½% beverage licenses for the second quarter year:

Mrs. Basset Lewis
James M. Sills
Clifford King
Sophia Noon
Jack Reynolds

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A.H. Albritton appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the betterment of conditions
of the colored race. He was assured by the Board of Commissioners that they would cooperate with
him in every way possible.

The Chief of Police was directed to enforce the "Curfew" ordinance, as a number of complaints
had been presented to the Board in regard to children running the streets after night.

An Ordinance to amend Section 5 of Ordinance No. 76 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance 

for the prevention and punishment of offences against the health, safety, and convenience
of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and repealing ordinance No. 7, entitled 'An Ordinance
for the prevention of nuisances' ", was read for a second time and passed by the following vote;
Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance to amend and ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intoxicating
and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions said intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise distributed
providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance; and repealing all ordinances or parts of
ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a second time and upon motion of Commissioner
Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that said ordinance be adopted. Vote on said
motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner Down voting no.

The City Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age a weekly news-
paper for a period of two consecutive weeks, that is to say two issues of said paper.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Friday
June 15th, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JUNE 15th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of June, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Down, Marble,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time Mrs. Gamble accompanied a number of musician appeared before the Board
in regard to the increasing of hours that music might be allowed in taverns and to have
"kitties" again allowed in said taverns. The price of wages was also presented to the Board
for consideration.

After some discussion on the matter the Clerk was directed to write and inform the Tavern
owners in the City of Las Vegas that at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners

 of the City of Las Vegas to be held on Friday the 22nd day of June that the matter would
be brought before the Board for consideration. That prior to that time the tavern owners and
the musicians meet and decided what hours and wages might be satisfactory to both sides.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved
and carried that the City Clerk write each and every tavern owner in the City of Las Vegas and
inform them of the meeting, its hour and purpose.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time there was brought before the Board for discussion the hiring of a play ground
supervisor and the amount of wages to be paid.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that the City
of Las Vegas enter into the "Playground" programme, and give the some of

$25.00 each month toward the salary of a play ground supervisor until the further order of
the Board. That Commissioner Marble, Commissioners of Streets and public places select a com-
mittee to work with him and to help select a proper person to be supervisor of said playground.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of persons, property owners in and near Stewart Street in the City
of Las Vegas appeared before the Board in regard to the improving of Stewart Street. They
were directed to present a petition to the Board signed by at least 51% of the interested part-
ies on and near said Stewart Street interested in said improvement so that before going on
with the said improvement the Board might know the opinion of the said property owners.

Mrs. Mina Stewart and an number of persons residing on north 5th street appeared before
in Board in regard to the improving of North 5th Street and the possibility of a new bridge
over the Vegas Creek. Commissioner Marble informed them that J.P. King, Supt. of Street was at
the present working on plans for the improvement of said street.

The taking over by the City of disposal of both wet and dry garbage was brought before
the Board for consideration. The contract had between the City of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas
Disposal Co. terminating on the 16th day of July, 1934, it is necessary that proper measures
be taken for the care of same.

Mr. Down, Commissioner of Water Sewer and Light, under whose supervision the same
will be conducted recommended to the Board the Following:

Accept the proposal of Mr. Bert Witwer to care for the Wet Garbage at the Old Ranch
by feeding hogs & same to be delivered at the location at the Ranch designated by him. Also,
as agreement to be entered into regarding the payment of said garbage when and if the market
price of hogs warrants the same.

Indorse the construction of a Sewer Line from the present City Barns to Stewart Street
at an early date so provision for the necessary washing and cleaning equipment may be in-
stalled.

The bids on file with the City Clerk for furnishing garbage collection equipment be
rejected as not meeting requirements and the deposit checks be returned to Bidders at the
addresses give and a statement attached marked "Not Accepted."

That the Edwards Iron Works be given the order for the Equipment to be delivered in
Las Vegas early in July, 1934. Said equipment meeting the specifications determined as most
fitting for the City Garbage Collection Department.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved that the
above mentioned recommendations be adopted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Commissioners Marble not voting. Noes none.

The matter of the hospitalization of those employed on the sewer line construction
in the City of Las Vegas under the F.E. R.A. was brought before the Board for consideration
and upon the following Resolution introduced by Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Arnett it was Resolved:

That the City of Las Vegas acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners
enter into an agreement with the Clark County Indigent Hospital for the care of any employees
that maybe injured while in the construction of sewer lines in the City of Las Vegas under
F.E.R.A. project. That the City of Las Vegas for such hospitalization should be charged and
pay to the County of Clark the actual cost of such hospitalization.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of D.G. Lorenzi for permit to discharge fireworks in the City of
Las Vegas Wednesday the 4th day of July 1934 was next brought before the Board for consideration
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett: it was:

Resolved, That D.G. Lorenzi be and he is hereby granted a Permit from the City of
Las Vegas to discharge fireworks at the Lorenzi Lake Resort in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada, on Wednesday the 4th day of July, 1934.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 22nd day of June, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:	Mayor.
Office of the City Clerk, City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada.

June 22nd, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of June, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and German,
City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Down.

At this time a number of tavern owners and musicians of the City of Las Vegas appeared
before the Board in regard to hours that music for dancing might be allowed in taverns. After
some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner
Arnett the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that a Resolution heretofore passed by the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting of said Board on the 4th day of May, 1934 be
amended, revised and readopted so that the same may read as follows:

"Resolved," that all taverns in the City of Las Vegas be permitted to have stools
and music in their place of business with the following restrictions:

No music, mechanical or otherwise between the hours of two o'clock A.M. and 9 o'clock
A.M. The same hours applies to all days in the week and month.

No house shall be permitted to have a "Kitty".

Same to be effective June 22nd, 1934.

The balance of said Resolution to read as the original passed on the said 4th day
of May, 1934.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mr. Ryan, and Mr. Minter presented to the Board a petition from the property owners
on and near Stewart Street for the improvement of Stewart Street. Said petitions were reported
to be signed by 51% or more of the interested property owners. At direction of Mayor Cragin the
petitions three in number were turned to City Engineer Thompson for checking.

Ed Pizinger and his attorney T.A. Wells appeared before the Board in regard to a bill
due said Ed Pizinger for towing cars off Fremont Street while said streets were being cleaned.
After some discussion on the matter the bill was compromised on for $162.00 in full to date for
towing of said cars.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 2nd, 1934.

SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada,

July 2nd, 1934.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board on Monday the 2nd day of July,
1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon gaming and
liquor applications that may be brought before the Board at that time, approval of bills
presented to Board in proper form and to consider the passage of an ordinance governing
the disposal of garbage in the City of Las Vegas.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor.

Las Vegas, Nevada, July 2nd, 1934.

To-

Cragin, Mayor, and to Commissioners W.C. German,

L.L. Arnett, H.P. Marble, and Jas. H. Down.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board on Monday the 2nd day of
July, 1934, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon gaming
and liquor applications that may be brought before the Board at that time, approval of bills
presented to the Board in proper form and consider the passage of an Ordinance governing the
collection and disposal of garbage in the City of Las Vegas. You will govern yourselves
accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

We, the undersigned, being the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of a special meeting on the 2nd day of
July, 1934.

E.W. Cragin	L.L. Arnett

Mayor.	Jas. H. Down

W.C. German
H.P. Marble

City Commissioners.

Minutes of a Special Called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 2nd day of July at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble,
German and Down City Attorney, City Clerk and Supt. of City Street J P. King.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that the
following slot machine and gaming licenses be granted:

Duffey and Barrett	1-	4 card draw poker Rainbow	Club

Wm. Jones	1	Stud Poker Game

Norther Club	3	Slot Machines license

"	1 each Stud Poker, Draw Poker, Pan and Four card

draw.

"	1 each Roulette, Twenty-One, Dice

Joe Morgan	1 each Craps, Roulette, and Twenty-One.

Las Vegas Club	6	Slot	Machine Licenses.

"	1	each	Pan

"     "	"	2 each Poker and 4 card draw, 30 chairs each

"	"	"	One each Chuck a luck, Twenty-one, Roulette, Faro

2 each Craps and Four Card Draw Poker
Jack Butler	1	Poker Game.

2 each Twenty-one and Craps
Boulder Club Inc.	5	Slot	Machines

1 each, Stud Poker, Draw Poker, Pan.

1 each, 6 Wheel, Twenty-one, Roulette, Faro, Craps
Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioners Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved
and carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted,

Art Schrieber	3 slot machine licenses

Geo. E. Robinson    1	"	"	"

J.W. Woodard	2	"	"	"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the following liquor and beverage licenses be granted. Applications being in
pr per form and money on hand to cover the same.

Al Salton, 111 South 1st St. and John Waterfield, Sal Sagev Hotel, tavern licenses.

Vera Magress, Lehman's Cafe, Walter Hamilton, Wm. Jones, 5½% retail beverage

license.

vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The appointing of a Deputy City Clerk and License Inspector was next brought
before the Board for consideration. After some discussion on the matter, and the consider-
ation of the several applicants it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commis-
sioner Arnett moved and carried that LeRoy Whipple be appointed Deputy City Clerk, to hold
office at the pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners, and to furnish a security company
bond in the sum of Five ($5,000.00) Dollars, from a company qualified to transact business
in the State of Nevada for the current year. The compensation of said office be $150.00
per month.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of the compensation to be paid to Lloyd S. Payne, City Electrical In-
spector while acting as Building and Plumbing Inspector during the installation of the
sewer laterals, and the compensation of A.R. Thompson while acting as Engineer in charge of
the sewer lateral installation was brought before the Board at this time, and on motion
of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that during the
time Mr. Thompson was employed as Engineer in Charge of the Sewer Work that he be paid the
sum of $275.00 per month, same to be paid out of the Sewer Lateral Fund, and that Lloyd S.

Payne be paid the sum of $225.00 per month while filling the office of Building and Plumbing
Inspector with his regular duties as Electrical Inspector.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
All claims presented to the Board at this time in proper form were allowed as
per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the City Clerk.

Reports for the month of June of the City Clerk and Municipal Judge were approved
by the Mayor.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 5th day of July, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Marble, Arnett, and Down,

Mayor Pro Tem German, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the	month	of June as	follows:

$31,646.86	Taxes

120.00	Sale of Cemetery	Lots

1,182.27	Assessment #11

1,166.26	"	#13

789.97	"	#14

995.00	Municipal	Court Fines

3.347.31	Fees,	licenses, and permits

39,237.67

Monies proportioned as follows:

$31,646.86	Taxes proportioned as per Budget

120.00	Cemetery Fund

789.97	Assessment No. 14

1,182.27	"	"	11

1,156.26	"	"	13

2,000.00	Police & Fire Fund

2.342.31	General Fund

$39,237.67	Total

At this time Linton Morgan, Attorney for Peter Pansey appeared before the Board in
regard to the serving of liquors from the Paris Inn Tavern to the Paris Inn Cabaret.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried	that	a	tavern license	be	granted	Nick Lejan	for	120¼	No. 1st St. Application being

in proper	form	and	money on	file	with the	Clerk to	cover	the	same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Commissioner Arnett no.

Was agreed by the Board of Commissioners that the serving of liquors from the Paris
Inn Tavern to the Paris in Cabaret was not a violation of Ordinance No. 203.



No motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that Peter Pansey and Wm. Sikes be granted a license for a tavern at the Exchange
Club, 123 South 1st St.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Commissioner Arnett voting no.

The application of Peter Pansey for a retail liquor license at 110 Fremont St.
was next brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that
the license be denied on the grounds that a sufficient number of retail liquor stores were
operating on Fremont St. sat the present time.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.
Commissioner Arnett not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that Peter Pansey be granted a gaming license for the following games at the Exchange
Club: one poker game, one Crap game, and on Twenty-one game,

publication being in proper form and money on hand to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
Pro Tem voting aye. Noes none.
On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license (5½%) be granted to Rose Distributing Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Marble,	and	Down and His Honor the Mayor

voting aye. Commissioner Arnett not voting. Noes none.	(Pro Tem

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application of Ethel Raoport for a retail "Family Liquor Store" license
price $125.00 be held over until the next meeting of the Board for investigation.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem 
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett	it	was moved	that the

retail beverage license applied for by Ed. E Woods for 133 South	1st St. be granted. 	Application

being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
the 6th day of July at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Friday

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 6th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 6th day of July, 1934 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Arnett, Down
and Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the motion hereto fore passed denying the retail family liquor store license to Peter Pansey
at 110 Fremont St. be rescinded July 5th, 1934 date of said motion denying said license.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett Marble and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. Noes none.



On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett was moved and carried
that the application for a retail family liquor store license made by Peter Pansy for 110 Fremont
Street be granted.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance to amend and Ordinance regulating the distributing and control of intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions
said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise
distributed; providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this
ordinance; and repealing all ordinance and parts of ordinance in conflict therewith," was read
for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and
and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 209.

"An Ordinance to fix, impose and provide for the collection of a license tax on motor
propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the operation and running of the same, within
the City of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of this
ordinance; and repealing Ordinance No. 100, and all Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith," was read for a first time and and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Arnett,
Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 210 of the City of Las Vegas.

City Clerk was directed to have s id Ordinance No. 210 published in the Las Vegas
Review-Journal for two issues that is to say once a week for two consecutive weeks.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 16th day of July, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada.

July 16th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 16th day of July 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners
Arnett, Marble, and Down, City Clerk and Deputy City Attorney.
Absent Mayor Cragin.

This being the time set for the opening for bids for the furnishing of the City of Las
Vegas, all department, with gas and a number of bids being, received by the Clerk, at the direct-
ion of the Mayor Pro Tem all bids were opened.

No decision was reached on the matter and said bids were handed to Commissioner Marble
and Street Supt. King for tabulation, on motion introduced by Commissioner Arnett seconded by
Commissioner Down.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German
voting aye. Noes none.

Board

Mr. Ryan and Mr. Minter appeared before the in regard to the improving of Stewart St.
it having been reported to the Board that on checking the petition handed the Board at a previous
meeting that a sufficient number of interested property owners had signed said petition.

No action was taken on the matter.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that a retail family liquor store license in the sum of $125.00 per quarter be granted
to Ethel Rapoport for 28 Fremont St. Application being in proper form and money on file with
the City Clerk to cover same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of	Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner	Marble	it was moved	and

carried	that a retail	family liquor	store license be granted to Sebastian	Mickulich for	812

Fremont St. Said license to be $50.00 per quarter.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Mayor Pro Tem
German voting aye. Commissioner Down not voting. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that Ted Konduras be granted a retail beverage license (5¼%) for the Sal Sagev Coffee Shop.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that the tavern license heretofore had by John Graglia for the Apache Bar be issued to
P.O. 	Salivgni on proof of ownership	presented to the Board at this	time.

Vote on said	motion was as	follows: Commissioners Arnett,	Marble	and Down and	Mayor Pro

Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

No motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that truck and equipment for street department be left up to the discretion of the
Street Commissioner H.P. Marble and Street Supt. King.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following Slot
Machine licenses were granted for the third quarter year.

Las Vegas Club	1	State Cafe	2

White Spot Cafe	3	W.J.	Lincoln	1

Bert Smith	1	Jack	Weisberger	3

E.D. Ciliax	2	J.R.	Mc Michael	1

City Drug Store	3	W.E. Ferron	8

Vegas Sweet	Shoppe	33	L.L.	Arnett	36

B.P. Bihlmaier	22

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

No further business coming before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 20th day of July, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 13th, 1934.

SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada,

July 17th, 1934.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
to be held at the Board room of said Board on Tuesday the 17th day of July, 1934, at the hour
of seven thirty o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the reading, passage and

adoption of an Ordinance to help remedy the water situation in the City of Las Vegas.

You will govern yourself accordingly.

W.C. German

Mayor Pro Tem.

Las Vegas. Nevada,

July 17th, 1934.

To- W.C. German, Mayor Pro Tem, and to Commissioners

L.L. Arnett, H.P. Marble and Jas. H. Down.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Las Vegas a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's
office on Tuesday the 17th day of July at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. to consider
and act upon the reading passage and adoption of an Ordinance to help remedy the water sit-
uation in the City of Las Vegas.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

We, the undersigned, being Mayor Pro Tem and acting Mayor of the City of Las Vegas,
and members of the Board	of	City	Commission,	do	hereby	admit	due service	of	the	foregoing

notice	of a special	meeting	on	the	17th	day of	July,	1934 at	the hour	of	seven thirty	(7:30)

o'clock P.M. and also represent that E.W. Cragin, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas is absent
from said City and State and at this time his address is not ascertainable.

W.C. German	L.L.	Arnett

Mayor Pro	Tem	H.P.	Marble,

Jas. H. Down.

City Commissioners.

Minutes of a Special Called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 17th day of July, 1934 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners
Down, Arnett, and Marble, Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, and City Attorney Henderson.

At this time the Board, representatives of the Las Vegas Land and Water Co. and a
number of interested citizens entered into a discussion on the water situation in the City
of Las Vegas as the wells providing the City water system is fast receding.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter the following entitled ordinance was passed
as an emergency measure.

"An Emergency Ordinance to prohibit the waste of water; defining waste of water;
regulating the use thereof; limiting the time during which water may be used for sprinkling
or irrigating, and providing penalties for the violation of this Ordinance, and repealing all
ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first and second time and passed as an
emergency measure on second reading on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and
Down, and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

Said ordinance to be in full force and effect from and after its complete pub-
lication in the Las Vegas Review Journal, on July 18th, and 25th, and same to be effective
on and after Aug. 2nd to Sept. 15th 1934 inclusive.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 20th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 20th day of July, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Arnett,

Marble and Down, Deputy City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

Jack Wagner appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the license of the
Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corp. of which he had been one of the members and ask that the
license granted under the application signed by him be cancelled.

The Clerk was directed to write P. Waldman, Manager of said corporation and ask
that he appear before the Board on July 24th and present the names of the member of the
corporation to the Board for their approval.
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the Apache Club be granted one crap table license for the third quarter year. Application
being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.
Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the license heretofore granted to Peter Pansey for a retail liquor store at 110 Fremont
Street be revoked on the grounds that a sum of money ($125.00) sufficient to cover said
license has never been on deposit at the First State Bank to cover said check given for said
license since the granting of said license. License had not been issued awaiting the money
on said Check.

Vote on said motion was was follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that 2 slot machine licenses be granted to J.T. Watters and one slot machine license
be granted to A.H. Stevenson.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that Commissioner H P. Marble be granted thirty day leave of absence.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem Germain voting
aye. Noes none. Commissioner Marble not voting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday July 24th, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 24th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas Nevada held on the 24th day of July 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble
German and Down City Attorney and City Clerk

The cancelling of the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation license heretofore granted
to the said corporation on application applied for by J.H. wagner was brought before the
Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that
said license to the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation be cancelled.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that a license be granted to the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation for license to
operate a wholesale liquor business in the City of Las Vegas for the third quarter year.

Said application being signed by P. Waldman as manager.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner Arnett not voting. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that four slot machine licenses be granted to L.L. Arnett.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The licensing of Four Card Draw Poker games in the City of Las Vegas was next brought
before the Board for consideration, and after some discussion on the matter on motion of
Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was

RESOLVED, that the Resolution heretofore adopted restricting the operation
of Four Card Draw Poker games to a seating capacity not exceeding thirty
chairs for each game be and the same is hereby rescinded,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Four Card Draw Poker Games may in the dis-
cretion of the Board, be allowed to be played and conducted in said City at
games where the seating capacity at each game shall not exceed sixty chairs,
provided that the license for the conduct of such game shall be $7.50 per quarter
for each thirty chairs or fraction thereof,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all Four Card Draw Games shall be operated by the
use of playing cards, 52 cards in the deck, each card to be drawn from a regular
Faro Bank card box, and all cards called by a dealer or indicated by electrical
board. No Four Card Draw Game to be conducted in any other manner or by any
other scheme or device. Players cards to be sold players for one uniform price
and such price to be posted so as to be easily seen by the players.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble, and
German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
On motion of Mayor Cragin, seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that
the City Street Department purchase a Ford pick up truck for use of that department.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Arnett, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none. Commissioner Marble not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the City Street Department purchase a quantity of oil bound gravel to be used on the City
streets where in the opinion of The Street Supt. Mr. J.P. King it would be satisfactory to use
such material.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 4th, 1934.

	Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held on the 4th day of August 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, and German, City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Marble.

All claims allowed as per claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

A number of apartment house and cabin court owners appeared before the Board in regard
to the licensing of apartment houses in the City of Las Vegas. No decision was reached at this
time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 8th day of August, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

AUGUST 8th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of August, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German and Arnett,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Marble and Down.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that from and after this date permits granted by the City Street Supt.
for the construction of driveways in conformity with Ordinance No. 172 of said City
shall not exceed in width twenty-five (25) lineal feet, on all streets within said
City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, and German and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was
RESOLVED, that from and after this date it shall be unlawful for gasoline
and other motor vehicle trucks to park said gasoline or other motor vehicle trucks
on the following named streets, except for the purpose of loading and unloading
and then only for a period of twenty minutes at any one time:

Fremont Street from the west line of Main Street to the east line of Third Street
and for one block on each side of said Fremont Street within said limits.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, and German and
is Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

Dave Stearns	2 Slot Machine licenses

Jack Weisberger	1	"	"	"

Art Schrieber	1	"	"	"

E.P. Bihlmaier	4	"	"	"
Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On Motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that the bond of the Nevada Supply Company for five hundred dollars be approved.
Said bond to insure the City of Las Vegas for the collection of the excise tax placed on the
sale of beer in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

Money received for the month of July as follows:

$11,073.55	Permits and licenses

307.00	Police Fines

180.00	Sewer Bond Fund

147.50	Sale of cemetery	lots.

$11,708.05	Total

Money proportioned as follows:

$8,380.55	General Fund

3,000.00	P and F Fund

147.50	Cemetery Fund

180.00	Sewer Bond (lateral) fund
$11,708.05	Total

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

No further business being brought before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 15th day of August, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 15th, 1934.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on the 15th day of August 1934.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioner Down Deputy City Attorney

Marshall.

Absent Commissioners Arnett, German and Marble.

After calling the roll and finding that a quorum was not present the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of Sept. 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German,
Marble and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and Warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money received for the month of August as follows:

$2,756.30 Licenses and Fees.

70.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

_____597.00 Police Court Fines

3,423.39 Total Collections.

Money proportioned as follows:

$3,384.39 General Fund

70.00	Cemetery Fund
3,423.39 Total proportioned
At the direction of the Finance Commissioner Mr. Arnett the following sums were transferred
 from the General Fund to the following funds:

$1,500.00	P and F Fund

1,500.00	Street Fund

500.00	Library Expense	Fund

200.00	W.S. & L. Fund

323.91	Bend Interest Fund.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
until Wednesday the 5th day of September, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 5th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 5th day of September 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett and Marble,

City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Down.

Commissioner Marble was appointed by the Mayor to approve the remaining claims of the
Police and Fire Dept. and the Water Sewer and Light Dept. owing to the absent of the Com-
missioners of those departments.

The business of transferring liquor licenses from one location to another was brought
before the Board at that time, and on motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner
Marble the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolve that in accordance with the powers given the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas under and by virtue of Ordinance No. 203 of said City, any and all permits
granted and licenses issued may on request of the holder be modified so as to permit a change in
the place of business where such business is to be conducted, provided that before making any
change in the location the holder of any license granted under Ordinance No. 203 shall made
application to the Board of City Commissioners praying for privilege of changing the location
of the said business.

Vote on the Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the license granted to M. Rose for 121 South Main Street in the City of Las Vegas
be transferred to 106 Fremont St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the following licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money on
file with the Clerk to cover the same.

To J.H. Morgan, Sebastain Mikulich, and W.H. Ross 5½% beverage licenses.

To Jack Weisberger 1 slot machine license.

To J.H. Morgan 2 four card draw poker games for 104 No. 1st St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An Ordnance entitled, "An Ordinance to fix, impose and provide for the collection of a
license tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the operation and
running of the same, within the City of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the violation of any of
the provisions of this ordinance and repealing Ordinance No. 100 and all ordinances or parts
of ordinances in conflict herewith,"" was read for a second time and passed by the following
vote: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

This to be known as ordinance No. 210 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be effective
October 1st, 1934.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 7th day of September, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
SEPTEMBER 7th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 7th day of September 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German,
Down and Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the Board entered into a lengthy discussion the the handling of garbage
in the City of Las Vegas, and ways and means of financing the same.

After spending considerable time on the matter and no decision being reached the
meeting recessed to meet on the 12th day of September 1934 at the hour three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
SEPTEMBER 12th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 12th day of September 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble,
and German, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that W.C. German Police Commissioner be granted a thirty day leave of absence.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner German not voting.

Mr. Silva from the N.E.R.A. office appeared before the Board with necessary papers for
the sewer cleaning project to be conducted under the N.E.R.A. Said papers were executed by
the Mayor and the required number of the Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. The project
to cost the City approximately $72.00 for transportation, equipment and tools.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the bond of the Outpost Trading Company be approved by the Board. Said bond being
from a company qualified to transact business in the State of Nevada for the present year, and
said bond being in proper form, said form being approved by City Attorney Henderson.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Marble and Arnett and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner German being excused before the motion was introduced.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 19th day of September at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 19th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 19th day of September 1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll Call showed the following present Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down, City Attorney
Henderson, and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, and Commissioner German.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
Commissioner Down act as Chairman of the meeting owing to the absence of both the Mayor and
Mayor Pro Tem.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble and Arnett and Acting Mayor Jas. H. Down voting Aye.
Noes none.
At this time a petition signed by a number of the Tavern owners in the City of Las Vegas
was presented to the Board after the same had been filed with the City Clerk, asking the said
Board of Commissioner to amend Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas governing the sale of
liquor in said City and particular that section licensing "family liquors stores" praying that
the license for the same be prohibited,

After some discussion on the matter it was decided to take the matter up when there would be
a four fifths majority or more of the Board of City Commissioner present and a deligation from the
taverns. Time of said meeting was sent for the 5th day of October 1934 at the hour of seven
thirty o'clock P.M.

At this time the question of the collection and disposal of garbage and refuse coming before
the Board of City Commissioners, on motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Arnett
the following preambles and resolutions were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, for some time past, and up to the first day of August, 1934, garbage and refuse in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has been collected and disposed of under and by virtue of a con-
tract heretofore given by the City to an individual, and

WHEREAS, said contract expired on the first day of August, 1934, and garbage and refuse
ceased to be collected by the contractor having said contract, and

WHEREAS, it became and was necessary for the proper sanitation and the protection of life
and health in the said City, for the Board of City Commissioners to provide a method for the
disposal of garbage and refuse, and



WHEREAS, the methods of the collection and disposal of garbage and the refuse under the con-
tract system did not prove adequate or satisfactory, and

WHEREAS, it appears to the Board that it would be more satisfactory and for the the best
interests of the City that in order to properly collect and dispose of said garbage and refuse,

and in order to safeguard the health and life of the citizens of said City, that the City should
undertake the collection and disposal of the same, NOW THEREFORE

BE IT RESOLVED that until the further order of the Board, the matter of collection and dis-
posal of garbage and refuse be done by the City, under the supervision of the water works, sew-
erage and light Commissioner, and that the said Commissioner be and be is hereby empowered to make
such arrangements as may be necessary for the proper collection and disposal of the garbage and
refuse of said City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of paying the costs thereof over and above the
amount that may come from direct taxation, charges may be, and the same are hereby assessed to
the residences and businesses in the City of Las Vegas, as follows, to-wit:

Residences - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  ---------- - - - - - - — - - - $.50

per month

Offices buildings - - - - - - - - - - - - - -	- —------ - - --	— - --.10 per room per mon.

Banks, beauty shops, dairied, dry cleaners, light and telephone companies
electrical agencies and stores, funeral undertaking parlors, oil companies
and oil distributors, battery shops and stores, barber shops, bathing pools,
auto courts, cabin courts, apartment, apartment houses, rooming houses,
service stations, used car establishments, retail beverage establishments,
laundries, key and repair shops, sheet metal and iron works, tin shops,
newsstands, florists an gift shops, second hand stores, poultry dealers,
automobile supply stores, jewelry stores, automobile tire store, plumbing and
fixture stores, tobacco stores, plumbing establishments, pool halls, studios

and photo shops, real estate agencies, soft drink parlors, tailor shops- - - - - - - - $1.00 per

month.

Restaurants, cafes, lunch rooms and eating houses - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - -	$2.50 per month

Grocery stores, retail or wholesale, clubs, taverns,
liquor realers, etc; hardware stores, hotels, drug

stores and cabarets, - - - - - - -  --------- - -	- - -    -     -----------------$2.50 per month

Dry goods stores, dress shops, variety stores and shoe stores - - - -	- - - — -$2.50 per month

Hospitals and clinics- - - - —   - - ------------ --------- - - - - - -	-----------$3.00 per month

Any and all businesses not hereinabove mentioned shall pay a minimum of 75@ per month; and any
and all businesses engages in more than one business under one designation shall pay only for the
business conducted therein paying the maximum price per month.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the prices hereinabove mentioned shall be a flat monthly charge
for the regular collection of garbage and refuse from residences and places of business; provided
however, that if the garbage shall exceed thirty (30) gallons per day, then an additional charge
of 50¢ for each ten (10) gallons shall be collected per month; provided, further, that if the
refuse shall exceed one cubic yard per day, then an additional charge of 50¢ per cubic yard shall
be charged per month.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that in residence districts there shall be a least two (2) coll-
ections per week, and in the business district here shall be at least six (6) collections per week;
provided, however, that garbage and refuse of said City shall be collected as often as may be
necessary to keep the said City in a clean and sanitary condition.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all garbage and refuse shall be kept by the person in charge or
control of any residence or business, in a suitable and sufficient can or receptacle adequate to
contain the same without leakage or escape of odors, and shall have a tight fitting cover; and
no garbage or refuse shall be placed or kept in any public street, alley, sidewalk, or any public
place, but shall be placed on the premises ao as to be readily accessible for removing and empty-
ing the garbage and refuse there from by the collector.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of this resolution the work "garbage" shall
mean and include all animal and vegetable refuse from kitchens and all household wastes that
shall have been prepared for or intended to be used as food and of animal or vegetable refuse
from establishments where foodstuffs intended for human consumption shall be handled commerci-
ally; and the work "refuse" as used in this resolution shall mena and include crockery, bottles,
tin cans, metal vessels, trimmings from lawns, trees, and flower gardens, pasteboard boxes,
rags, paper, straw, sawdust, packing material, shavings, boxes, ashes and all rubbish or other
refuse.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of aiding the City in the costs of keeping
the City clean and sanitary, and for the purpose of making the said garbage saleable, that no
glass, coffee grounds, or other substances rendering such garbage unfit for the consumption of
animals, shall be mixed therewith, but such garbage shall be placed in the refuse container.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the garbage shall not be busied at any place in the City of Las
Vegas at any point which is closer than five hundred (500) feet to a residence, business house,
or habitation; and garbage shall not be burned within the limits of the City of Las Vegas unless
such burning is conducted in a properly built sanitary incinerator, having a stack sufficiently
high to control all odors; and under no condition shall garbage be burned without first having
had and obtained a perm t from the City Health Officer allowing the same.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that no person shall sell or dispose of any garbage or refuse, and
that all of the same must be delivered to the City of Las Vegas, its agents or contractors,
for removal or disposal; provided, however, that this rule shall not be construed so as to pre-
vent the feeding of garbage to chickens on the premises where such garbage is produced; pro-
vided the premises are kept in a sanitary condition and to the satisfaction of the City Health
Officer.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the water works, sewerage and light Commissioner shall hake
such rules and regulations as may be necessary and expedient for carrying into effest this
resolution and in order to properly keep said City in a clean and sanitary condition; such rules
however, to be approved by the Board of City Commissioners.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that it shall be the duty of the City Clerk or the duly appointed
city license collector, to collect the aforementioned charges on or before the 5th day of each
month, said collections being for the preceding month.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble and the Acting
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the 4th day of October 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down, City Attorney and City Clerk

Commissioner German absent by leave.

All Claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of the City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money received before the month of September as follows:

$538.00 Municipal Court Fines.

195.00 Sale of cemetery lots
80100 Street work materials for Stewart St.

442.30 Sewer Laterals.

3,175.51 Licenses, fees, and beer tax
$4,430.81
Money proportioned as follows:

$442.30 Sewer Lateral Fund

195.00	Cemetery Fund.

1,500.00 P and F Fund

1,280.00 Street Fund

1,013.51 W.S. & L. Fund
$4,430.81

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the bond of the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation had with the Hartford Accident and In-
demnity Company be approved. Said bond is to cover the collection and payment of beer excise tax
as same is set forth in Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the City Clerk was instructed
to call for bids on a moderate priced car to be used by the City Clerk, and Deputy City Clerk in
the carring on of the business of that office.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that
the following slot machine licenses be granted:

J.K. Houssel	3 slot machine licenses for Sal Sagev Tavern.

Art Schreiber	4	"	"	"

J. W. Woodard	1	"	"	"

Peter Pansy and Sykes 3	"	"

C.B. Singleton	2	"	"

W.K. Styles	2	"	"	"

Dave Stearns	2	"	"	"

A.E. King Ellison	1	"	"	"

Frank Kernan	2	"	"	"

J.T. Watters	6	"	"	"

Cut Rate Market	1	"	"	"

Applications being in proper form and monty on hand to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

On Motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the following gaming licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file
with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Las Vegas Club, 4 slot machines, 3 card games four devices

Boulder Club, 5 slot machines, three card games and 6 devices.

Big Four Club, 1, Poker game, 3 devices.

Wm. Jones 1 Poker game.

Apache Casino, four devices

Northern Club, three Slot Machines, three poker games, four devices.

J.H. Morgan three devices.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a gaming license for the following be granted to Robert Lilly. Application being in proper
form and money on hand to cover the same.

Each Pan and Poker, three devices.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A.S. Henderson, City Attorney ruled that four beds could be allowed to a room in a cot house.

A. Levy appeared before the Board in regard to operating a cleaning establishment at 116
Fremont St. in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
no permit be allowed Mr. Levy on the grounds that a building housing dry cleaning could not be erected
on said property in accordance with the City ordinance governing the buildings housing dry clean-
ing establishments. The City lot to be used not being of the size to meet the requirements of the
ordinance.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a retail liquor license for a family liquor store be granted to A. Spatz, a Club Liquor license to
the B.P.O.E. Lodge, to Anna Brozzi for retail beverage, and to W. Ross for a tavern. Applications
being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The applications of C.B. Singleton, for family liquor store license, D. Curto and W.H.

Garret for retrail beverage were held over pending investigations.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that two
"four card draw poker" licenses be issued J.H. Morgan for 104 North 1st St.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 8th day of October, 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 8th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 8th day of October 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett,	Marble,

and Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German by leave.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application of Jack Weisberger for five slot machine licenses be granted. Application
being in proper form and money on hand to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a family liquor store license be granted to Eli Nickerson, and a retail beverage license
be granted to W.H. Garrett. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to
cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

At this time the business of again licensing "Keno" in the City was brought before the
Board for consideration, as it had been called to the attention of the Board that the County of
Clark had issued a license for the operation of a Keno game in North Las Vegas, and that it was
seriously effecting the business of the City of Las Vegas.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter it was moved on motion of Commissioner Arnett
and seconded by Commissioner Marble that the City of Las Vegas again license "Keno" in the said
City, and that the license for same be $15.00 per calendar quarter as same is set forth in City
Ordinance No. 165, and that for each and every chair used in said "Keno" game that there be also
paid the City the sum of $1.50 per chair.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Commissioner Down not voting. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the Las Vegas Club and the Apache Club each be granted a "Keno" license. Application being
proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Mr. J.W. Byrnes, appeared before the Hoard at this time and ask that the license issued the
Northern Club be revoked on the grounds that winnings made by the said W.J. Byrnes had not been
paid. A number of witnesses were presented to the Board both in verifying the non-payment of the
winnings and the reason same should not be paid.

After some discussion on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett,

RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas advise the Northern Club, operated
by Dave Stearns and Elmer Sorber, in the City of Las Vegas, that on the account of its failure
to pay losses they are required to show cause for such action on or before Monday the 15th day
of October, to said license would be revoked.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 15th day of October. 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 15th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of October, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners, Arnett, Down and Marble, Mayor Cragin,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Commissioner German absent by leave.

At this time the City continued the hearing of the complaint of W.J. Byrnes against the
Northern Club, and the owners of said Club appeared before the Board to show cause of the losses
not being paid.

The following were called as witnesses each being sworn in by the Clerk; P.K. Skelley,

Nash McCleery, Bert, Gardner, Glenn Frazier, Louis Miller, Fred Brickie, C.W.Westly, W.J. Jolin
and Nr. La Vere.

After hearing this evidence and both sides asking for time to secure evidence and affi-
davits the time was extended by the Board to Monday Oct. 22nd, 1934 at the hour 7 P.M.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that the
application for license to operate a family liquor store by C.B. Singleton be denied on the grounds
that the School Board of the City of Las Vegas recommended the denial of such license on the
grounds that the building housing same is too near school and said place of business is often
frequented by children of school age.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Commissioner Down voting no.
On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble the following slot machine
licenses were granted:

E.D. Ciliax	2	White Spat Cafe	3

A.H. Stevenson	1	W.E.Ferron	g

L.L. Arnett	37	E.P. Bihlmaier	23

All applications being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and	and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Oh motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following licenses be granted:

Lee & Skelly and W.E. Kelly retail beverage licenses.

Las Vegas Liquor Distributors Inc. Whle. liquor license.

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.



No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Monday
the 22nd of October 1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 22nd, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 22nd day of October, 1934 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll called showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Deputy City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German on leave.

This being the time set for the hearing of more and further evidence and presenting of
affidavits in the case of W.J. Byrnes vs. The Northern Club and none being forthcoming, Mayor
E.W. Cragin presented to the Board the release from W.J. Byrnes to Northern Club.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved
and carried that the settlement had between the Northern Club and W.J. Bynes he accepted, and
that the case be considered closed.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that the
following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover
the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vegas Sweet Shoppe 26 Slot Machine licenses.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a Roulette License be granted to M.P. Funk for the Sal Sagev Hotel Casino.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that two taxi cab licenses be granted. Applications being accompanied by the necessary bond
covering public liability and personal property damage as is provided by City Ordinance. Said
licenses issued to Boulder Taxi and Blue Cab company for one and two cars respectively.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayorvoting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 5th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 5th day of November, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and
Downs, City Clerk and Deputy City Attorney.

Absent City Attorney Henderson.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money Received for the month of October as follows,

$16,285.02 Licenses, fees and Misc. collections
296.05 Sale of Street Materials

204.00	Poll Tax

90.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots
430.45 Garbage collections to W.S. & L. Fund
76.42 Moving light line Westside

_____408.00 Municipal Court Fines

17,789.94 Total Collections

Money proportioned as follows:

$6,500.00 P and F Fund

4,475.00	Street Fund

2,800.00	W.S. & L. Fund
90.00 Cemetery Fund

3.924.94 General Fund
$17,789.94 Total

Mrs. Harris appeared before the Board in regard to her husband securing work of some
kind with the City. She was told that his name would be kept on file in case a opening appeared
in his line.

At this time a plan was presented to the Board of City Commissioners from the American
Legion Post No. 8 for the erection of a municipal building on the City owned property at the
corner of 5th & Stewart St.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the letter be handed the City Attorney and that he investigate the legal proceedings
in regarding the use of said ground for a building, and the necessary steps to be taken.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the bond of the Chief of Police be increased from the sum of Two Thousand Dollars to the
sum of Ten Thousand Dollars.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the City from its Publicity Fund donate the sum of Two Hundred Dollars to be used in adver-
tising the "Question No. 1." on the ballot at the coming election. Said advertising to be carried
on through the Chamber of Commerce.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a "Keno" license be granted to the Gordon Holding Company for 104 No. 1st St. Application being
in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.	

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
v ting aye. Noes none.

At this time the. Board entered into a discussion on the license for family liquor stores.
There being some dissatisfaction among the tavern owners as to the operation and license of the
family liquor stores. No action was taken at this time but the City Clerk was directed to write
each family liquor store manager and inform them of a meeting to be held on Nov. 15th, 1934
a which time the managers of the family liquor stores and the tavern owners could express their
opinions to the Board of City Commissioners.

The City Attorney was instructed to draw up a form of ordinance governing the drinking of
liquors on the public streets and places of the City of Las Vegas, and also on soliciting of
merchandise from door to door.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that three taxi cab licenses be granted to the following. Applications being in proper form and
the bond as is required by City Ordinance governing public liability and property damage accompanying
 them.

Lee Spiers, J.F. Foremaster and Harry Shade.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.
On motion of His Honor the Mayor seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved

and carried that the City Clerk write W.C. German, Police and Fire Commissioner in regard to the
employees of the Police Dept. who have received sick and accident benefits from the Nevada
Industrial Commission as well as full salary for time off and that they be informed that they reinburse

the City the amount they have received from the Commission.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the Amended form of Budget as prepared by A.W. Blackman be adopted in substantially the
following form;

City of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1934

AMENDED
CITY BUDGETS

ANNUAL BUDGET OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS. 1934

Information Required:	Actual	Estimated

1933	1934

Assessed Valuation-

Realty	$4,447,366.00	$4,200,000.00

Improvements

Personal	347.381.00	350.000.00 

Totals	$ 4,794,747.00	4,550,000.00

Tax Rate for 1933	$1.15

City tax levied, 1933	$55,139.59

A.	Unencumbered balance in city treasury

on January 1, 1934	$39,100.01

B.	Revenue from taxes already levied	34,671.58

C.	Nontax revenues in 1934, estimated	60,000.00

D.	Expenditures 1934, estimated	138,784.88

E.	Nontax revenues in 1935, estimated	37,308.29

F.	Expenditures in 1935, estimated	100,545.00

Explanation:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total less warrants outstanding on January 1.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied in the previous lear and
uncollected, and collections from taxes now delinquent.

C.	See Schedule No. 1, Col. 2

D.	See Schedule No. 2, Col. 2.

E.	See Schedule No. 1, Col. 3.

F.	See Schedule No. 2, Col. 3.

Note-- As taxes levied in 1934 will be used for 1935 expenses it is necessary to include 1935
estimates in the 1934 budget. These estimates will be revised in 1935 budget.

SCHEDULE NUMBER 1	Page 2.

REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

Amended	Actual	Estimated	Estimated

General Fund:	1933	1934	1935

Licenses	$45,016.03	$48,000.00	 $25,308.29

Fines and	fees	16,502.10	5,000.00	5,000.00

Permits	1,097.90	1,000.00	1,000.00

Poll Tax	5,574.00	5,000.00	5,000.00

Sales and rentals	1,091.75	-0-

Interest on	City Funds	17.50

Cemetery	1.680.00	1.000.00	1.000.00

Total	70,979.28	60,000.00	37,308.29

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2	PAGE 3

City Expenditures
Amended

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1933	1934	1935

Administration salaries	$	7,410.00	$	6,060.00	1,000.00

Administrative expenses	-0-	2,195.00	2,000.00

Police Salaries	24,979.78	24,183.00	28,000.00

Police Department expenses	15,615.23	6,742.00	6,000.00

Fire department salaries	-0-	600.00	350.00

Fire department expenses	-0-	6,878.00	4,000.00

Street Department salaries	15,027.48	13,980.00	10,500.00

Street department expenses	16,382.00	9,566.88	7,000.00

City parks	-0-	2,980.00	3,000.00

Legal expenses	-0-	2,400.00	2,000.00

City Court	-0-	1,300.00	800.00

Electric lights and	power	-0-	12,550.00	6,000.00

Motor Vehicles	-0-	-0- 	-0-

Sewage disposal	11,957.61	3,066.00	2,000.00
SCHEDULE NUMBER 2 CONTINUED

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1933	1934	1935

Health and sanitation garbage	-0-	$ 6,024.00	$ 7,250.00

Tourist camps	-0-	-0-	-0-

Airports	-0-	-0-	-0-

City Hall expenses	-0-	-0-	-0-

Insurance, fire	-0-	400.00	800.00

Insurance, industrial	-0-	1,300.00	800.00

City band	-0-	-0-	100.00

Bond redemption	$7,000.00	13,000.00	10,000.00

Bond interest	11,795.00	12,460.00	5,345.00

General expense		16,980.00	10,000.00	—0—

Public Library	1,200.00	1,300.00	900.00

Publicity	 1,050.00_	 -0-____ ________-0-_______

Total	$132,929.93	138,784.88	100,445.00

BUDGET FORMULA	Page 4

Amended.

Receipts _	______Expenditures____

A.	Unencumbered balance January 1, 1934	$39,100.01

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied	34,671.58

C.	Nontax revenues 193	60,000.00

D. Expenditures 193	138,784.88

E.	Nontax revenues 193	37,308.29

F. Expenditures 193	100,545.00

G. Balance, taxes to be levied	68,250.00 __________________________

Total (Receipts equal expenditures)	239,329.88	239,329.88

H.	Divide G. by assessed valuation to find tax rate	$1.50

We hereby approve the above budget of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the year 1934.

E.W. Cragin,

Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk
Dated Nov. 5, 1934.

(City seal)

Page 5

FORM FOR PUBLICATION Amended

ESTIMATED RECEIPTS AND EXPENDITURES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
FOR THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 1934.

Actual	Estimated

1933	1934

Receipts:

Licenses	$ 45,016.03	$ 48,000.00

Fines and fees		16,502.10	5,000.00

Permits and inspections		1,097.90	1,000.00

Poll Taxes	5,574.00	5,000.00

County road funds	-0-	-0-

Rentals and sales	1,091.75	-0-

Percent corporate earnings
Bond sales and loans

Miscellaneous		1,697.50	1,000.00

Taxes collected	 51,012.02	68,250.00

Total	121,991.30	128,250.00

Expenditures:

Administration	$	7,410.00	8,255.00

Police Department	40,595.01	30,925.00

Fire department	-0-	7,478.00

Streets and alleys	31,410.38	23,546.88

Power, light and water	11,957.61	12,550.00

City court and legal expenses	-0-	3,700.00

Health and sanitation	-0-	6,024.00

Sewage disposal	-0-	3,066.00

Motor vehicle expense	-0-	-0-

City Parks	-0-	2,980.00

Debt redemption and interest	18,795.00	25,460.00

Miscellaneous	22,761.93	14,800.00

Total	132,929.93	128,784.88

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the current year as required by Section 9, Chapter 42, Laws of
Nevada, 1923.

Attest:

Viola Burns	(Signed) E.W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor.

Dated Nov. 5, 1934.

(City Seal)

Vote on the above Resolution, the adopting of said budget was as follows, Commissioners
Arnett, Marble German and Down and His  Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said budget published once each week for two consecutive
weeks in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, as is required by the Laws of Nevada.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 15th day of November, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 15th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 15th day of November 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll called showed the following present Mayor Cragin Commissioners Marble, German, Down
and Arnett, City attorney and City Clerk.

At this time a number of interested Tavern owners and family liquor store operators appeared
before the Board in regard to a change in the rate of license fees for family liquor stores.

Mr. A.W. Ham, Attorney for the tavern owners appeared for that body and urged a higher lic-
ense fee for family liquor stores, and Mrs. Rapoport, Mr. Rose and and Mr. Markisch spoke in favor
of the present license fee for said stores. No action was taken on the matter at this time.

The beauty parlor operators filed with the City Clerk a petition asking for an ordinance to
set the hours beauty parlors may be open in said City which the Clerk presented to the Board.

Said petition was handed to City Attorney Henderson for investigation as to the passage of such
and ordinance.

A petition signed by a number of meat salesmen and stores asking the City to pass an ordin-
ance governing the price for which meat might be sold in the City of Las Vegas was presented to
the Board at this time, same was given to City Attorney Henderson for answering.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried tat
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

State Cafe	2	Outpost Trading	Co.	1

Sweet Shoppe	1	W.J. Lincoln	1

L.L. Arnett	3	City Drug Store	3

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a beverage license 5½% be granted to each The Gordon Holding Co; and Lafe Norwood. Applications
being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application for license of Dominic Curto for a beverage license (5½%) at 206 Wilson Ave;
Westside be denied on the grounds that the location was in too close proximity to residences,
and said citizens in said locality protesting the granting of such license.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the application of Leona Mason for a "family liquor store" license for 227 North Third St.
be denied on the grounds of the nearness of said building to the Federal Building and the many
residences in said vicinity.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the liquor license issued to the Las Vegas Liquor Distributors Inc. be transferred from 508
South Main St. to 830 South Main St;

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and
his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance to prohibit the drinking of intoxicating liquors in any public place or in
vehicles in any public place in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and providing a punishment there-
for," was read for a first time and directed published in the Las Vegas Review-Journal for a
period of two weeks, that is to say once each week for two consecutive weeks. Said Ordinance
to be known as Ordinance No. 212 of the City of Las Vegas, and adopted by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance forbidding solicitors, peddlers, hawkers, itinerant merchants and trans-
ient vendors of merchandise from trespassing in and upon private residences when uninvited to
to do by the owners and occupants of said private residences, in soliciting and attempting
to solicit orders, or in selling and exposing for sale wares and merchandise, and declaring such
soliciting to be a nuisance, and fixing the penalty for committing such nuisances," was
read for a first time and adopted by the following vote, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The Clerk as directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Review Journal
for a period of two weeks, that is to said once each week for two consecutive weeks.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 28th day of November, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 28th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 28th day of November 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

The question of the awarding the bids presented for materials to be used on the sewer lateral
system in the City of Las Vegas, now under construction was brought before the Board for consider-
ation.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Arnett it was moved and carried that Commissioner Down handle awarding of all bids on the pur-
chasing of materials used in the installation of the sewer lateral system.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of beauty shoppe operators appeared before the Board requesting a
change in the ordinance governing beauty shops.

No decision was reached on the matter and the operators were ask to appear before the
Board at December 4th, 1934 with a outline of the proposed ordinance.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following slot machine
licenses were granted:

Outpost Trading Company	2	L.L. Arnett	4

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	1	Art Schreiber	2

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that C.V.T. Gilbert be granted a "family liquor store" license $50.00, and Anna Lujan a retail
beverage license price $10.00.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble end Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Ted Homan appeared before that Beard at this time in regard to securing the use of the
City street graders for leveling off the site of the old airport. No definite decision was
given at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of December
1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call: Mayor E.W. Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
and Down and the City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Money received for the month of November as follows:

$1,013.02 Sale of street Materials
1,953.29 Misc. licenses, fees and permits
551.95 Garbage Fees

276.00	Municipal Court Fines

162.50	Cemetery lot sales

32.50	Sewer lateral materials
253.75 Library savings certificated

$4,243.01 Total co lections.

Money proportioned as follows:

$1,013.02 Street Fund
2,781.24 General Fund

162.50	Cemetery Fund
253.75 Library Checking Fund

32.50	Sewer Lateral Fund
$4,243.91 Total

At the direction of the Finance Commissioner the following funds were transferred:

$430.45 from the General Fund to the W.S. & L. Fund
445.55 from the Street Fund to the Sewer Bond Fund
551.95 from the General Fund to the W.S. & L. Fund
On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to D. Curto for 206 Wilson Ave; Westside.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the resignation of Lloyd S. Payne, City Electrical inspector for sometime
past was presented to the Board for consideration. Same to be effective as of December 15th, 1934

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the resignation of Lloyd S. Payne be accepted, and that A.L. Drew, present Supt of the
Garbage Dept. be appointed Electrical Inspector to succeed Mr. Payne and that S.C. Scott be
appointed to take Mr. Drew's place as Supt. of Garbage Collection Dept. for the City of Las
Vegas. Appointments to be effective as of December 17th, 1934.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE DRINKING OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS
IN ANY PUBLIC PLACE OR IN VEHICLES IN ANY PUBLIC PLACE IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AND
PROVIDING A PUNISHMENT THEREFOR," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 212, and to be in full force and effect from this
day forward.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE FORBIDDING SOLICITORS, PEDDLERS, HAWKERS. ITINERANT
MERCHANTS AND TRANSIENT VENDORS OF MERCHANDISE FROM TRESPASSING IN AND UPON PRIVATE RESIDENCES
WHEN UNINVITED SO TO DO BY THE OWNERS AND OCCUPANTS OF SAID PRIVATE RESIDENCES. IN SOLICITING
AND ATTEMPTING TO SOLICIT ORDERS, OR IN SELLING AND EXPOSING FOR SALE WARES AND MERCHANDISE,

AND DECLARING SUCH SOLICITING TO BE A NUISANCE, AND FIXING THE PENALTY FOR COMMITTING SUCH
NUISANCES," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote; Commissioners Arnett,
Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No 213 of the City of Las Vegas and to be in
full force and effect from and after this reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 13th day of December 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. CITY OF LAS VEGAS.
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

DECEMBER 13th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 13th day of December, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call. Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down,

City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time Walter Hunsaker appeared before the Board in regard to securing permission
from the Board of City Commissioners for the erection of a permanent portico over a portion of
the sidewalk on the north east corner of Fremont and Third Sts. Said portico to be a part of
the Rio Grande Oil Company Service station to be erected on the said site.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commiss-
ioner Down it was moved and carried that the matter be referred to the City Planning Commission
for recommendation.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the making, carrying, keeping and selling
of certain weapons and devices," was read for a first time and adopted by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

he City Clerk was directed to have the above mentioned ordinance published in the Las
Vegas Age for a period of two weeks, that is two times as is provided by law. Said Ordinance to
be known as Ordinance No. 214.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 28th day of December, 1934 at the hour of three o'Clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
December 28th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, held on the 28th day of December 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
and Down City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

This being the time agreed upon for the acting upon any and all gaming, slot machine
and liquor licenses applications and there being a number filed with the Clerk the Board at
once considered the granting of same.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following tavern
licenses were granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to
cover same in the sum of $250.00 per tavern.

	R.C. Kanciad for the Big Four Tavern, John Waterfield Sal Sagev Tavern, Joe and May
Williams for the Rex Tavern, Sam Stearns for the Nevada Tavern, Al Salton for Al's Tavern,

P.O. Salvagni for the Apache Tavern, Boulder Drug Co. Inc. for the Mission Tavern, Art Schreiber
for the Barrel House, Elmer Sorber for the Northern Tavern, Rump and Ganey for the Golden
Camel, and Pansey and Sikes for the Exchange Tavern,

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble the following 5½%
beverage licenses were granted. Applications being proper form and the sum of $10.00 per
license per house accompanying the applications.

Las Vegas Club, Frank Kiernan, 2nd St. Grocery, Dominick Curto, Rose Distributing Co.
Lafe Carl Norwood, Boulder Drug Co. Inc; Anna Lujan, Wm. Jones, Town Barbecue, John Stathis,
E.F. Noon, Ether's Delicatessen, Sophia Noon. Claude C. Sargent, Leona Mason, City Drug Store,
Sewell's United Stores, Vegas Sweet Shoppe, Apache Casino, W.C. Christian, Geo. Markisch,

C.V.T. Gilber, and the Boulder Club. Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble a cabaret license
for $300.00 was granted to Wm. Pansey for 120½ North 1st St. Application in proper form and
money coverning the same on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett Seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved

and carried the wholesale beverage license be granted to the Outpost Trading Company.
Application being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.



On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner down the following sealed
package goods licenses were granted. All applications being in proper form and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same.

Geo. Markisch, Boulder Drug Company Inc; C.V.T. Gilbert, City Drug Store, A.T. Spatz
Rose Distributing Company Etherl's Delicatessen.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that
no package goods license be granted to Leona Mason on the grounds that the address where said
business would be carried on was in too close proximity to the Federal Building and the
residential district of the City.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that wholesale liquor licenses be granted to the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corp. and to
J.T .Watters. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover
the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted Applications being improper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Edgar Ciliax 2 slot machine licenses.

Frank Kiernan  2 "	"	"

          C.M. Sikes	1 "	"

The application of C.M. Sikes for one one cent slot machine license applied for on his
application was denied at this time.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the following gaming licenses be granted. All applications being in proper
form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

	

Las Vegas Club 4 slot machines, 2 card games, 6 devices.

Boulder Club 5 Slot Machines, 2 card games and 5 devices.

Apache Club 3 devices

Elmer Sorber, 3 slot machines, 2 card games and 5 devices.

Joe Morgan 2 devices

Wm. Jones one card game.

Vote on the motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
The business of licensing the "Keno" games in the City for the first quarter 1935
was brought before the Board for consideration, and after a lengthy discussion on the matter
on motion of Commissioner Ge man seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that "Keno" licenses be granted the following, Gordon Holding Company 110 chairs, the Las
Vegas Club 150 chairs and the Boulder Club 100 chairs. Each house in addition to the regular
license stated in Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas be required to pay one dollar
and fifty cents per chair, and that all "Keno" parlors in the City operate under the same
policy having a set price per card per roll.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that the B.P. O.Elks Club be granted a "club liquor" license in the sum of $50.00.
Application being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time Dr. W.R.Smith, a licensed veterinary appeared before the Board in regard
to the appointment of "Meat Inspector" of the City of Las Vegas.

It appearing to the Board that Dr. Smith was well qualified and recommended it was on
motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German moved and carried that Dr. Smith
be appointed "City Meat Inspector effective as of January 2nd, 1935. That the compensation
and term of office be as is fully sent forth in Ordinance No. 201.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The surety company of A.L. Drew, newly appointed Electrical Inspector for the City was
presented to the Board at this time for its approval. On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded
by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that the bond of A.L. Drew be approved
the same to bp signed by the Mayor as it had been ascertained that the company furnishing
said bond was qualified to transact business in the State of Nevada for the current year.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board discussed the business of having some secret investigations
on various matters in the City made by qualified persons. After some discussion on the
matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the sum of $100.00 be allowed to carry on such investigations.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett Marble German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Walter Hunsaker, representing the Overton Syndicate, Ltd. a Nevada corporation, and
Roy W. Martin, owners of lots 11 and 12 Block 13 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, City of
Las Vegas, presented to the Board an application for a permit to construct erect and main-
tain pillars or columns upon the sidewalk space abbuting on the above mentioned lots, said
pillars and columns to support a permanent protico over said sidewalk space.

After due consideration of the matter and upon recommendation of the City Planning
Commission it was on motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble, duly
Resolved as follows:

RESOLVED that the application of said Walter Hunsaker for the Overton Syndicate
Ltd; and Roy W. Martin for permit to construct a permanent portico over the sidewalk
of lots 11 and 12 Block 13 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in the id City of Las Vegas
be and the same is hereby approved, and that the Mayor and City Clerk, under the seal of
said City, be and they are hereby authorized to execute a formal permit in the form present-
ed to the Board upon the special condition, as stated in such form of permit, that the
permit is granted condition that the same be accepted in writing by the Permittee, Overton
Syndicate Ltd. and Roy W. Martin, within fifteen days from the date of the enactment of
this Resolution, otherwise the said Permit shall be void and of no effect.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of
January 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble,
German and Down City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mr. Schur of the Gordon Holding Company appeared before the Board in regard to the
transferring of the license of the said Company from 104 North 1st St. to 17 Fremont St.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that location of said license be transferred.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge Approved by the Mayor.

Money received for the month of December 1934 as follows:

$12,569.62 Licenses, fees and misc. collections
46,472.77 Taxes and assessments received from the County Treasurer

455.95 Garbage fees

55.00	Sale of cemetery lots

801.00	Poll tax

87.00	Street materials sold

1.00	Broken street light

261.00	Municipal Court Fines
$60,703.34 Total

Money proportioned as follows:

$456.95	W.S. & L. Fund

888.00	Street Fund

55.00	Cemetery Fund

59,303 .39 Proportioned as per budget spread, (see journal entries Dec. 1934.)

$60,703.34 Total

At this time the City Clerk presented to the Board a certain claim of Fred Schultz
wherein and whereby the said Fred Schultz presented a claim for personal injuries, to said
City in the sum of $75,000.00.

After due discussion and consideration it was moved oh motion of Commissioner Arnett
seconded by Commissioner Marble and carried that the follow ng Resolution be adopted:

RESOLVED: That the claim of Fred Schultz in the sum of $75,000.00 be and the same
is hereby, rejected and disallowed for the reason that said notice and demand was not filed
under and pursuant to the provisions of Section 1259 N.C.L. 1929; that the same is deficient
in that it does no set forth the nature of the demand: that the said City of Las Vegas is not
responsible to the said Fred Schultz for any damages by said Fred Schultz sustained, and that
said City was not negligent in any manner whatsoever, and therefore said claim and demand is
hereby denied, rejected and disallowed; an denies that said City is answerable to said Fred
Schultz in the sum of $75,000.00, or any other sum whatsoever, or at all;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be instructed to forward to said Fred
Schultz a certified copy of this resolution.

The vote on the foregoing Resolution was Commissioners Marble, German, Down and Arnett,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The City Clerk presented to the Board a certain claim of Dave Holland wherein and whereby
the said Dave Holland presented a claim for personal injuries, to said City in the sum of
$51,100.00.

After due discussion and consideration it was moved on motion of Commissioner Down
seconded by Commissioner Arnett that the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLVED: That the claim of Dave Holland in the sum of $51,100.00 be, and the same is
hereby, rejected and disallowed for the reason that said notice and demand was not filed
under and pursuant to the provisions of Section 1259 N.C.L. 1929; that the same is deficient in
that it does not set forth the nature of the demand; that the said City of Las Vegas is not
responsible to the said Dave Holland for any damages by the said Dave Holland sustained, and that
the said City was not negligent in any manner whatsoever, and therefore said claim and demand
is hereby denied, rejected and disallowed; and denies that the said City is answerable to the
said Dave Holland in the sum of $51,100.00, or any other sum whatsoever, or at all;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That the City Clerk be instructed to forward to the said Dave
Holland a certified copy of this Resolution.

The vote on the foregoing resolution was: Commissioners Marble, German and Down and Arnett,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of liquor, beverage, slot machine, and gaming applications were
presented to the Board for consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that the following beverage licenses be granted for 5½% beverages. Applications being
in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Babe s Stevens, R.F. Lehman, W.R. Van Eaton, J.M. Monahan, The Market Spot Vera Magness,

The Fountain Grill, Safeway Stores Inc; White Spot Cafe, U.P.R.R. Eating House, Bert Smith Inc;

L and K Market, Lee Shelly, Oral Curtis, Ben Chapin, Gay Chatterton and Clare McNerney.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following tavern licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same. Amount of license being $250.00.

Brown Derby by Earl Moser, Pilar Santa Cruz, and R.D. Gard.

Vote being called as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that M.E.Ward and M.S. Pinjuv be granted retail 20% beverages calling for a license
of $30.00 each and The Las Vegas Pharmacy and White Cross Drug store be granted sealed package
licenses at the rate of $50.00 each. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the
clerk to cover the same.

Vote on the above motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.
On motion of Commissioner Arnett Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
following be granted wholesale beverage licenses at the rate of $25.00 each.

Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Company Inc; Lloyd Young and Nevada National Ice Co.

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money
on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

White Spot Cafe 3 licenses.	A.E. King Ellison o license

	Joe Evans 1 license	Wm. Pansey 1 license

Art Schreiber 8 licenses	J W. Woodard 1 license.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that Jack D. Butler of the Big Four Club be granted the following gaming licenses.

One Poker game and three devices.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.	

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that a wholesale liquor license be granted to the Las Vegas Liquor Distributors, Inc; Application
being in proper form and $75.00 the amount of said license being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of C.B. Singleton for permit to operate a "family liquor" store or sealed
package store was next brought before the Board for consideration. On motion of Mayor Cragin, second-
ed by Commissioner Down it was moved that a license for the operation of said business be granted
C.B. Singleton. Application being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk.

Vote Was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble and German voting no. Commissioner
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Motion not carrying.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk be instructed to write the Las Vegas School Board and ascertain if it was desirous 

of the granting of such a license near the public schools.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board At this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 18th day of January 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 7th, 1935.

SPECIAL CALLED MEETING

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

January 7th, 1935.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, to be held at the Board room of said Board on Monday the 7th day of January, 1935, at the
hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the leasing to the American Legion
Post No. 8 a parcel of land upon which said Post No. 8 will erect A War Memorial Building.

E.W.Cragin
Mayor.

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

January 7th, 1935.

To-

E.W. Cragin, Mayor, and to Commissioners W.C. German,

L.L. Arnett, Jas. H. Down and H.P. Marble.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board on Monday the 7th day of January, 1935
at the hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the leasing to he
American Legion Post No. 8 a parcel of land upon which said P st No. 8 will erect a War Memorial
Building.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.
We, the under signed being Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do
hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of a special meeting and represent that
Jas. H. Down, Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights of said City is absent from said
City and State of Nevada and his whereabouts are not easily ascertainable.

E.W.Cragin	L.L. Arnett,

Mayor	W.C. German

H.P. Marble

City Seal.	City Commissioners

Minutes of a Special called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of January 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German and
Marble, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Down.

 At this time the Board took under consideration the leasing of a parcel of land to the
American Legion P st No. 8 upon which a War Memorial Building would be erected in the near
future.	 

After due consideration on the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by
Commissioner Marble the following Resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS, Las Vegas Post Number 8, The American Legion, Department of Nevada, has hereto-
fore requested the City of Las Vegas to lease a parcel of land within the exterior bound-
aries of the City Park, for the purpose of constructing a War Memorial Building, and

THE MATTER having heretofore been considered in all its phases by this Board, and
IT APPEARING to the Board that such a building will meet the long existing demand for such
a structure, and that it will be of great benefit to the city and community, and good cause
appearing therefor,

IT IS ORDERED AND DIRECTED, that the Mayor and City Clerk convey to Las Vegas Post
Number 8, the American Legion, Department of Nevada, the following described premises:

Commencing at the northeast corner of Block Thirty-three (33) of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite as per map of said Townsite on file
and of record in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County,

Nevada, thence along the prolongation of the easterly line of said
Block 33, N. 28˚13' E. eighty (80) feet to the point of beginning:
thence N. 61˚47' W. 275.0 feet; thence N. 28˚13' E. 300.0 feet; thence N.

68˚01' 20" E. 117.15; thence S. 61˚47' E. 200.0 feet; thence S. 28˚	

13' W. 390.0 feet to the point of beginning, comprising a net area of
2.385 acres.

by appropriate lease for a period of fifty (50) years, at the annual rental thereon of
$1.00 per annum, payable annually in advance.

That the said lease contain appropriate provisions for the termination thereof upon the
happening of any of the following contingencies:

(1) Failure of the Las Vegas Post Number 8, the American Legion, Department of Nev-
ada, to construct a Memorial Building upon the said premises, of a value in excess of
fifteen Thousand Dollars, ($15,000.00) on or before the first day of January, 1936.

(2)	Upon dissolution of said Post of the American Legion, for any reason.

(3)	At any such time as the membership of said Las Vegas Post Number 8 of the American
Legion, Department of Nevada, shall not contain at least ten (lO) members who are veterans

of the World War.

Vote on the Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, and Marble, and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,
JANUARY 14th, 1935.

SPECIAL CALLED MEETING

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

January 14th, 1935.

To ——

Viola Burns, City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board	of Commissioners of	the	City	of Las

Vegas, Nevada, to be held at the Board room of said	Board on Monday the	14th	day	of January

1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of said day,	to consider and act	upon	the	matter of

securing aid on the construction of the anticipated	War Memorial Building in	the	City of Las

Vegas, Nevada, from the Nevada Emergency Relief Administration, and any other matters
pertaining to the same that may legally be brought before the Board at that time.

E.W.Cragin
Mayor.
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

January 14th, 1935.

To----

E.W.Cragin Mayor, and to Commissioners W.C.German, L.L. Arnett

Jas. H. Down and H.P. Marble.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas,  will be held at the Board Room of said
Board on Monday the 14th day of January, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of said day to
consider and act upon the matter of securing aid on the construction of the anticipated War Mem-
orial Building in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, from the Nevada Emergency Relief Administration,
and any other matters pertaining to the same that may legally be brought before the Board at
that time.

Viola Burns

City Clerk

We, the undersigned being mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby
admit due service of the foregoing notice of a special meeting.

E.W.Cragin	W.C.German

Mayor	Police and Fire Commissioner

Jas. H. Down

Water Sewer & Light Commissioner
L.L. Arnett

Finance Commissioner
H.P. Marble

(City seal)	Street	Commissioner

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
at the office of the City Clerk in	the City	of Las Vegas, Clark	County, Nevada, this	14th day of

January, 1935 at the hour of seven	P.M., in	accordance with the	call and notice duly	given a

copy of which is on file and of record in this office.

Present: Commissioners Arnett, German, Down and Marble, end His Honor the Mayor
E.W.Cragin; also the City Clerk and City Attorney.

At this time the Mayor stated	the purpose of the call to be	the consideration of	the City

making application to the N E R A for funds	with which to construct what is known as	the Las

Vegas War Memorial Building, on the land embraced in the City Park, the Mayor stating that
heretofore it was the understanding that the project could have been started and completed on
the application of Las Vegas Post No. 8 The American Legion, Department of Nevada, and in
accordance with said understanding the City had leased a portion of said City Park Premises
to said American Legion Post, permission to enter into said lease and to erect thereon a
War Memorial Building having been granted to the City by the grantor of said land, to-wit:

Las Vegas Land & Water Company; and it now appearing that in order that said project may be started
and completed under the requirements of the N E R A, the said project must be under the super-
visions of, and the application thereof made by a political subdivision, and whereas the City is
without funds to build the building, but the American Legion Post has the available funds to
buy the materials therefor, with the understanding that the said N.E.R.A. is to provide the
necessary labor; and the City Commissioner believing that a War Memorial Building
with a civic auditorium would be an asset to the City and a building that is much needed by the
City; and whereas, in order that the same may be built, the said American Legion has this day
entered into an agreement with the said City surrendering the lease heretofore given, and
agreeing to donate to the City under certain conditions, sufficient monies with which to pur-
chase the necessary materials for construction of the said building; and whereas
said lease has been surrendered and said agreement between the said American Legion Post and the
said City of Las Vegas duly executed,

Upon motion of Commissioner Down, duly made, seconded by Commissioner Arnett, it is

RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, be
and they are hereby authorized and directed to make application to the ^ E R A for the nec-
essary funds to erect what is to be known as a War Memorial Building, on the City Park Premises;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to
sign on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and to affix the seal of said City thereto, the application
to be made for said project:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed to attach to
said application a certified copy of this Resolution.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JANUARY 18th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 18th day of January 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Marble, German and Down,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Arnett.

Mr. Schur of the Gordon Holding Company appeared before the Board in regard to the ruling of
the playing of "Keno" as made by the Board of Commissioners at its regular meeting January 4th,
1935. Said ruling set the price to to paid for the cards used in said game at a stated amount
for each roll. Mr. Schur stated to the Board that it was not working out as a paying bais under
the system. No change was made in the ruling.

Commissioner Marble was appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance Com-
missioners owning to the absence of that officer.

At this time an application for a "Tango" license was presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the license be granted. Application being in pr per form and money on file with the Clerk to cover
the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

The application of C.B. Singleton for a sealed package goods liquor license again came before
the Board for Consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it
was moved and carried that the license be granted to Mr. Singleton upon the following vote: Com-
missioners Marble, German, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the following be granted retail beverage license at the rate of $10.00 per quarter year;

E.P. Bohlmaier, Ted Konduras, J.M. Sill, and Harry Blanding.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that Underhill Brothers be granted a wholesale liquor license, fee $75.00 per quarter year.

Vote was as follows Commissioners German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

J.T.Watters	6 machines	J.P. McClure	1 machine

Jack Weisberger	4	"	A.H. Stevenson	1	"

C.B. Singleton	1	"	W.E.Ferron	8	"

Elmer Sorber	1	"	W.J. Lincoln	1	"

L.L. Arnett	44	"	Las Vegas Sweet Shop 29	"

E.P. Bihlmaier	22	"

Vote was as follows Commissioners German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a license for a one cent (1¢) slot machine for operation at the Modern Food Shop be granted
to E.P. Bihlmaier.

Vote was as follows Commissioners German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of February 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down
and City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant regist on file in the office of the Clerk

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money received for January as follows:
$497.95	Garbage Fees

50.00	Cemetery lot sale

307.00	Fines from Municipal Court

144.00	Poll Tax

2,730.00	Materials for sewer laterals

163.25	"	" street work

6.308.42 Permits, fees and licenses.

$10,200.62	Total

Money proportioned as follows:

$6,615.42	Spread as per Journal

2,730.00	Sewer Lateral Fund

50.00	Cemetery Fund

497.95	W.S. & L. Fund

307.25	Street Fund

 $10,200.62

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the sum of $400.00 be transferred to the Library Support Fund from the General Fund and that
the monthly support to the Library be increased from $100.00 to $150.00 per month effective as of
the 1935 City Budget.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mr. H. Brockmiller appeared before the Board at its bidding to show cause if any why his
plumbing license should not be issued for the year 1935.

Mr. Brockmiller was in formed that his license must be used only with his consent, and the
fee for same must be paid to the City Clerk by 4:30 P.M. Tuesday the 5th day of February.

H. Case appeared before the Board asking said Board to provide a way that the lights used
in the building where band practise is held might be paid. He was informed that he City would
provide for the payment of the lights.

At this time a number of operators from the	various Keno and Tango parlors	in	the	City of

Las Vegas appeared before the Board asking that the	restriction on the playing of the	games be

lifted.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter and no decision being reached the meeting
recessed until the hour of 7:30 PM. of this date.

7:30 P.M.

Present all commissioners Mayor and City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be	granted. Applications being in	proper	form

and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the	same.

Ray Jesson	4 licenses	Earl Moser	2 licenses

C.M. Sikes	1	"	City Drug Store	3	"

Dave Stearns	2	"	J.R. McMichael	1	"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett German, Marble and Down and His Honor the May or
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
the the license of the Las Vegas Liquor Distributors Corp. be transferred from 120½ North 1st St.
to 830 south Main St;

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that a Tavern license be granted to Arthur B. Chewning, for 120 North 1st St.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the taxi licenses be granted to J.J. Foremaster, Grey Hound Taxi, and Lee Spiers. Applications
being on file with the Clerk and the required insurance policies accompanying the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners entered into a discussion on the proposed
amendments to the City Charter which would be presented to the State Legislature now in session.
After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner
Marble it was moved and carried that at least two members of the Board of Commissioners with the
City Attorney and Clerk accompany said charter amendments to Carson City, and present same to
the Clark County Deligation siting in the Senate and Assembly. Expenses of trip to be paid
by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett Marble German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At number of persons interested in "Keno" and "Tango" in the City of Las Vegas appear-
ed before the Board at this time in regard to, the manner in which the said games might be oper-
ated. After a lengthy discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner
 Marble it was moved and carried that the games both Tango and Keno operate on the same
bases, that is not having a set price for the "pot" but paying the public 85% of the money
taken in at each roll and the house maintaining 15%, and that cards must sell for a uniform
price for each and every roll of said games. Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett,

Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 8th day of February at which time the Boy Scouts of America would have a
delegation present to attend said meeting it being "National Boy Scout Week."
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 8th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of February 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Marble, and
German, Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Arnett and Down.

At this time a number of Boy Scouts of American sat with the Board and filling the chairs
of the various member. This was in accordance with the celebration of "Boy Scouts of America"
week, and the same policy being carried on in numerous other cities of the United States to-day.

Seated with the Commissioners and filling the City offices were the following.:

James Reeves, as Mayor, Harold Friedman, Commissioner of Police and Fire, Francis Little, Water
Sewer and Light Commissioner, Hard Earl, Street Commissioner, Jack Petititti, Fiance Commission-
er, Achie Wasden, City Clerk, Buland Barnett, City Attorney Depty City Clerk Steven James,

Deputy City Attorney Jonathan Lodwick, Street Supt. Bill Francis, City Engineer Mark Murray,
Electrical Insp. Harold Haas, Supt. Garbage Disposal Wm. Chant.

At this time the minutes of the meetings of the Board held from Oct. 4th, 1934 to January
14th 1935 were read and approved as read.

At this time the members of the Board of Commissioners pro tem and the regular Board
discussed the City government and it various divisions.

Upon motion of Acting Commissioner Earl seconded by acting Commissioner Francis Little it
was moved and carried that the meeting recess until Thursday the 21st day of February, 1935
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote was as follows, Acting Commissioners Earl Little, Petitti, and Freidman, and His Honor
the Mayor James Reeves voting aye. Noes none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 21st, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
Nevada, held on Thursday the 21st day of February 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Marble, and Down
together with the Deputy City Attorney Geo. Marshall, and City Clerk, Viola Burns.

Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Arnett and City Attorney Henderson.

Dr. W.S. Park appeared before the Board in regard to the City entering into a public works
programme in the form of a municipal golf course for the City of Las Vegas. After some discussion
on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the City enter into such a programme with the N.E.R.A. if the cost of materials and
the ground to be used could be secured without too much expense to the City.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes

none.

Thereupon Mayor Pro Tem German appointed the following committee to investigate the matter
and report to the Board at its	next	regular recessed meeting	to be held on	Monday the 25th of

February, 1935 at the hour of seven	thirty o'clock P.M.

Committee composed of the following J.P. King, A.R.Thompson, W.S. Park, A.C.Grant and J.N.
Jefferies.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
5½% beverage licenses be granted to J.W. Jacobus 20 Stewart St. and to Carl Ray 421 Fremont St;
Applications being in proper form and money in file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting
Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner	Down	seconded by Commissioner	Marble it was	moved and carried that

a tavern license for 104 North	1st St. be grant J.H. Morgan.	Application being in proper form	and

money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

L.L. Arnett	2 machines

Carl Ray	2	"

W.C.Christian	1	"

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye.

Noes none.

H. Case, Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Dept appeared before the Board in regard to the City
having a fire marshall, and the salary for such officer.

After some discussion the Board took the matter under advisement.
At this time Frank Silva, Director of the N.E.R.A. appeared before the Board in regard to
two "public works" programmes for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

No. 1. The improvement of the following streets:

11th Street from Fremont Street to Mesquite Street.

12th Street from Fremont Street to Stewart Street
Ogden Street from 11th to 13th Street.

	Said improving to consist of the grading of the above mentioned streets to the proper street

grade, and the placing of gravel thereon to provide better drainage for the district effected.

No. 2 The improving of the ball ground and the grounds used for public playgrounds on the
City park site on Stewart Street from Second to Fifth Street.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the City enter into the above mentioned projects with the N.E.R.A. and that the sum of
$2,172.00 be allowed for materials to be used on the streets to be improved, and that the sum of
$725.00 be allowed for the purchasing of materials to be used in the improving of the public
playground.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye.
Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 25th day of February, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 25th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the City of Las Vegas held on February 25th, 1935
at the hour seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
and Down, Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Henderson.

At this time the Board entered into a lenghty discussion on the various "public works"
programmes that might be carried on in the City of Las Vegas, which with the held of the N.E.R.A.
would greatly relieve the unemployed situation at the present and in the near future for the
City of Las Vegas.

A number of interested citizens were present including Earl Davidson, Chairman of the Clark Co;
Board of Commissioners, Claude Mackey in charge of the relief depot in the City, F.C.DeVinney
Assessor.

Dr. Park and J.P. King presented to the Board the report of the committee appointed to
investigate the matter of having the City install a municipal golf course.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the City Board of Commissioners accept the report of the said Committee add that the City enter
into an agreement with the N.E.R.A. for the installation of a municipal golf course and carry
out said project as far as possible.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

No definite action was taken on any other proposed "public works" project at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that Adam's Cash and Carry Grocery be granted a retail beverage 5½% , license at 1016 Fremont.
Application being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

At this time: the Commission considered the matter of writing in the form of a Resolution
to the Congressional representatives in Washington to secure aid in caring for the unemployed
in the City of Las Vegas.	Approved:

After some discussion on the matter on motion duly made seconded and carried the follow-
ing Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:	Mayor.

That it appears that the City of Las Vegas has general obligation bonds outstanding
in the sum of approximately $230,000.00;

That the total taxable property of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is the sum of $660,000.00:

That the statutory limitation as expressed in the Charter of the City of Las Vegas pro-
hibits said City from issuing any general obligation bonds in a sum greater than twenty per cent
(20%) of the taxable property of said city; that therefore said city can not at this time
issue any general obligation bonds for the purpose of carrying on work projects or buying mat-
erials therefor;
That for the year 1935, said City of Las Vegas received for its use and governmental
purposes the sum of $1.50 per hundred dollars of valuation as tax money; that the said sum
of $1.50 is the limit said City may obtain; that the tax rate for the year 1935 in said City
of Las Vegas, including State and County, was the sum of $4.64 per hundred dollars of val-
uation; that the Legislature of the State of Nevada recently passed a bill increasing the
state taxes nine cents;

That it is apparent that the Board of County Commissioners, whose duty it is to made
apportionments, are of the opinion and firmly convinced that due to the order of Congress
and the President, that the burdens to Clark County will increase for relief in the sum of
approximately Four Thousand Dollars per month, thereby increasing the burden of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, from the present expenditure for indigent relief from $36,000.00
per annum to approximately $84, 000.00 per annum;

That said	City	of	Las Vegas,	by and through its Board of Commissioners, has been noti-
fied	and informed that	it is very	doubtful whether or not the City would be allowed more than

$1.30 in its next budget for governmental purposes;

That due to the completion of Boulder Dan, it is estimated that approximately one
thousand persons, having gained sufficient residence in the County of Clark, will be added to
the relief rolls of both the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark;

That due to the completion of Boulder Dam, the taxable property of the City of Las Vegas
has decreased approximately $60,000.00;

That said	City	is	financially unable to carry on any relief projects whatsoever where

a prerequisite	will	be	a purchase	of materials; that unless aid by way of donation is granted

to said City of Las Vegas, it will be wholly physically impossible to care for its unfort-
unate residents who are without work;

That at the present time here are eligible in the City of Las Vegas and County of Clark
four hundred sixty-five worable idle persons; that to date said City of Las Vegas and County
of Clark have done all in their power to raise money to carry on the work projects, and that
all projects in the City of Las Vegas heretofore commenced will be finished within the course
of thirty days.

WHEREFORE, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas resolve as follows:

BE IT RESOLVED, that this Resolution be forwarded, one to each of the Congressional
representatives, that is to say: the Honorable Key Pittman, the Honorable James G.
Scrugham, and the Honorable Patrick McCarran ; and that said Representatives in Congress
are requested to do all in their power to provide relief for the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, so that the unfortunate unemployed may be cared for
without creating any extra burden to the said City of Las Vegas.

The vote oh the above and foregoing resolution was as follows: Commissioners W.C.German,
H.P. Marble, James H. Down and Leonard Arnett, and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin; Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 4th day of March, 1935, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, and Down,

City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Arnett, and Marble.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant register on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

Owing to the absence of Finance Commissioner Arnett, Commissioner German was appointed
to act as Finance Commissioner by the Mayor, and Commissioner Down was appointed to act as
Street Commissioner owing to the absence of Street Commissioner Marble.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.
At this time the bond of the Las Vegas Liquor Distributors Inc; was presented to the
Board for approval. Said bond being a personal bond signed by Peter Pansy and Frank Detra.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the bond of the Las Vegas Liquor Distributors, Ins; be approved and the same signed by the
mayor.

Vote was as follows Commissioners German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 8th day of March, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 8th, 1935.

MINUTES OF A RECESSED REGULAR MEETING OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
held on the 8th day of March 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and German.

Mr. A.W.Blackman presented to the Board for its consideration the form of budget to be
approved and adopted by the City for the year 1935. Mr. Blackman presented this has the duly
authorized City Auditor.

After some discussion on the form of budget it was moved and carried that the form be approved,
on motion duly made by Commissioner Marble, and seconded by Commissioner Arnett in substantially
the following form:

City of Las Vegas, 1935

CITY BUDGETS

ANNUAL BUDGET OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, 1935.

Information Required:	Actual	Estimated

1934	1935

Assessed Valuation
Realty
Improvements

Personal	_____________ ____________________________

Totals	$4,640,595.00	$4,500,000.00

Tax Rate for 1934	1.50

City tax levied, 1935	1.50

A.	Unencumbered balance in city treasury on January 1, 1935	$57,612.88

B.	Revenue from taxes already levied	47,171.75

C.	Nontax revenues in 1935, estimated	94,182.82

D.	Expenditures 1935, estimated	181,891.28

E.	Nontax revenues in 1936, estimated	75,000.00

F.	Expenditures in 1936, estimated	159,576.17

Explanation:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total balance less warrants outstanding on January 1.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied in the previous year
and uncollected, and collections from taxes now delinquent.

C.	See	Schedule No. 1, Col. 2.

D.	See	Schedule No. 2,	 Col. 2.

E.	See Schedule No. 1, 	Col. 3.

F.	See	Schedule No. 2, 	Col 3.

Note— As taxes levied in 1935 will be used for 1936 Expenses it is necessary to include 1936
estimates in the 1935 budget. These estimates will be revised in 1936 budget.
City of Las Vegas, 1935	Page 2.

SCHEDULE NUMBER 1___

REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

General Fund:	Actual Estimated Estimated

1934	1935	1936

Licenses	$61,023.30	50,270.00

Fines and fees	8,583.82	8,040.00

Permits	1,219.25	950.00

Poll taxes	7,095.00	6,500.00

Sales and rentals	1,725.57	1,500.0O

Interest on City Funds	7.50

Bond Sales	16,362.67

Special Street Improvements	16,503.10	16,922.82

Beer Excise Tax	11,087.33	10.000.00

Totals	$123,607.54	94,182.82	$75,000.00

City of Las Vegas, 1935	Page 3.

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2
CITY EXPENDITURES

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1934	1935	1936

Administrative Salaries	$6,777.00	$6,000.00

Administrative Expenses	2,335.60	4,000.00

Police Salaries	24,179.26	26,700.00

Police Department Expenses	6,982.24	8,320.00

Fire Department Salaries	1,943.86	1,800.00

Fire Department Expenses	5,580.64	10,870.00

Street Department Salaries	16,546.45	16,320.00

Street Department Expenses	6,955.05	23,066.92

City Parks	736.48	3,260.00

Legal Expenses	2 ,400.00	2,400.00

City Court	1,339.50	1,400.00

Electric Light and Power	11,952.36	13,268.00

Sewage Disposal	3,646.14	2,050.00

Health & Sanitation	7,782.55	11,574.00

Insurance, fire	666.74	700.00

Insurance, Industrial	2,131.69	1,800.00

Bond Redemption	25,827.28	25,827.28

Bond Interest	17, 101.56	15,540.54

Cemetery Fund	2,155.28	2,000 00

Library	1,676.01	1,300.00

Sewer Lateral Improvement	13,944.76	2,494.54

Publicity	200.00	1,200.00

Chevrolet Coupe	________638.00	_______-0-______________________

TOTALS	$163,588.45	$181,891.28	$159,576.17
City of Las Vegas, 1935	Page 4

BUDGET FORMULA

RECEIPTS EXPENDITURES

A.	Unencumbered balance January 1, 1935	$57,612.88

B.	Revenue from taxes already levied	47,171.75

C.	Nontax revenues 1935	94,182.82

D.	Expenditures 1935	$181,891.28

E.	Nontax Revenues 1936	75,000.00

F.	Expenditures 1936	$159,576.17

G. Balance, taxes to be levied	______67.000.00_________________________

Total (Receipts equal expenditures)                 341,467.45	341,467.45

H.	Divide G. by assessed valuation to find

tax rate	1.50

We hereby approve the above budget of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1935.

E.W. Cragin
Mayor

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

Dated March 8th, 1935.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday March 11th, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLARK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 11th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 11th day of March 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

At this time C.F. Reid appeared before the Board in regard to securing a gaming license for the
second quarter year for 224 No. 1st St. He was assured by the Board that they would approve the
granting of such a license at the start of the new quarter.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
15th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

  MARCH 15th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 15th day of March, 1935.

Boll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.
At this time the Board took up the matter of providing for the General City Election to be
held on the 7th day of May, 1935, for the purpose of electing a mayor and two City Commissioners
for the City of Las Vegas. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner
Down, the following Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

There as, under the provisions of Section 3 Chapter 11 of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada, in the year 1929, a
General City Election must be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May,

1933, and it appearing therefrom that such election should be called and prepared for,

NOW THEREFORE,

BE IT RESOLVED, that a General City Election be and the same is hereby ordered to be
held in said City of Las Vegas on the 7th day of May, 1935 for the purpose of electing
a mayor and two Commissioner, namely: a Commissioner of the 1st and a commissioner of the
3rd class, at the places hereinafter set forth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of said Section
3 Chapter 11 of said Charter of said City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1923, said City of
Las Vegas be and is hereby divided into eleven election precincts, as follows:

Precinct No. 1, which is bounded on the north by the northern limit of the City of Las
Vegas; on the east by the center line of Fifth Street from the northern limit of said
City, south to the center of Stewart Street, thence west along the center line of Stewart
Street to the center of Third Street, thence south along the center line of Third Street
to the center of Fremont Street, and on the south by the center line of Fremont Street and
a continuation thereof from the center of Third Street to the right-of-way of the Union
Pacific Railroad, and on the west by the said right-of-way of said Union Pacific Railroad
from the center of Fremont Street to the northern city limit.

Precinct No. 2, Which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the point where Clark Avenue
in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas intersects the eastern line of the Union Pacific
right-of-way, south along the said boundary of the said right-of-way to a continuation
of	the	center	line of Fremont Street;	thence east along the	center line of Fremont Street

to	the	center	of Third Street; thence	south along the center	line of Third Street to the

Center of Bridger Street; thence west along the the center line of Bridger Street to the
eastern boundary of the Union Pacific right-of-way; thence south along said boundary of
of said right-of-way to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence, west along the center
of Charleston Boulevard to the Southeast corner of the SW¼ of Section 33, Township 20S
Range 61 E., M.D.B & M.: thence north along the center line of the said Section 33, Town-
ship 20 S. Range 61 E., M.D.B.& M. to the NE corner of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 33,
Township 20 S., Range 61 E., thence wet to the western limit of the City of Las Vegas;
thence north along the western limits of said city to the NW corner of the SW¼ of the SW¼
of	Section 30	Township 20 S. Range 61	E., thence west along	the line from the said corner

to	the	center	line of Clark Avenue; thence along the center	line of Clark Avenue to the

point of beginning.

Precinct No. 3, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Bridger Street; on
the east by the center line of Third Street; on the south by the center line of Clark
Street, and on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way.

Precinct No. 4, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Clark Street; on
the east by the center line of Third Street; on the south by the center line of Garces
Street, and on the west by the Union Pacific right-of-way.

Precinct No. 5, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the point where the center
line of Fifth Street intersects the northern	limit of the City of Las Vegas, east

along the said northern limit of said city to the eastern limit of said city; thence
south along said eastern limit to the point where Croissant Street intersects the said
eastern limit of the said city; thence west along the said Croissant Street to the center
of State Street; thence south along the center line of State Street to the center of Oak
Street; thence west along the northern boundary of Buck's Subdivision of the City of Las
Vegas to the center of Seventh Street; thence south along the center of Seventh Street
to the center of Fremont Street; thence west along the center line of Fremont Street to
the center line of Third Street; thence north along the center line of Third Street to the
center of Stewart Street; thence east along the center line of of Stewart Street to the
center of Fifth Street; thence north along the center line of Fifth Street to the point
of beginning.

Precinct No. 6, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Fremont Street: on the
east by the intersection of Fremont Street and Charleston Boulevard; on the south by
Charleston Boulevard from said intersection west to the southwest corner of Harrison
Acres and a line running from said southwest corner of Harrison Acres to the intersection
of Bridger and Fifteenth Streets and the center line of Bridger Street; and on the west
by the center line of Third Street.

Precinct No. 7, which is bounded on the north by the center line of Bridger Street from the
center of Third Street east to the intersection of Fifteenth and Bridger Streets and by a
line from the said intersection of the southwest corner of Harrison Acres; on the south
by the center line of Charleston Boulevard from the southwest corner of Harrison Acres
west to the center of Garces Street and by the center line of Garces Street from the center
line of Charleston Boulevard west to the center of Third Street; and on the west by the
center line of Third Street.
Precinct No. 8, which is bounded as follows; Beginning at the southwest corner of the NW¼
of the NW¼ of Section 31, Township 20 S., Range 61 E., east along a line extending from
said corner to the southeast corner of the NE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 33, Township 20 S.,
Range 61, E.; thence south along the center line of said Section 33, Township 20 S.,

Range 61 B., to the center of Charleston Boulevard; Thence west along the center line of
Charleston Boulevard to the east boundary of the Union Pacific right-of-way; thence north
along the said boundary of the said Union-Pacific right-of-way to the point where an
extension of the center line of Garces Street intersects the said boundary; thence east
along the center line of Garces Street to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence east
along the center line of Charleston Boulevard to the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas
thence south along the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence west along the
southern limit of the City of Las Vegas to the southwest corner of Section 5, Township
21 S., Range 61 E.; thence north to the northeast corner of said Section 5, Township 21 S.
Range 61 E., thence west to the west limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence north to the
point of beginning.

Precinct No. 9, which is bounded on the north by the north limit of the City of Las Vegas;
on the east by the Union Pacific Right-of-way: on the south by Clark Avenue to the center
line of Fifth Street and an extension there of to the north City limit.

Precinct No. 10, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the intersection of Croissant
Street and the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas, south along the said eastern limit
of the said city to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence west along the center of
Charleston Boulevard to the center of Fremont Street; thence west along the center of Fre-
mont Street to the center of Seventh Street; thence north along the center of Seventh
Street to the northern boundary of Buck's Subdivision to the City of Las Vegas: thence east
along said boundary to the intersection of State and Oak Streets; thence north along the
center line of State Street to the center of Croissant Street; thence east along the
center of Croissant Street to the point of beginning.

Precinct No. 11, which is bounded on the south by Clark Avenue and an extension thereof
to the northeast corner of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 30, Township 20 S., Range 61 E.
and on the west by the west limit of the City of Las Vegas, on the north by the north
limit of the said city to the extension of West Fifth Street, thence south along the
cent line of the extension of West Fifth Street and West Fifth Street to the inter-
section of Clark Avenue.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the polling places in said election precincts shall be estab-
lished as follows:

For Precinct No. 1, Fire house next to alley on Second Street between Fremont and Carson
Streets.

For Precinct	No.	2,	City Library Carson Street between Second and	Third 	Streets.

For Precinct	No.	3,	301 South Main St; 1st floor Montana Hotel.

For Precinct	No.	4,	Clark's Garage, Clark Street between Main and	First	Street.

For Precinct	No.	5,	Martin's Garage, 204 No. Fourth Street.

For Precinct	No.	6,	South wing of the Tower Market, south Fifth St.

For Precinct No. 7, In room No. 2, Grammar School Building 4th & Lewis Street Fourth Street
entrance.

For Precinct No. 8, A.L. Drew garage, 807 Gass St.

For Precinct No. 9, At McWilliams Garage, N E. Comer Third & Wilson St. Westside.

For Precinct No. 10, At 814 Fremont St;

For Precinct No. 11, 116 W. 6th Street Westside, Spence garage.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the inspectors and clerks of said election for each of said
election precincts be as follows:

Precinct No. 1, voting Board	Precinct No. 1, counting Board.

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

Agnes A. Watters	Flossie A. Wasden

Catherine Riggen	Norma Ullom

Alfred Boyle	Ida Frehner

Clerks:	Clerks:

Loretta Goodfellow	E.E. Casey

Mary E. Lake	Mabel Ingram

Precinct No. 2, voting Board	Precinct No. 2, counting Board

Inspectors	Inspectors

Aurelia Scheer	Cora Lee Honstad

Ethel Mackey	Josephine Johnson

Alice Day	Etta Whitmore

Clerks;	Clerks:

Amelia Beck Doyle	Mary Taylor

Mrs. Sana Bloedel	Dona Honrath
Precinct No. 3, voting Board
Inspectors:

Hazel Callihan
Sarah Furlong
Elva Wadsworth
Clerks:

Eloda Picket
Opal Bruner

Precinct No. 4, voting Board Inspectors
Callie L. Paulus
Agnes Mott
Geo. Hamilton
Clerks
Ruby White
Della Butler

Precinct No. 5, voting Board
Inspectors:

Eva King
Lenora Christie
Myrtle O. Smith
Clerks:

Mrs. L.M. Garner
Helen I Johnson

Precinct No. 6, voting Board
Inspectors:

Gladys Stinson
Lola Adams
Lola Hinman
Clerks:

Nelda Adams
Bertha Bailey

Precinct No. 7, voting Board
Inspectors
Anna L. Pieffer
Josie Thompson
Mrs. Dan Jondahl
Clerks:

Julia Cahlan
Myrtle Bond

Precinct No. 8, voting Board Inspectors
Effie Deadrich
Mrs. W.F.Stone
Lucile Hampton
Clerks:

Myra Connelly
Clara MacDonald

Precinct No. 9, voting Board
Inspectors
Olive Roberts
Mrs. Ed Wait
Caroline Carroll
Clerks:

Susanna Mankiewicz
Elizabeth Bailey

Precinct No. 10, voting Board Inspectors
Mabel Reeves
Elizabeth Pembroke
Sadie Bluchard
Clerks
Marie Ogle
Mary J. Lodwick

Precinct No. 11 voting Board
Inspectors
Ethel M. Spence
Florence Gallagher
Holmes L. Warren
Clerks

Velma Van Eaton
Mamie Croal

Precinct No. 3, counting Board
Inspectors:

Florence Mellor

LaPrele Neagle Fields
Marion Rockefeller
Clerks:

Miranda Cramer
Wanda Moser

Precinct No. 4, counting Board Inspectors
Lottie McKenzie
Louise Conklin
Marguerite Black
Clerks:

Clark D. Reed
Bertha Montgomery

Precinct No. 5, Voting Board
Inspectors:

Luella McEvoy
Glenna Wilson
Pearl Baker
Clerks:

Josephine Hing
Mrs. Joe Smith

Precinct No. 6, counting Board.

Inspectors
LaVerna Whipple
Lydia Homan
Alice Frost
Clerks:

Baza Mae Silk
Caroline Heaton

Precinct No. 7, counting Board
Inspectors
Mabel Grant
Gilda Mosback
Ruth Harvey
Clerks:

Mabel Ayers
Lillian A. Duff

Precinct No. 8, counting Board Inspectors
Harriette Hemphill
John R. Williams
Edwin Palmer
Clerks:

Olive Egglingtcn
Katherine Hickey

Precinct No. 9, counting Board
Inspectors
Ella Morrison
Margaret Butler
Mrs. O.M. Sprague
Clerks:

Zette Hidden Pelke
Viola Fitzgerald

Precinct No. 10, counting Board Inspectors
Lucy Barnum Roberts
Josephine Ellis
Ethel M. Kent
Clerks

Marjorie Pyatt
Sadie Younce.

Precinct No. 11 voting Board
Inspectors
Max Knauss
Mrs. Orvil Lee
Mrs. Neal Campbell
Clerks

Elfreida Hensler
Ruby Leonard

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that no candidate for office at such election shall be entitles to
have his name placed placed upon the official ballot unless such candidate shall, not more
than fifty days nor less then thirty days before the date of election, file in the office of
the City Clerk of said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a petition of nomination, in writing, con-
taining the name of the person nominated, the office for which he is nominated, and setting
forth his qualification as required by Section 6 Chapter 11 of the City Charter of said City
of Las Vegas. Such petition shall be subscribed and sworn to by the candidate nominated: and
there shall be charged each candidate, for filing such petition of nomination, a fee of $5.00
which shall be paid to the City Clerk at the time of filing and for the General Fund of said
City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of said City be, and she is, hereby authorized and
directed t notify the County Clerk of Clark County, Nevada, to open registration for the
registration of voters of said City of Las Vegas for said General City Election at the time
and in the manner provided by laws of the state of Nevada, governing the registration of votes
such registration to open on the 18th day of March, 1935, and close on the 16th day of April
1935.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be and she is hereby
authorized and directed to have official ballots prepared and to do and perform all such
other or further acts, and give such notices as may be necessary or required by the charter
of said City or by the general election laws of the State of Nevada, in order that said
election may be called and held, and that the qualified voters of said City may have due
notice thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all provisions of the general election laws of the State of
Nevada, so far as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with the said City Charter
of the said City of Las Vegas, shall be observed in conducting said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor, or Mayor Pro. Tem. of said City of Las Vegas, be
and he is hereby authorized an directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding
of said election, and that such proclamation contain the information necessary to fairly
apprize the qualified voters of said City of Las Vegas of the date, time and place of holding
and purposes of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, THAT SUCH PROCLAMATION BE PUBLISHED IN THE Las Vegas Review-Journal,
a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Neva a, for one issue not less than six weeks prior to the date of such election,

he ballot at such election shall contain such further questions as may properly submitted
to the vote of the qualified electors of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the appointing of two members of the Planning Commission was brought before
the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that J.P. King and A.C. Granted be appointed to serve on the Planning Commission. Said terms
to expire May 25th, 1938.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the City call for bids on a fire truck. That the specifications for said fire
truck be prepared by H. Case, chief of the Las Vegas Fire Dept.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The business of having the Fire Marshall paid by the City of Las Vegas was next presented
to the Board, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was
moved and carried that Leon Rockwell, Fire Marshall of the City of Las Vegas be placed on a
salary of $100.00 per months for two months. That is to say from the 10th day of March, 1935,
to the 20th day of May, 1935, to take care of fire hazards now existing in the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the beverage license granted to Lee Shelly be transferred to Chris C. Giesecke.
Application appeared in proper form.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday March 22nd, 1935.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 22nd, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd of March 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German,
and Down and Marble, City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time a petition was presented to the Board signed by a number of tavern owners
asking that the hours for the playing of music in taverns be extended from 2 o'clock A.M. to
four o'clock A.M. Said petition was turned to W.C. German, Police and Fire Commissioners and
he was directed to have the matter investigated by the police department to ascertain if it
would be tb the best interest of the parties interested to change said hours.

At this time the signing of the contract for the supplying of the City with lamps for
the various departments was considered, and the awarding of said contract was turned to
Jas. H. Down, Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the first day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 1st, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 1st day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

he Board took under consideration at this time the placing of the question of municipal
ownership on the ballot at the coming general City Election.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Down the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED: That, pursuant to the authority in this Board vested, the question of whether or not
the duly qualified Electors of said City are in favor of a municipally owned electric power and
light plant and system for the furnishing and distribution of electric power and energy to and
for the inhabitants of said City, and the creation and maintenance of same, be placed on the
ballot and submitted to the duly qualified Electors of said City for approval or disapproval
at the General City Election to be held on Tuesday the 7th day of May, 1935, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED: That, the City Clerk be and she is hereby ordered and directed to
have printed on said ballot said question in the following form:

Do you favor the proposition of and so direct the Board of City Commissioners
and proper officials of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to create or acquire and
maintain a municipally owned electric power and light plant and system for the
sale and distribution of electric power and energy to the inhabitants of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada?

YES__________________

NO__________________

Vote on the foregoing resolution was Commissioners Arnett, Down and Marble, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of property
owners asking that no provision be made for the opening of a funeral home at 511 Fremont Street.
Also a number of interested persons appeared in person asking that the operation of such business
be prohibited in said district.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, Seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that said petition be placed on file until the matter was considered at a meeting to be held
on the 5th day of April, 1935.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the follow-
ing liquor licenses be granted:

Fountain Grill, Read City Drug, Rex Jarrett and Victor E. Willis retail beverage licenses
(5½%) license fee $10.00 per quarter

Read City Drug and Fountain Grill retail liquor stores sealed packages only fee $500.00 per
quarter year.

Outpost Trading Company wholesale beverage license $25.00 per quarter year.

Vote on the motion was Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following slot machine
licenses were granted:

Jack Weisberger	3	machines

R.H. Lowery	1	machine

Frank C. Kiernen	2	machines

Rex Jarrett	1	machine

Fountain Grill	1	"

White Cross Drug Co.	2	"

A.E. King Ellison	1	"

Read City Drug	3	"

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.
Vote in said motion was as follows; Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following gaming and slot machine licenses be granted. All applications being in proper
form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Boulder Club Inc. 8 slot machines, two card games, seven devices including Keno.

Jack D. Butler, one card game and two devices

Las Vegas Club, four slot machine, three card games, seven devices, including Keno.

Northern Club, three slot machines, two card games, five devices.

P.O. Silvagni, Three slot machines, five devices.

C.F. Reid one poker table.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

At this time Mr. Marble announced that all was in readiness for the annual City Clean-up
week, and ask that definite dates be set.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the week of April 15th to 20th, 1935 be designated as the annual clean-up week.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Answering roll call were Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Down, German and Marble, City
attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

The Board at once entered into a discussion on the matter of submitting the question of
municipal ownership to the electors at the coming General City Election as was passed at the
recessed regular meeting held on Monday the 1st day of April, 1935, and after some discussion on
the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble, that the action of
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas in the adoption of a resolution on the
first day of April 1935, at a recessed regular meeting submitting to the electors of said City
the question of whether or not they were in favor of the creation or acquiring of a municipally
owned power plant for the distribution of electric power to the inhabitants of said City is
hereby approved;

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the purchasing of a fire truck and at
the direction of the Mayor the Clerk opened the bids, of the Mack Motor Corporation, The American
LaFrance Corporation, and the Seagreaves Corporation.

H. Case, Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Dept. and being present was ask to make recommend-
ation to the Board as to the truck he thought the best and must suitable for use in the City of
Las Vegas. His recommendation was the Seagreaves Fire Truck.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that
the Board act on the recommendation of W.C. German, Police and Fire Commissioner in the selection
of the fire truck purchase.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Down Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the City purchase a Seagraves fire truck. Recommendation for purchase of said truck being made to
the Board by W.C. German, Police and Fire Commissioner and that the price be $6,500.00 less 5% foo
cash on delivery. Delivery to be in sixty days. The Mayor and City Clerk to be directed to enter
into said contract with Seagraves Corporation.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Down, German and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The purchase of new fire hose was also considered at this time and on motion of Commissioner
German seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the City call for bids on the
purchase of one thousand feet of fire hose and that Fire Chief Case prepare the specifications,
and that such bids be opened on May the 4th, 1935.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Down, German and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that W.B. Ross, Pete Peccole and The La Tavern be granted tavern licenses. Applications being in
proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Down, German and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

 On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that Wm. Pansy be granted to beverage license for 120½ North First Street for the Paris Inn Beer
Gardens. Application being in form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that
the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same:

J.W. Woodard	1 slot machine

P.O.	Salvagini	6	"	"

J.M.	Sills	2	"	"

Pepe	Peccole	1	"	"

J.R.	McMichael	1	"				      "

Drake & Argyle	 2 "      "

W.E.	Ferron	2	"	"

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a Tango license be issued to the Rainbow Tango Parlor at 17 Fremont St. Application being
in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett Marble German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 5th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 5th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners	of	the City of Las Vegas

held on the 5th day	of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock	P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and
German City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

At this time a number of interested persons appeared be fore the Board in regard to the
opening of a mortuary on Fremont Street. This was the time Set by the Board for hearing of
protests if any.

Mr. Garrison who was desirous of opening said mortuary appeared before the Board in his
behalf as did Leo McNamee, Mr. Luce of Luce and Goodfellow, Mr. Martin, from Art Candee Co.

Mrs. Harry Anderson was present and opposed the opening of said business in said location.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Arnett it was moved	and carried that the City Clerk be directed	to write	the	Las Vegas Chamber

of Commerce and ask	for recommendation from that body as to the	district	for	locating mortuaries,

and the amending of the City Zoning Ordinance allowing mortuaries outside the Industrial
district.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner German not voting. Commissioner Down absent.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and
money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

State Cafe	1 slot machine license

Art Schreiber	7	"	"	"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and German and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 10th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 10th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and
Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. Garrison again appeared before the Board in regard to the amending of the City
Zoning Ordinance allowing mortuaries outside the Industrial District. After some discussion
on the matter Mr. Garrison was informed that the Board would consider the placing of mortuaries
in the commercial district, and set April 19th, 1935 at the time in which said amendment would
be considered.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
to donate the sum of one hundred dollars from the Publicity Fund towards the transportation of
fish from hatcheries to Boulder Dam Lake.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted. All applications being in form and money
on file with the Clerk covering the same.

L.L. Arnett	34	machines

E.P. Bihlmaier	23	machines

E.D.Ciliax	3	Machines

W.J. Lincoln	1	machine

Professional Pharmacy	2	machines'

A.H. Stevenson	1	machine

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	7	machines

J.T. Watters	3	machines

White Spot Cafe	3	machines

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that a beverage license be granted to Edward Scott at 310 No. 2nd St. Application
being in proper form and money to cover same on file with the clerk.
Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the publishing of the list of voters at the
coming City Election. As this is not required by law at a City election it was on motion of
Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble moved and carried that the list of voters
in the City of Las Vegas be published owing to the large number of new registrations which
would aid in the placing of voters election day.

The vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board was presented with a petition signed by a number of tavern owners
asking that gaming be allowed in places where liquors were sold and served. Attorney Louis
Cohen appeared in behalf of the tavern owners. No action was taken on the matter at this time.
at the request of Attorney Cohen.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting then recessed until Friday the
19th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 19th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 19th day of April, 1935 at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down, Deputy City Attorney Marshall, and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time the Board entered into the discussion of the prepared amendment to the City
Zoning Ordinance and the districts involved with the City Engineer A.R. Thompson, and after
reaching a decision as to the zoning of the City the following ordinance was introduced and
passed as an emergency ordinance:

"An Ordinance to amend Section II, and Section III, as amended, and section V, as amended,

Of ordinance No. 168, entitled, "An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, estab-
lishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within the said City of Las
Vegas; defining such districts: declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate
certain factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial
districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of
certain works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said
ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith."

Vote on the passage and adoption of said ordinance was as follows: Commissioners Arnett,
Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

The City Clerk was then directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age,

a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of two consecutive weeks.

hat is to say once each week for two weeks, namely April 19th and 26th, 1935 and said ordinance
to be known as Ordinance No. 214, and to be in full force and effect from and after May 4th, 1935.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Friday the 3rd day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 19th, 1935.

Minutes of a	recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the	City	of Las

Vegas held on the	19th day of April at the hour of	three o'clock P.M.

Present to answer roll call were Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down,
Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time	the Clerk presented to the Board	for consideration a number of	slot	machine

applications, and	upon motion of Commissioner Down	seconded by Commissioner Marble it	was moved

that said applications for slot machine licenses be granted as the applications were in proper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.
" An Ordinance to amend section II, Section III, as amended, and Section V, as amended, of
Ordinance No. 168, entitled, "An ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las Vegas, establish-
ing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within the City of Las Vegas;
defining such districts; declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain, or operate certain
factories, works or establishments within said residence districts and said commercial dis-
tricts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and rebuilding of certain
works or establishments in said districts; providing penalties for the violation of said or-
dinance,	and repealing ordinances in conflict herewith," was	read	for	a first	and second time

and passed as and emergency	ordinance upon the second reading	upon	the	following vote: 

Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

The City Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance No. 214 published in the Las Vegas
Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas for two weeks, that is to
say April	19th and 26th and	said ordinance would be effective	May 4th,	1935.

No	further business appearing before the Board at this	time	the	meeting	recessed until

Friday the 3rd day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 3rd, 1935.

 Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 3rd day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down City Attorney and Deputy City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German, and City Clerk. (Temporary leave for the voting of absent
voters).

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Marble,
and Down, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Arnett.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following gaming and slot machine licenses be granted:

Avalon Novelty Company 2 Exhibit Digger Machines
E.P. Bihlmaier	1 Slot Machine

L.L. Arnett	2	"	"

Las Vegas Sweet Shoppe	4	"	"

Silver Club one each Roulette, Craps and and Twenty-one.

Applications all being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the purchasing of one thousand feet of
fire hose. Bids having been issued by the Clerk under the direction of Fire Chief Case. A number
of bids having been received the Clerk was directed to open same by the Mayor.	

After due consideration on all bids presented to the Board on motion of Commissioner German
Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the City purchase one thousand feet of
fire hose from the Eureka Fire Hose Mfg. Co. Price for same being $1.30 per foot. Delivery of
same to be in thirty days. That the Mayor and the Clerk enter into a contract with said company
for the delivery of said hose and that cash be paid for the same upon delivery.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.
A number of persons interested in forming an association to promote horse racing in the City
were present and ask the co-operation of the City in the building of a race track at what is known
as the City Park Grounds. The name of the said association being the Clark County Horse Breeders
Association. No definite action was taken tut the Board assured the representation that they
would assist them in every way possible.

It was brought to the attention of the members of the Board that the Six Companies in Boulder
City, Nevada were disposing of used building materials at a very reasonable price. Upon motion
of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried that J.P. King
Supt. of streets negotiate with the Six Companies for the purchase of LOOO railroad ties @ 15¢
each.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following beverage and liquor licenses be granted.

Lorenzi Beverage license $10.00 per quarter year

D.G. Lorenzi Retail liquor license, sealed packages only, $50.00 per quarter year.

Jack Irish	Beverage license $10.00 per quarter year.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

The selection of special officers to serve at the several election voting precincts in the
City at the coming General City election was next brought before the Board, and upon motion of
Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried W.C. German, Police and
Fire Commissioner appoint the Special officer and that the same be sworn in under the official
oath of the City of Las Vegas, by the City Clerk. Compensation for same being $6.00 per day.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 10th day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.



OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
MAY 10th, 1935.

	Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas held on the 10th day of May 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time an amendment to the ordinance creating a Park Commission was taken under con-
sideration, and the various lengths of terms for the commission discussed. The amendment was not
given a first reading at this time.

A number of persons interested in the Clark County Horse Breeders Association appeared before
the Board and stated that the organization had changed the name of the same to the Las Vegas Horse
Breeders Association and that the body was still interested in the installation of a race course
in the said City.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
three slot machine licenses be granted to Dave Stearns.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 16th day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 16th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of May, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Arnett,

Marble and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.
On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage (5½%) be granted to D.G. Lorenzi at the Dance Hall at Lorenzi Lake
Resort. Application being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same the
vote was called as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

At this time the application of the Mission Taxi Company was presented to the Board for con-
sideration. Application being for a taxi license, with proof of policy accompanying the same. After
some discussion on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Down moved and carried that the same be granted upon the following vote being called; Commissioners
Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye. Commissioner Arnett passing his vote.

The Board at this time canvassed the vote cast at the General City Election held on the
7th day of May, 1935, for the election of A Mayor and a Commissioner of the First Class and a
Commissioner of the Second Class and to vote on the proposition of municipally owner power and
light plant, the result of said canvas being as follows:

FOR MAYOR

L.L. ARNETT

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	185

"	"	No. 2	169

"	"	"	No. 3	134

"	"	"	No.	4	86

"	"	"	No.	5	140

"	"	"	No.	6	115

"	"	"	No.	7	168

"	"	"	No.	8	135

"	"	"	No.	9	115

"	"	"	No.	10	106

"	"	No. 11	114_Total 1467

E.W. CRAGIN

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	111

"	"	No. 2	100

"	No.	3	105

"	"	"	No.	4	77

"	"	"	No.	5	107

"	"	"	No.	6	146

"	"	"	No.	7	149

"	"	"	No.	8	93

"	"	"	No.	9	90

"	"	"	No.	10	66

"	"	"	No.	11			               49 Total 1093

JAS. H. DOWN

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	3

"	" No. 2	17	

"	"	"	No.	3	10

"	"	3	No.	4	18

"	"	"	No.	5	23

"	"	"	No.	6	28

"	"	"	No. 7	25

"	"	"	No. 8	28

"	"	"	No.	9	10

"	"	"	No.	10	12

"	"	"	No.	11	 14______Total	188

FOR COMMISSIONER FIRST CLASS

C.V. T. GILBERT

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	72

"	"	No.	2	60

"	"	"	No.	3	74

"	"	"	No.	4	54

"	"	"	No.	5	77

"	"	"	No.	6	98

"	"	"	No.	7	108

"	"	"	No.	8	63

"	"	"	No.	9	104

"	"	"	No.	10	51

"	"	"	No.	11	71_  Total	832

H.P. MARBLE

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	86

"	No.	2	89

"	"	"	No.	3	95

"	"	"	No.	4	79

"	"	"	No. 5	119

"	"	"	No.	6	148

"	"	"	No.	7	175

"	"	"	No.	8	135

"	"	"	No.	9	54

"	"	"	No.	10	90

"	"	"	No.	11			               60        Total	1130

BEN MINTER

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	119

"	"	"	No.	2	118

"     "    No.	3	70

"	"	"	No.	4	39

"	"	"	No.	5	58

"	"	"	No.	6	37

"	"	"	 No.	7	45

"	"	"	No.	8	46

"	"	"	

No. 9	55
BEN MINTER ( continued)

Las Vegas Precinct No. 10	39

"	"	"	No. 11	36__________Total 662

FOR COMMISSIONER THIRD CLASS

W.C. GERMAN

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	70

"	"	No. 2	70

"	"	"	No.	3	79

"	"	"	No.	4	64

"	"	"	No.	5	94

"	"	"	No.	6	116

"	"	"	No.	7	122

"	"	"	No.	8	82

"	"	"	No.	9	72

"	"	"	No.	10	52

"	"	"	No.	11	36   Total 	857

GENE WARD

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	223

"	"	No. 2	212

"	"	"	No.	3	167

"	"	"	No.	4	116

"	"	"	No.	5	172

"	"	"	No.	6	167

"	"	"	No.	7	212

"	"	"	No.	8	168

"	"	No. 9	141

"	"	"	No.	10	128

"	"	"	No.	11	139  Total	1845

FOR PROPOSITION NO. 1

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	226

"	"	"	No.	2	229

"	"	"	No.	3	180

"	"	"	No.	4	137

"	"	"	No.	5	202

"	"	"	No.	6	213

"	"	"	No.	7	267

"	"	"	No.	8	199

"	"	"	No.	9	164

"	"	"	No.	10	146

"	"	"	No.	11	154 Total 2117

AGAINST PROPOSITION NO. 1

Las Vegas Precinct No. 1	20

"	"	No. 2	11

"	"	"		No. 3	36

"  No. 4	27

"	"	"	No.	5	33

"	"	"	No.	6	34

"	"	"	No.	7	45

"	"	"	No.	8	37

"	"	"	No.	9	14

"	"	"	No.	10	14

"	"	"	No.	11	 4________________Total	275

hereupon, it appearing to the Board that L.L. ARNETT has received a plurality of all votes
cast for the office of Mayor it was there fore RESOLVED on motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded
by Commissioner Down, that the said L.L. Arnett be and he is hereby declared to be the duly
elected Mayor of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further RESOLVED
that the City Clerk and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said
L.L. Arnett. Voting on the said Resolution Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes none.

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that H.P. MARBLE has received a plurality of all
votes cast for the office of City Commissioner of the First Class it was THEREFORE RESOLVED, on
motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Down, that the said H.P. Marble be and
he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner of the First Class of the City
of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it was further RESOLVED that the City Clerk be
and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said H.P. Marble. Voting
on said Resolution, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Aye.
Noes none.
THEREUPON, it appearing to the Board that GENE WARD has received a plurality of all votes
cast for the office of City Commissioner of the Third Class, it was THEREFORE RESOLVED, on
motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down, that the said Gene Ward be and
he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Commissioner of the -Third Class of the City
of Las Vegas for the ensuing term of four years, and it was further Resolved that the City Clerk
be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to the said Gene Ward. Voting
on s id Resolution, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem Aye.
Noes none.

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that Proposition No. 1 on said ballot at said City
lection Held May 7th, 1935 had carried by a large plurality it was on motion of Commissioner
Arnett Seconded By Commissioner Marble that the said Board proceed with said proposition when
in its opinion was the best and most appropriate time to do so.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Friday
the 24th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 24th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 24th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Marble and Down, City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Arnett and German.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded By Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the liquor license heretofore issued to the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation at 508 So
Main Street be transferred to 123 South Main Street. Said location being within the zone estab-
lished for wholesale liquor dealers.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to the Vegas Sweet shoppe. Application being
proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a retail beverage license (5½%) be granted to H.P. Muller, 810 Fremont St. Application being
in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

At this time the resignation of A.R. Thompson as City Engineer, Building and Plumbing
Inspecter for the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the resignation of A.R. Thompson be accepted as he had accepted a position in Northern
Nevada which would require that his place of residence be changed.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

At this time the application of C.D. Baker for City Engineer for the City of Las Vegas
was presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that C.D. Baker be appointed City Engineer and acting Plumbing and Building Inspector for the
City of Las Vegas from May 25th to June 3rd 1935, inclusive. That he would qualify as such
City Engineer by taking the official oath of office Salary to be $150.00 per month.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

As there are a number of improvements anticipated in the City of Las Vegas at this time
with the help of the F.E.R.A. it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Down moved that the City Clerk be directed to write to Geo. Schmidt, State Comptroller at
Carson City Nevada and ascertain from him all information possible for the securing financial
aid from the F.E.R.A.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 3rd day of June, 1935 at the hour of two o'clock
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 3rd, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 3rd day of June, 1935 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Cragin Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down
City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by Mayor Cragin.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

H.P. Marble, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand ($1000.00)
Dollars, with the American Surety Company as surety thereon; said bond having been approved by
Earl Davison, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County Nevada, as required
by law. Mr. Marble also presented his oath of office. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried
said bond and oath of office were duly approved and ordered filed in the office of the City Clerk.

Gene Ward, Commissioner-Elect, presented his bond in he sum of One Thousand ($1000.00)
Dollars, with the American Surety Company as surety thereon; said bond having been approved by
Earl Davison, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioner of Clark County, Nevada, as required
by law. Mr. Ward also presented to the Board his oath of office. Upon motion duly made seconded
and carried said bond and oath of office were approved and ordered filed in the office of the
City Clerk.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that Commissioner Down act as Chairman of the meeting.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Ward Down voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board the written resignation of L.L. Arnett,

Finance Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Arnett ask that his resignation be given
immediate attention so that he might enter into his duties as the newly elected Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the resignation of L.L. Arnett be accepted.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Ward and Chairman Down voting aye.

Noes, none.

L.L. Arnett, Mayor-Elect, of the City of Las Vegas, presented his bond in the sum of One
Thousand ($1000.00) Dollars, with the American Surety Company as surety thereon; said bond having
be approved by Earl Davison, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioner of Clark County, Nevada,
as required by law. Hr. Arnett also presented his oath of office. Upon motion duly made seconded
and carried said bond and oath of office were approved and ordered filed in the office of the
City Clerk.

Thereupon Messers Arnett, Marble and Ward entered upon the duties of their offices.

Mayor Arnett presiding stated that he first order of business to come before the new Board
was the election of one of its members to the office of Mayor Pro Tem.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
Jas. H. Down, the senior member of the Board be elected Mayor Pro Tem.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Marble, Ward and Down and Mayor Arnett voting aye. Noes none.

The appointing of a commissioner to fill the unexpired term of L.L. Arnett was next brought
before the Board for consideration. On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Down it was moved and seconded by David Farnsworth be appointed to fill the unexpired term of
office caused by the resignation of L.L. Arnett.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, Ward, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Mayor Arnett appointed the Commissioners to the various departments, as follows:

Jas. H. Down	Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Light.

David Farnsworth Commissioner of Finance

H.P. Marble	Commissioner of Streets and Public Places.

Gene Ward	Commissioner of Police and Fire.

The setting of the day and hour of the regular meeting of the Commission was next brought
before the commission for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the regular meeting of this Board be held on the 4th day of each month, provided if such day fall
upon a Sunday or holiday the meeting will be held on the next secular or business day, without
notice and with out recess or adjournment being required.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble Ward, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board communications from Lent D. Upson and Pat McCarran in regard
to the City of Las Vegas securing aid from the Federal Government for the care of the unemployed
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the communications be placed on file for future reference.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.


The appointing of a permanent City Engineer was next brought before the Board for consideration, and on
motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that C.D. Baker
be appointed to the position of City Engineer. To qualify by taking the official oath of office
and filing with the Clerk a bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, to hold office at the pleasure
of the Board of Commissioners.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the
salary of the City Engineer be the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars per month, and that he be the acting
Building and Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas. As such City Engineer he meet the require-
ments as is set forth in Ordinance No. 163 of the City of Las Vegas, and in Section 5½A of the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Down, Commissioner of Water Sewer and Lights announced that no change was being anticipated
in any of his various departments at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the office of the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas be declared vacant as of this date, 3rd of
June, 1935, and that Dave Mackey be appointed Chief of Police to be effective on and after June 16th, '35.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Marble Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
O.C. Boggs, Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas be paid his salary from the 1st to the 15th
of June, 1935,(Inclusive)

Vote was as follows Commissioners Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Marble not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to write Mr. O.C. Boggs and extend to him the apprec-
iation of the Board of City Commissioners for his services rendered the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Mr. Claude Mackey, of the F.E.R.A. appeared before the Board and ask that that body co-operate
with the F.E.R.A. in the securing of a fish hatchery for this locality.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas co-operate in every way possible with the

F.E.R.A. for the securing of a fish hatchery for this community.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and seconded that
the office of Municipal Judge be declared vacant effective June 16th, 1935.

Voting Commissioners Marble, Down and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
T.M. Carroll be appointed Municipal Judge for the City of Las Vegas, Same to be effective as of
June 16th, 1935. Salary to be $100.00 per month, and said T.M. Carroll to qualify by taking the
official oath of office and filing with the City Clerk a bond in the sum of $2,000.00

Vote was as follows Commissioners Ward, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Com-
missioner Down not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the office of City Attorney be declared vacant as of June 16th, 1935. That A.S. Henderson, present
City Attorney be allowed his entire salary for the month of June, 1935. Salary of new City attorney
to begin as of June 16th, 1935.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Mayor Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that Ryland
Taylor be appointed City Attorney, to hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners,
and to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing in the Clerk's office a bond in the
sum of One thousand Dollars. Salary for said office being $200.00 per month.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and
carried that the City Clerk be directed to write letters of appreciation to both Frank McNamee,
and A.S. Henderson for their faithful services to the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

The giving of financial aid to the band of the City of Las Vegas was next taken under con-
sideration and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and
carried that the sum of Twenty-five Dollars be taken from the Publicity Fund for the next four
months that is to say, June, July, August and September, 1935 to be used for the support of said
band.

Vote was as follow Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.
On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that H. Case present Chief of the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Dept. be retained Chief of that
Department. No compensation or salary being paid.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Ward, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of June 1935 at the hour of five o'clock P.M. (No hour for the holding of
said meetings on the 4th day being set the hour of five o'clock P.M. was designated as the
most logical time to hold this meeting.)

The hour of holding the regular  monthly meeting of the Board of Commissioners was discussed and
it was determined that the hour of seven o'clock P.M. would be the most convenient for all
concerned. Therefore after this date the regular meeting would be held at the hour of seven
o'clock P.M. on the 4th day of each month as set by a resolution passed the 3rd fay of June,
1935.

The following answered roll call Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down, Mayor Arnett,

City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. Mable was appointed acting Finance Commissioner to approve the few remaining claims
for the month of June.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of Jake Ensley for a retail beverage
license for 20 Stewart Street. Mr. Ward, Commissioner of Police and Fire ask that said appli-
cation be held up for further investigation.

The application of Jerry George for a taxi license was laid over until the bond or the
proof of bond was presented to the Board.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
6th day of June at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 6th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the	Board of	Commissioners	of	the City	of	Las

Vegas, Clark County Nevada held on the 6th day of	June, 1935 at the hour	of	seven o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down City
Attorney Henderson and City Clerk

he Clerk presented to the Board for its consideration the applications of Jake Ensley,
and C.F. Reid for retail beverage licenses. Applications being in proper from and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same, it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner 

Down moved and carried that the licenses be granted.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes. none.

The report of L.H. Rockwell, Fire Marshall of	the City	of Las Vegas, for	a period	of	sixty

days that is to say March 20 to May 20 1935 was presented	to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Marble it was moved and seconded by Commissioner Down that the
report of L.H. Rockwell be accepted and placed on file with the City Clerk for future reference.

Vote was Commissioners Marble, Down and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that L.H. Rockwell be retained as Fire Marshall of the City of Las Vegas as is required by
The City Ordinance covering the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Ward and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Marble was appointed acting Finance Commissioner by the Mayor so that a
few warrants might be allowed cleaning up the business of May, 1935.
On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the Board reconsider the action taken at a recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held on the 3rd day of June, 1935 in regard to the salary of O.C. Boggs, Chief of the Las Vegas
Police Department.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
O.C. Boggs Chief of the Las Vegas Police Department be paid his entire salary for the month of June
1935, in the sum of $225.00, but that his services as such office would terminate on June 15th,
1935, The new chief taking office June 16th, 1935.

The following was called, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Harve Perry and Walter Hunsaker appeared before the Board at this time in regard to securing
light for proposed "soft ball court" to be built on the City park grounds.

They were assured that the City would do all in its power to secure lights for the same.

The appointing of two member to the City Planning Commission was next brought before the
Board for consideration. The terms of A.W. Ham and C.V.T. Gilbert expiring as of May 25th, 1935.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the said C.V.T. Gilbert and A.W. Ham be appointed to succeed themselves as member of the City Plann-
ing Commission their terms of office to expire May 25th, 1939.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

he Clerk drawing the attention of the Board to the fact that a member of the Board should be
appointed on the Milk Ordinance Committee it was on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Com-
missioner Marble moved and carried that Mr. Ward be appointed as a member of the Milk Ordinance
Committee to represent the Board on such committee.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed until
Thursday the 13th day of June, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada.

June 13th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 13th day of June, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll Call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble and Farnsworth,

City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns. Absent Commissioners Ward, and Down.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the oath office and Bond of David Farnsworth be accepted and filed with the City
Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Mr. A.R.Thompson assistant State Engineer for the P.W.A. appeared before the Board at this
time and explained in detail how the City may secure financial held on City improvement pro-
jects.

Mr. Alfred Blackman, City Auditor appeared before the Board and explained in detail
the condition of the budget of the City of Las Vegas. By order of the Board of City Com-
missioners the City Clerk and Auditor were directed to transfer funds from the General Fund of
the City to the various other funds so that ell over drafts might be covered.

At this time the Board took under consideration the improving of the streets in the
City with oil bound gravel. After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and seconded that that City complete
if possible, all the projects petitioned for, and that no more petitions be accepted by the,
Clerk or money received until the further order of the Board of City Commissioners, covering
this class of work.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 20th day of June at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M.
Office of the City Clerk, City of Las Vegas
Clark County, Nevada
June 20, 1935

Minutes of A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 20th, day of June 1935 at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P. M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth
and Ward. City Attorney Ryland G. Taylor and Le Roy Whipple Deputy City Clerk. Absent City
Clerk, Viola Burns..

At this time J. A. Williams appeared before the board to ask permission to use water from
the City well for irrigation of his crops for a two weeks period beginning June 21st, Motion
was made by Commissioner Marble and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth that Mr. Williams be
given permission to use water from the City Well for a period of two weeks beginning June 21st,
and vote was taken as follows; Down, Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye., Noes None..

Mayor Arnett then presented a report issued by the Las Vegas Land and Water Company,
showing the consumption of water used in the City, setting forth that a waste of water existed
throughout the City and asking the Board of City Commissioners cooperation in taking steps to
prohibit such waste of water wherever it was possible to do so. Upon motion made by Commissioner
Marble and seconded by Commissioner Ward, the board went record favoring the following;;;

It appearing to the Board that certain complaints have been made to the effect that there
is unnecessary waster of water within the City of Las Vegas; and it also appearing, after
investigation, that the storage facilities for the city water supply are inadequate to preserve
and utilize for beneficial purposes the natural water supply at its source; that there is, in
fact, an abundance of water to supply this community and even a much larger community than the
City of Las Vegas if it is properly developed, preserved and stored; that the supply might be
preserved by adding to the present or establishing new storage facilities. And the Board being
desirous of preserving, developing and utilizing to the fullest extent the water and other
natural resources of the City for the benefit of its citizens, therefore be it.

"RESOLVED, that the Citizens of Las Vegas be and they hereby are requested to co-operate
with all concerned in the preservation and conservation of the water supply and that they avoid
any waste or unnecessary use of the City's water supply until the problem can be corrected,
or in the absence of such correction by the company, then to give the board an opportunity to
correct the matter." Vote being Down, Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.,
Noes .. None.

Commissioner Marble asked permission of the Board to grant him authority to turn over the
City Park for use on July 12th, to the 145th, Field Artillery - National Guard of Utah for camping
purposes. Upon motion made by Commissioner Down, and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, this
was granted, by a vote of the Board and instructions given to the City Clerk's office to write
a letter to Major W. J. Lyons c/o Commissioner Marble, setting forth that Mr. Marble Commissioner
of Streets, had been delegated to act in behalf of the City Commissioners in extending an
invitation to Major W. J. Lyons and the 145th, Field Artillery - National Guard of Utah to use
the City Park for their camping purposed on this date. Vote on same being, Down, Farnsworth,
Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye., Noes None.

Liability and Property Insurance Policy # 2016641 issued by The Home Indemnity Co, of
New York for one year beginning June 16th, 1935 to June 16th, 1936 and covering insurance on
Ford V. 8 Coupe used by the Electrical Dept, of the City., was presented to the Board with
claim for premium on same filed on prescribed City form by P. J. Gallagher in the amount of
$29.80. Vote authorizing acceptance and payment of same being , Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and
His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None  (Absent Down)

Taxi application for Jerry George together with the required Liability Insurance to
operate a taxi cab in the City of Las Vegas was granted and vote an same being, Farnsworth,

Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None ( Down being absent)

Bonds of D. Mackey as Chief of Police for $2,000.00 Ryland G. Taylor as City Attorney
for $1,000.00; T. M. Carroll as Municipal Judge for $2,000.00 and C. D. Baker as City
Engineer for $1,000.00 all issued by the American Surety Co. of N. Y. except bond issued
for R. G. Taylor being issued by The United States Fidelity and Guaranty Co., were approved
and accepted. Vote on same being Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye
Nods None.. (Down being absent)

Motion was made by Mayor Arnett and seconded by Commissioner Marble to appropriate
$25.00 from the City Funds and authorize Ryland G. Taylor to make six copies of the City
Ordinances for use by the City Commissioners.. Vote being as follows; Marble, Farnsworth,

Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None ( Down being absent)

At this time City Engineer C. D. Baker appeared before the Board and asked that
a resolution be adopted wherein" he could be authorized to act in behalf of and for the
City of Las Vegas to file such applications to the Federal Emergency Relief Administration
for such relief projects involving the use of labor, materials supervision and equipment
in which the City of Las Vegas may be interested. Thereupon the Board passed such a
resolution authorizing C. D. Baker, City Engineer, to file applications to the Federal
Emergency Relief Administration, the Nevada State Emergency Relief Administration, or its
successors, for work relief projects involving the use of labor, materials supervision and
equipment in which the City of Las Vegas may be interested; and designating him to sign for
the City the necessary papers in connection therewith, and furnish such information as the
Government may request. Therefore be it.

"RESOLVED. by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; that C. D.

Baker City Engineer, be and he is authorized to execute and file applications on behalf of
The City of Las Vegas to the Federal Emergency Relief Administration, the Nevada State Em-
ergency Relief Administration, or its successors, for work relief projects involving the
use of Labor, materials, supervision and equipment, in which the City of Las Vegas may be
interested; and he is hereby authorized and directed to furnish as the government may re-
quest, and sign for the City the necessary papers in connection therewith". Vote on the
foregoing being, Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor being Aye, Noes None,

(Down being absent)
Motion was made by Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Farnsworth, to authorize and
instruct the City Fire Chief to ask North Las Vegas to set a tentative price on the old
Ford Fire Truck now owned by the City, and for which North Las Vegas has has shown in-
tentions to negotiate for. Vote on same being Farnsworth, Marble, Ward and His Honor
the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None ( Down Being Absent.)

There being no further business before the meeting at this time, the meeting then
recessed until Thursday June 27th, at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JUNE 27th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held on the 27th, day of June, 1935.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Down, Franworth, Marble,
and Ward together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time E.W. Nungesser appeared before the Board in regard to securing paving of
oil bound gravel for the alley in the rear of his residence at No fifth St. He was informed
that if the City was able to secure additional materials from the Highway Dept. of the State
of Nevada that the alley would be paved when money covering the cost of same was filed with
the City Clerk.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board a petition signed by a number of property
owners on the "Westside" asking that the City install a well and pipe lines for the residents
of that district.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the petition be given Jas. H. Down, Water Sewer and Light Commissioner for investigation
of the need of supplying water to that district.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The next order of business appearing before the Board was the granting of gaming and
slot machine licenses for the third quarter year.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the Las Vegas Club be granted four slot machine licenses, two card game licenses and
six devices including one "Keno" game for one hundred fifty chairs.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the
MAyor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that Lewis Pecetti be granted on slot machine license for the Fountain Grill.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following liquor licenses
for the third quarter year were granted:

Patrick Cline, sealed packages only 120½ South ,1st St.

Patrick Cline, 5½% retail beverage, 120- South 1st St.

Walter Theiss, 5½% retail beverage, 114 No. 1st St.

A.E. King Ellison 5½% beverage (retail) 301 No. Main St.

Stanley Gawecki, 5½%	"	" De Lux Auto Camp.

A.F.Smith Jr. and J.P Johnson, tavern license 113 No. 1st St.

Vote was as follows; Commissioner Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The appointing of a Deputy City Attorney was next considered and upon motion of Commissioner
Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that A.W. Ham be appointed as deputy
City Attorney. To hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners, and without compen-
sation from the City.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworths, it was moved and
carried that the bond of the Deputy City Attorney be placed at One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars.
That premium on sid bond be paid by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 5th day of July, 1935
at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward and His
Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioner Down

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the bond of A.W. Ham
as Deputy City Attorney was ordered approved by the Mayor and placed on file with the City Clerk.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
a tavern license be Granted the Village Inn, Walter Theiss, receiver and for Ethel Rapoport, Both
applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same. Also two
retail beverage licenses (5½%) one each to Bessie Williams and Frehner and Evans applications being
inproper form and money on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble the following gaming licenses
were granted. All applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk covering the
same.

Joe H. Morgan 2 devices for the Silver Club
Elmer Sorber, 2 card games, three devices, for Northern Club
Jack Butler, one card game, two devices, Big Four Club.

C.F.Reid one card game.

P.O. Silivagni, four slot machine, four devices for Pache Club.

J. Warren Woodard, two slot machine licenses
W.E. Ferron,	four	"	"	"

Jack Weisberger	one	"	"	"

W.R. Van Eaton	"	"	"	"

Mayme Stocker,	three	"	"	"

P.O. Silvigani	six	"	"	"

J.M. Sill	two	"	"	"

Art Schreiber	six	"	"	"

Pete Pansey	one	"	"	"

Elmer Sorber	three	"	"	"

J.R. McMichael	one	"	"	"

Frank Kiernan	two	"	"	"

Rex Jarrett	one	"	"	"

A.E. King Ellison "	"	"	"

Read City Drug	three "	"	"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the business of the City securing a
blanket insurance on all city owned property, with real and rolling and the insurance of the City
against public liability. After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Farnsworth
seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the City Clerk be directed to have
a call to insurance writers published once in each of the local newspapers asking for bids on
the said blanket insurance for the City.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth is was moved and
carried that the Clerk also be directed to have published in each of said City newspapers a notice
calling attention to the fact that all person, firms or associations having claims against the City
of Las Vegas file same with the City Clerk by the third day of each month and that all claims before
being approved should be accompanied by a requisition showing by whom purchased, the amount and
date of purchase.

Vote on same was as follows, Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Clerk be directed to write Mr. J.P. King, former Street Supt. of the City, in
regard to the apparent duplication of payment of salary for the months of August and Sept, 1934.

Said duplication being apparently during a time when said J.P. King was ill and receiving Nev-
ada Industrial Compensation.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 11th day of July, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 11th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 11th day of July, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Donw, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Two beverage applications were presented to the Board at this time for its consider-
ation and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved that
Joe Pizinger and J.S. Attenacio be granted beverage licenses, applications being in proper
form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth, Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following licenses be granted:

Boulder Club 8 Slot machine licenses, two card games, and five devices.

L.L. Arnett 36 Slot Machine Licenses

E.P. Bihlmaier 20 Slot Machine licenses

W.J. Lincoln 1	"	"	"

Professional Drug 2 slot machines
Vegas Sweet Shoppe 31 Slot Machines
White Spot Cafe 3 slot machine licenses

All applications being in proper form and money on file tot cover said licenses the
following vote was called: Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the awarding of a contract for the
furnishing of gasoline to the various departments of the City, and on motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that the Clerk be instructed
to publish a notice to gasoline dealers calling attention to the fact that the City would
received sealed bids on gasoline up to Thursday the 18th day of July, at the hour of seven
thirty o'clock P.M. at which time said bids would be opened. Said bids to be for contracts
for one year and six months, and the amount consumed by the City estimated at approx-
imately 2,000 gals per month, quality of gasoline first grade.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time Mr. Barry Dibble appeared before the Board in regard to the City making
a survey of the power lines in the City of Las Vegas, and after a lengthy discussion on the
matter the following Preamble and Resolution was introduced and passed:

Pursuant to the wishes of the electorate as express at the General City Election held
on the May 7th, 1935, favoring municipal ownership of certain utilities and for the purpose
of securing necessary and accurate data pertaining to that end the Board of City Commissioners
do hereby resolve on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down,

RESOLVED, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized empowered and directed to enter
into a contract in the following form for and on behalf of the City with Mr. Barry Dibble to
obtain the facts, estimates and values so as to enable the City to proceed to create, pr
acquire, maintain and operate a municipally owned electric power and light plant and system
for the distribution of electric power and energy to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas:
Vote on said Resolution was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward,
and His Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes none.

FORM OF CONTRACT.

A G R E E M E N T

This Agreement, made and entered into this 11th day of July, 1935, by and between THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA, a Municipal Corporation, party of the first
part, hereinafter designated as the City, and BARRY DIBBLE of the City of Redlands, Calif-
ornia, hereinafter designated as the party of the second part, WITNESSETH:

That the party of the second part agrees, that he will at his own expense collect and
compile full, true, complete and accurate engineering data upon and relating to the objects
set forth in the hereunto annexed 'Exhibit A', and furnish the same to the City in at least
quadruplicate copies on or before the tenth day of September, 1935,

As and for compensation for such services it is agreed that the said party of the
second part shall have and receive as such compensation therefor the sum of Eleven Hundred
Fifty (1150.00) Dollars, lawful money of the United States, which shall be paid to the party
of the second part upon the completion of the said services and the delivery of the said
quadruplicate copies of such data to the City.

For the considerations herein expressed it is further agreed that should the City, at
some future time, require the party of the second part to appear and testify, relating to
the data and information herein collected and complied, before any court, board of arbit-
ration, commission or body, he will appear at the request of the City and testify relating
to such matters, and he shall receive compensation for such services in the sum of Fifty
($50.00) Dollars per day, plus his actual expenses for travel and while so in attendance
at the request of the City.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the party of the second part has hereunto set his hand and the City
has hereunto caused this contract to be executed by its Mayor hereunto duly authorized.

Signed:

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK
STATE OF NEVADA.

By L.L. Arnett
Its Mayor.

Barry Dibble
Party of the Second Part.

Attest:

Viola Burns	(City Seal)

City Clerk
E X H I B I T 'A'

The following data is required relating to the plant of The Southern Nevada Power Com-
pany and the Southern Nevada Telephone Company situate within the City of Las Vegas, only:

1.	Number	of	poles, classification, estimated	value.

2.	Classification of wire, the amount of each	class and its	total value.

3.	Amount	of	telephone wires carried by poles	and number of	poles in use for such purpose.

4.	Number	of	cross-arms, pins, insulators and	hardware used	for power lines and	the	value.

5.	Number	of	cross-arms, pins, insulators and	hardware used	for telephone lines	and	the

value.

6.	Classification, number of each class, of transformers, cutouts, lightning arrestors
switches and circuit breakers.

7.	Classification, number of each class and value of power and light meters.

8.	Total approximate cost of present plant.

9.	The value of present plant after deducting depreciation and obsolescence.

10.	The present total value of present plant.

11. The cost of a plant to render equivalent service of present plant.

12. The cost of replacing plant sufficient to supply the City with modern equipment.

13.	Annual charges:--

a.	for the distribution from the present plant.

b.	for distribution from a modern plant.

c.	additional amortization for each over;-

1.	10 years.

2.	15 years

3.	20 years.

and in each case the price of power to the customer.

14.	Detailed inventory, exact location, source of information,and valuation of the City's
plant.

15.	Compare estimated price with former price of power and probable increase in consumption.

16.	Cost of necessary transmission lines and sub-stations to secure power from the government
distributing plant at Boulder City to the City of Las Vegas.

16½. Description and valuation of company's Generating Plant.

17.	Estimated of revenue, cost of operation, maintenance, administration and interest of City.

18.	Such other Engineering data with reference to the present plant and system, and contem-
plated plant and system as will be required in making application to the National P.W.A.
for Federal financial grant or aid, whichever appears to be appropriate.

19.	The City will be furnished quadruplicate copies of these reports and data.

20.	Said works will be completed and the reports in the hands of the City on or before the
10th day of September, 1935.

Conclusion of Exhibit 'A' comprising two pages annexed to contract between City of Las
Vegas and Barry Dibble.

Dated this 11th day of July, 1935.

L.L. Arnett
The Mayor.

Barry Dibble.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 18th day of July, 1935, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 18th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 18th day of July, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney, City Engineer and Clerk.

At this time the business of improving a number of streets in the City of Las Vegas with
oil bound gravel paving, curb and gutters and sidewalks was taken under consideration. A
number of interested property owners were present and were muchly interested in the programme.
Mr. Marble stated that the cost of street paving was placed at $10.00 per twenty-five foot
lot, curb and gutter at 30¢ a lineal foot, and sidewalks at 50¢ per lineal foot. That the money
for the improving of a full block for street work only must be in the hands of the clerk
before said improvement could be started, but that it was only necessary for a half a block
to be signed for and paid to have the curb and gutter improved and that the City would put in
sidewalks in 50 foot strips any place in the City.

No definite action was taken at this time.
An application of John Miller for permission to erect a sign advertising the Sal
Sagev Hotel was presented to the Board of consideration. Said sign to be erected at the
south east corner of Fifth and Fremont Sts.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the application be handed to C.D. Baker, City Engineer for investigation as to the
advisability of allowing a sign at said site.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of the bids for furnishing gasoline to the City
of Las Vegas and a number of bids being in the hands of the Clerk , said bids were ordered
opened and placed on file with the Clerk, as no competitive bids were presented at this time
the Board was of the opinion that the giving of the gasoline sales to the various gasoline
companies a month at a time would be the policy of the Board at the present time.

The Mayor stated that the meeting held the night of the 1st day of August 1935 would be
the time for considering the blanket insurance policy for the City.

(At this time Commissioner Marble ask that he might be excused, which was granted.)

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that Gene Ward and N.T. Preston be granted retail beverage (5½%) licenses. Applications
being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

A.H. Stevenson	1	license

J.A. Prato	1	"

E.D. Ciliax	2	"

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded	by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that

H.P. Marble be granted a thirty day	leave of	absence from his duties as Street Commissioner

same to be effective as of this date.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down	seconded	by Commissioner Ward it was moved that the office

of Deputy City	Electrical Inspector for the City of Las Vegas be created, said	term of office

to be at the pleasure of the Board of City Commissioners, and without compensation.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that H.V. Wingfield be appointed Deputy City Electrical Inspector as per preceding motion.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Mayor Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved that Ryland Taylor
City Attorney be granted a leave of absence from his duties as City Attorney the same to be
effective from August 1st, to August 21st, 1935, inclusive. Said office during his absence to
be filled by A.W. Ham Deputy City Attorney.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

A letter from the American Legion Post No. 8 Las Vegas Nevada asking for a plot in the
Woodlawn Cemetery for burial grounds for the ex-service men was next considered.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved that
the letter be handed Mr. Taylor, City Attorney for investigation as to the best way of handling
same. Mr. Taylor to report to the Board his findings at an early date.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

At this time the Clerk read a letter from the El Centro Chamber of Commerce asking the
City's co-operation in the securing of a highway from the Canadian border to the Mexican border
by way of Ely, Caliente, Las Vegas, Searchlight and Needles. On motion of Commissioner Down
seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved that the City Clerk and the City Engineer
co-operating write a letter to the various bureaus interested and express to them the wish of
the Board in the constructing of said highway, to be known as Highway 93.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed until the 1st day of
August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.


Office of the City Clerk, City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

August 1st, 1935,

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 1st day of August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Farnsworth, Down and Ward,
Deputy City Attorney	Ham and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble, and City Attorney Taylor by leave.

This being the time set by the Board of Commissioners for the consideration of the
securing of a blanket insurance for the City of Las Vegas and a number of insurance agents being
present to present to the Board the rates and various coverages of their respective companies
the Board entered into a general discussion as to the securing of the insurance policy.

No definite action was taken at this time and the Board set the night of August 15th as the
time for again considering the matter.

A number of interested property owners were present and ask the Board to take under
consideration the improving of a number of streets in the City with oil bound gravel paving,
curb and gutter.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to file an application to the
United States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan
and grant to aid in financing the construction of curb, gutter and street paving improve-
ment and designating the City Engineer, City Attorney and City Clerk to furnish such infor-
mation as the Government may request

Be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas Nevada:

Section I. That L.L. Arnett, Mayor, be and he is hereby authorized to execute and file
an application on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to the United States of America for
a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction of curb, gutter and street paving im-
provements.

Section 2. That the City Engineer, City Attorney and City Clerk be and they are hereby
authorized and directed to furnish such information as the United State of America through the
Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works may reasonably request in connection with the
application which is herein authorized and filed.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The amount to be applied for in making the above mentioned application was next brought
before the Board for consideration and Mayor L.L. Arnett subjested the sum of $50,000.00 as being
adequate for the cost of said improvement, therefore upon motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded
by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the City of Las Vegas make application
to the Federal government for $50,000.00 to cover street improvements in the City.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Patrick Cline presented to the Board puts of a Pomona pump suitable for installation at
Woodlawn Cemetery to help care for the water situation there. C.D. Baker, City Engineer was
requested to check the plans and make report to the Board at this next regular meeting August
5th, 1935.

Scout Master Leslie Edwards appeared before the Board and ask if some provision for
public rest rooms at the City Park near the Scout Cabins and the ball diamond. No definite
action was taken at this time, although the matter was given serious consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that J.D. Watters be granted six slot machine licenses and L.L. Arnett one. Applications being
in prooer form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

C.D. Baker, City Engineer brought before the Board the necessity of the City having permeant
 maps of the sewer laters and various street improvements in the City.

Upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that Mr. Baker, have the permanent maps prepared for the City and that same be filed in the office
of the City Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 5th, 1935

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of August 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock

The following answered roll call Mayor Arnett Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward,
Deputy City Attorney Ham and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble and City Attorney Taylor by leave.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money received and distributed as per Ledger on file in Clerks office.

The Board entered into a discussion as to the members of the Board selling any class of
merchandise to the various departments of the City as this is in violation of the City Charter
provisions. Mr. H.P. Marble, Commissioner of Streets and Public Property had previously stated
to the Board that he was not any any way connect with A.C.Grant, Ford Dealer, except as a paid
bookkeeper. No claims were allowed at this time that in any way were connected with any of the
places of business that are operated by any members of the Board of Commissioners.

At this time the Board entered into a discussion on the allowance of the erection of a
sign at the intersection of 5th & Fremont Streets by John Miller, owner of the Sal Sagev Hotel.
This sign to be erected on City owned property and to advertise the Sal Sagev Hotel.

After a very lengthy discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Com-
missioner Down it was moved and carried that John Miller be allowed to erect a sign at 5th and
Fremont Streets on the corner where the Texaco Service Station and Dawson Garage are operated.
Said sign to be erected only by the consent of the State Highway Department, that the standard
used be installed in the exact location of the standard of the State Highway Dept. That the said
sign would clear the street fifteen feet and that said Highway Dept. be allowed to place
the milage signs thereon as has been on its Department Road sign. Should the State Highway Dept.
refuse to allowed said John Miller the use of the City property used for said road sign then in
that event the permission granted to said John Miller is of no effect.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the said Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 15th day of August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 15th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas held on the 15th day of August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock, P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
and Ward, Deputy City Attorney Ham and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble, and City Attorney Taylor by leave.

Commissioner Down was appointed by the Mayor to approve the claims of the Street
Department owing to the absence of Commissioner Marble.

Commissioner Down stated to the Board that he received no pecuniary benefits from
the Claims of one S.S.Carruthers.

Semi-monthly payroll and miscellaneous claims allowed as er per Claims and Warrant
Register on file in the office of the City Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration the appointing of a Board of Ex-
aminers and Appeals as same is provided for in the Building Code adopted by the City in
Ordinance No. 169 of the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Ward Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that the City comply with the terms of the Building Code now in effect in said
City as same is provided for in Chapter 3, Section No. 304 by the appointing of a Board
of Appeals and Examiners.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following be appointed to serve on the said Board of Examiners and Appeals:

Ryland Taylor, as the Lawyer member of the Board.

A.L. Worswick, as the practicing architect.

Sam J. Shaw, Roscoe Hampton, and Harrison Stocks as those who are competent builders,

and qualified to serve on said Board.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk thereupon was directed to notify said parties as to their appointment on said
Board.

A.W. Blackman, Auditor for the City appeared before the Board at this time and discussed
the finances of the City with the members of the Board, and the conditions of the funds of
the various departments of the City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 29th day of August, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 29th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 29th day of August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Minutes of all meetings from June 3rd, 1935 to August 15th 1935 read and approved
as read.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to L.L. Arnett. Application being in proper form
and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board at this time the deed from the Las Vegas Country
Club covering the deeding of the ground used as a golf club to the City of Las Vegas.

Said deed had been recorded so that the City might get its tax exemption.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that the deed from the Las Vegas County Club deeding to the City of Las Vegas
the site of the said club be accepted and filed in the office of the Clerk.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the motion introduced and passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners held on the 1st day of August, 1935, directing the Mayor, L.L. Arnett
to make application for $50,000.00 loan from the F.E.R.A. of the Public Works Administra-
tion be rescinded. Said loan in the sum of $50,000.00 to be used in street improvement
work, and after consideration on the matter the sum of $50,000.00 did not seem ample for
the cost of said improvement.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At appling to the United States of American through the Public Works for a loan
and grant to aid in the financing of street improvement work was next considered, and
on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the City apply to the United States for a loan and grant for the financing of
street improvement work.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble the following
Application Resolution was introduced and passed:

A Resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to file an application to the United
States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan
and grant to aid in financing the construction or purchase and remodeling of a Municipal
Power System and incidental facilities and designating L.L. Arnett, Mayor, to furnish
such information as the Government may request.

"BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas;

1.	That L.L. Arnett, Mayor, be and he is authorized to execute and file
and application on behalf of the City of Las Vegas to the United State
of America for a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction

or purchase of a Municipal Power System and incidental facilities;

2.	That L.L. Arnett, Mayor, Barry Dibble, Engineer, Viola Burns, City
Clerk, and Ryland Taylor, City Attorney, are hereby authorized and
directed to furnish such information as the United States of America
through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works may reason-
ably request in connection with the application which is herein author-
ized to be filed."
Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

That L.L. Arnett, Mayor, be and he is hereby authorized to make application to
the Colorado River Commission of Nevada for a sufficient allotment of power to
supply the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, as, if and when it is ascertained
the amount of	power which will be required to	supply the inhabitants of	the City

of Las Vegas;	and he is further authorized to	protest, resist or object	to the

granting of any applications in hostility to the application of the City of Las
Vegas or which might appear in his judgement to jeopardize the procurement of
the City of Las Vegas of an adequate allotment of power; that he take all steps
and do all things requisite or convenient to the end of protecting the said city's
allotment of power before the said Colorado River Commission."

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, None. Commissioner Down not voting.

At this time on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was
moved and carried that the motion introduced and passed as of this date making application
to the	United States	of America for a loan and grant	for financing street improvements in the

City	of Las Vegas be	rescinded. The rescinding of this	motion being that proper	action on	the

matter had been taken at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
on the 1st day of August, 1935.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLERK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County Nevada, held on the 4th day of September, 1935 at the hour seven P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,

Marble and Ward, City Attorney, City Clerk and City Engineer.

Claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

Moneys proportioned as per Journal.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge Approved by the Mayor.

Commissioner Down stated to the Board that he received no pecuniary benefits from the
claim of one Frank Brodgon.

At this time the Board took under consideration the conditions of the various streets
and alleys in the City of Las Vegas after same had been disturbed by the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company in the repairing of the mains owned by said company. After some discussion on
the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the City Attorney, Ryland Taylor, write the Las Vegas Land and Water Company
and inform that the the streets and alleys should be returned to their proper condition
after excavations had been made in the same. This to be in compliance with Ordinance No.

173.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The increasing of the salary of the City Engineer C.D. Baker was next considered by the
Board, and upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was
moved and carried that, C.D.Baker City Engineer be paid the salary of $200.00 per month effect-
ive as of Sept 1st, 1935 and until the further order of the Board. That said C.D. Baker
also act as Plumbing and Building Inspector for the City of Las Vegas without additional
compensation.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

City Engineer Baker presented to the Board for its consideration the plat of the proposed 

street improvement district. No definite action was taken at this time in the designation
 of the district.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 10th day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.
CALL
SPECIAL MEETING..

TO LE ROY WHIPPLE, DEPUTY CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

A Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas id hereby
called, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's Office, in the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, to be held on Monday the 9th, day of September 1935 at the hour of
seven o'clock P. M. of said day, to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To consider:

The application of the City to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works of The
Federal Government for a grant and loan to aid in financing the construction of oiled graveled streets
and concrete curbs and gutters.

2.	The application of the City to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a
loan and grant to aid in the construction or purchase and remodeling of a municipal power system
and incidental facilities.

Dated this 9th, day of September 1935.

L. L. Arnett.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas..

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO — JAMES H. DOWN, DAVID FARNSWORTH, H. P. MARBLE, Mr. E. WARD, COMMISSIONERS AND TO L. L. ARNETT,
MAYOR, OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

YOU, AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: that pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City will be
held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's Office in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on
Monday the 9th, day of September 1935, at the hour of seven o'clock P. M. of said day to consider
and act upon the following business;

1.	To Consider;

The application of the City to The Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan
and Grant to aid in financing the construction of oiled graveled streets and concrete curbs and
gutters..

2.	The application of the City to The Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a
loan and grant to aid in the construction or purchase and remodeling of a municipal power system
and incidental facilities.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 9th, day of September 1935.

Le Roy Whipple.

Deputy City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas..

ACCEPTANCE___OF SERVICE.

We, the undersigned, Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

Dated this 9th, day of September 1935

L. L. Arnett.	David Farnsworth.

Mayor	Commissioner

Jas. H. Down	H. P. Marble

Commissioner	Commissioner

M. E. Ward.

Commissioner

The following answered roll call, Mayor, L. L. Arnett, Commissioners, Jas. H. Down, David
Farnsworth, H. P. Marble and M. E. Ward. City Attorney, Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy City Clerk
Le Roy Whipple. At this special meeting, Held on the 9th, day of September 1935, a quorum being
present the following business was transacted;

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Ward the following Application
Resolution was introduced and passed;

A Resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to file an application to the United States
of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan and grant to
aid in financing the construction of oiled gravel streets and concrete curbs and gutters and des-
ignating L. L. Arnett, Mayor, to furnish such information as the Government may request.

"BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners; of the City of Las Vegas;

1. That L. L. Arnett, Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to execute and file an application
on behalf of the City of Las Vegas to The United States of America for a loan and grant to aid
in financing the construction of oiled gravel streets and concrete curbs and gutters;

2.	That L. L. Arnett, Mayor, C. D. Baker, City Engineer, Ryland G. Taylor, City Attorney and
A. W. Blackman, Auditor, be and they are hereby authorized and directed to furnish such in-
formation as the United States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public
Works may reasonable request in connection with the application which is herein authorized to

be filed,"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye, Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, the following
Application Resolution was introduced and passed;

A Resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to file an application to the United States
of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan and grant to
aid in financing the construction or purchase and remodeling of a Municipal Power System and in-
cidental facilities and designating L. L. Arnett, Mayor, to furnish such information as the Govern-
ment may request.

" BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas;

1.	That L. L. Arnett, Mayor, be and he is authorized to execute and file an application on
behalf of the City of Las Vegas to the United States of America for a loan and grant to aid
in financing the construction or purchase and remodeling of a Municipal Power System and in-
cidental facilities;

2.	That L. L. Arnett, Mayor, Barry Dibble, Engineer, A. W. Blackman, Auditor, and Ryland G.
Taylor, City Attorney, are hereby authorized and directed to furnish such information as the
Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works may reasonable request in connection with
the application which is herein authorized to be filed."

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye., Noes, none.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 10th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 10th, day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor L. L. Arnett, Commissioners Jas. H. Down,

David Farnsworth, H. P. Marble and M. E. Ward, Also City Attorney Ryland Taylor and Deputy
City Clerk, Le Roy Whipple

At this time Mr. B. H. Greathouse of Jones Decorating Co. of Los Angeles, Calif presented
to the Board, street decorating samples and flags for use in the decorating of streets of the
City in receiving the President of the United States upon his arrival here the later part of
September. After some discussion as to the proper decorations to be used, it was decided
to have Mr. Greathouse present plans, and sketches of the methods that would be suitable, to
Mr. H. P. Marble, Commissioner of Streets by the following Thursday together with prices
covering same, and which in turn would be submitted to the Board for their approval.

A discussion as to the probability of a meeting with the Officials of The Southern Nevada
Power Co, was next entered into, On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner
Marble, instructions were given to the Deputy City Clerk to write to Mr. Ed W. Clark, President
and to Mr. C. S. Wengert, Secretary of the Southern Nevada Power Company, inviting them and
such other of their officers as they wished to have attend; to meet with the Board of City
Commissioners in an informal discussion relative to the subject of the local power situation,

Said meeting to be held at the Wigwam Room of the Sal Sagev Hotel, at two o'clock P. M. September
11th, 1935. Vote being, Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
Voting Aye., Noes, none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 12th, day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 12th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 12th, day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor L. L. Arnett, Commissioners Jas. H. Down,

David Farnsworth, H. P. Marble and Mr. E. Ward , City Attorney, Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy
City Clerk, Le Roy Whipple.

Mr. B. H. Greathouse of the Jones Decorating Co, of Los Angeles, again appeared before
the board with data and sketches of how the streets could be decorated for the reception of
President Roosevelt upon his arrival here last of the month, Upon recommendation of Commissioner
Marble, who had previously studied the situation it was decided to not undertake the purchase
or rental of any more street decorations at this time, the matter was postponed indefinitely;

Mr. E. W. Cragin appeared before the board at this time, and asked for recommendations
as to the disposal of the funds that were raised at the Presidential Birthday party held last
year, after some discussion, motion was made by Commissioner Marble and seconded by Commissioner
Down, that Mr. Cragin be instructed to turn over the existing balance, derived from the dance
given last year on President Roosevelt's Birthday to the local Red Cross, to be used in the
prevention of Infantile Paralysis. Vote on same being as follows; Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth
Marble, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None (amount being $57.23 turned over)

At this time the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the American Legion Post No. 8 appeared
with other officers of the Board of Trustees and represented to the Board of City Commissioners
and proved to its satisfaction by disposition of the records of the American Legion Post No. 8
that more than $5,000.00 to Wit; $8,459.86 had already been spent on the War Memorial Building
upon the ground upon which a lease was sought, and having demanded of the Board a lease upon
said land agreeable with the board and the Las Vegas Post No. 8 of the American Legion as bearing
date of January 14th, 1935. Thereupon having fulfilled that part of the agreement calling for
such a lease to be given by the City to the American Legion Post No. 8. Motion was made by
Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, that the following Lease and
resolution be adopted as follows:

THIS LEASE, made and entered into this 12th, day of September 1935, by and between the City
OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Lessor, and LAS
POST NUMBER 8, THE AMERICAN LEGION, DEPARTMENT OF NEVADA, a Corporation Leese.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas did, on the 12th, day of
September 1935, pass and adopt the following resolution:
"Whereas, the City of Las Vegas heretofore and on the 14th, day
of January, 1935, entered into an agreement with Las Vegas Post Number
8, The American Legion, Department of Nevada, in substance and to the
effect that the City of Las Vegas upon the said American Legion Post
expending the sum of Five Thousand ($5000.00) Dollars or upward upon
the erection of a Memorial Building upon land then under lease from the
City to the said Post, that the City would thereupon lease to the said
Post for a period of fifty years lands upon which the said building was
situate, and,

WHEREAS, it appearing to the Board at this time that the said Post
has expended a sum far in excess of Five Thousand ($5000.00) Dollars
upon the construction of a building upon said land, and,

WHEREAS, it appearing to the Board that the letter and intent
of the said agreement should be complied with and good cause appearing therefore, it is,

	ORDERED AND DIRECTED that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas execute
a lease for and on behalf of the said City with the Las Vegas Post Number
8, The American Legion, Department of Nevada, conveying the following
described premises."

Commencing at the northeast corner of Block Thirty-Three (33) of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite as per map of said Townsite on file and of
record in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, thence
along the prolongation of the easterly line of said Block 33 N. 28˚13' E.
eighty (80) feet to the point of beginning; thence N. 61˚ 47' W. 275.0 feet;
thence No. 28˚13' E. 300.0 feet; thence No. 68°01'20" E. 117.15 feet; thence
S. 61˚47' E. 200.0 feet; thence S. 28˚13' W. 390.0 feet to the point of beginning
, comprising a net area of 2.385 acres.
by lease in form as the hereunto annexed copy for a period of fifty years at the annual
rental of One ($1.00) Dollar per year payable in advance, said term to commence the first
day of September, 1935."

NOW THEREFORE, the said lessor, for and in consideration of the rents covenants
and agreements hereinafter contained and reserved on the part and behalf of the Lessee, to
be paid, kept and performed, does by these presents grant, demise and let unto the said
Lessee all of that said real property described as follows;

Commencing at the Northeast corner of Block Thirty-three (33) of Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite as per map of said Townsite on file and of record in the
Office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, thence along the
prolongation of the easterly line of said Block 33 N. 28°13' E. eighty
(80) feet to the point of beginning; thence N. 61°47' W. 275.0 feet; thence
N. 28°13' E. 300.0 feet; thence N.68°01'20" E. 117.15 feet; thence S.61°47'

E. 200,0 feet; thence S. 28°13' W. 390.0 feet to the point of beginning,
comprising a net area of 2.385 acres.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the said premises, together with the appurtenances, from the
date of the execution of this instrument, for the full term of fifty (50) years from the
first day of September, 1935, next ensuing; the lesse to pay therefor the sum of Fifty
($50.00) Dollars, said sum being payable one ($1.00) Dollar on execution of this instrument,
the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, and an additional one ($1.00) Dollar on or before
the first of September of each year hereafter until the full sum of Fifty ($50.00) Dollars
shall have been paid.

PROVIDED FURTHER, that this lease shall terminate, at the option of the Lessor,
upon the happening of any one or more of the following events:

(1)	Failure of the Lesse to construct a Memorial Building upon the said premises,
of a value in excess of Fifteen Thousand ($15,000.00) Dollars, on or before the first day
of January, 1936.

(2)	Upon dissolution of said Post of the American Legion, for any reason.

(3) At any such time as the membership of said Las Vegas Post Number 8 of the
American legion, Department of Nevada, shall not contain at least ten (10) members who are
veterans of the World War.

UPON THE TERMINATION OF THIS LEASE, each all and every part of the improvements
constructed upon the said premises during the life of this lease, shall revert, together
with the land, to the Lessor.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, Lessor, has caused this instrument to be executed by its Mayor
thereunto duly authorized and the said Las Vegas Post Number 8, The American Legion,

Department of Nevada, a corporation, Lessee, has caused this instrument to be executed by
the chairman of its Board of Trustees and its finance Officer thereunto duly authorized.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

a municipal Corporation in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, Lessor.

By. L. L. Arnett. Mayor.

Attest:

VIOLA BURNS, City Clerk	LAS VEGAS POST NUMBER 8, THE AMERICAN

LEGION, DEPARTMENT OF NEVADA, Lessee

By Le Roy Whipple

Deputy City Clerk,	By. T. E. Connolly Chairman of Its

Board of Trustees.

(City Seal)

A. C. Grant. Its Finance Officer.

Vote on foregoing being, Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and
His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None

Mr. Barry Dibble then appeared before the Board exhibiting his report an quadruplicate
as required under contract dated July 11th, 1935 same appearing in good form and having been
completed and accepted by the Board as a fulfilment of his contract with the City as con-
sulting Engineer in his survey made of the local power and light situation, thereupon motion
was made by, Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner Ward that Mr. Dibble be paid in
full ($1150.00) the entire amount of said contract upon his presentation of claim on the
regular prescribed city form.

Vote being as follows; Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His
His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None.
    No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting recessed until

Friday the 20th, day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
SEPTEMBER 20th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of September 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble, and Ward, City attorney and City Clerk.

At this time a representative of the General Petroleum Company appeared before the
Board with plans for a proposed service station at the Southeast corner of Carson and Fifth
Streets. He was anxious that he be given permission to construct two (2) sixty (60) foot
foot drive ways one on Fifth Street and one on Carson Street, as this was not in accordance with a
Resolution passed by the Board stating that driveways in the City of Las Vegas must not be
longer than 25 lineal feet the matter was taken under discussion by the members of the Board.

No decision being reached on Motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioners
Ward it was moved and carried that the matter be referred to Mr. Marble, Commissioner of
Street and Public Places and that he grant the General Petroleum Company permission for a
driveway on both Carson and South Fifth Streets the length of which would be left to his
discretion so as to conform with the driveways of the various other driveways at service
stations in the City.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Commissioner Marble passing his vote. Noes none.

The Board next entered into a general discussion as to the possibility of the City hold-
ing a vote election for the purpose of voting bonds for the securing of a municipally owned
power plant and system for the City.

The City attorney was directed to secure all possible information on the subject and
present same to the Board at it next meeting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 24th day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTS, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 24th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 24th day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.D.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Farnsworth,
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

Chief of Police Mackey appeared before the Board in regard to the purchasing of a new
car for the Police Dept. Algo in the matter of turning the Police Dept. ton and half truck
to the Street Dept. and the Street Dept. inturn purchasing for the Police Dept. a small
pick up truck.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the City Clerk call for sealed bids for the purchase of a new car for the
Police Dept. and stating that one Studebaker 1934 sedan be turned in on the purchase of
said new car. That bids be opened at the regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 4th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of securing of a pick-up truck for use by the Police Dept, was laid over for
further consideration.
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas be directed to write the Southern Nevada Power Co.
in substantially the following form, and that said letter be sent registered mail with a
return receipt requested:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

Sept. 24th, 1935.

Southern Nevada Power Company,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas is aggressively prosecuting its plans
to establish a municipal power plant, agreeable with the wish expressed by the voters at the
last city election.

However, the Board is desirous of avoiding a duplication of plants, if possible, and to
that end you are requested, if you are interested in selling your distribution system to the
City of Las Vegas, to submit a price to the City without delay, at which you are willing to
sell your plant to the City of Las Vegas.

Very Respectfully,

The City of Las Vegas,

By L.L. Arnett,

Mayor.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the Mayor write the Southern Nevada Power Company in substantially the following
form and that said letter be sent registered mail and return receipt requested:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

Sept. 24th, 1935.

Southern Nevada Power Company,

Las Vegas, Nevada,

Gentlemen;

Your President, Mr. Clark, stated before the Colorado River Commission on Sept-
ember 16th of this year that the Southern Nevada Power Company plans to proceed with the
construction of a transmission line from Las Vegas to Boulder Dam.

In view of the plan of the City of Las Vegas, which contemplates a municipal
power system, we wish to call your attention to the fact that a transmission line such as
we understand you have in mind is not well adapted to coordinate with the city's plan. We
feel that it would be unfortunate to have you pursue construction which would prove un-
economical in the event the City should reach an agreement with you whereby your plant might
be purchased by the city.

For several reasons we feel that the continued construction of this transmission
line, with the necessary sub-station and accessories, by you would prove to be an obstacle
to our reaching an agreement as to the purchase price, to-wit:

1.	The type construction which we understand you intend to adopt is not economical-
ly appropriate for the prospective load to Las Vegas and vicinity.

2.	Forty-four thousand volts is higher than is necessary or economical It is not
one of the standards recommended by the standardization committees of the electrical in-
dustry. It does not fit in with the contemplated facilities of Boulder Dam and this increases
the cost of the step down substation at Las Vegas.

3.	The route over which you have erected some poles is longer than is necessary
and has no good road for construction, maintenance and patrol. If we clearly understand your
plan of construction it will result in a line which will be worth to the city much less
than its probable cost to you and the cost will be much more than the city will need to
spend on its own transmission line and substation.

Therefore, we deem it important to call this matter to your attention and trust
that you will agree with us, that is desirable to avoid expenditure which will cause loss
or which will increase the probability that the city will be forced to construct a system
which will largely duplicate the one which you are now operating.

Very respectfully,

The City of Las Vegas,

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
At this time the Board discussed the matter of the City's contract for gasoline for
the year, and after some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded
by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the Mayor enter into contracts with
any and all oil companies who would supply the City with gasoline at 14¢ for their portion
of the requirements for the city, for one year from October 1st, 1935 to October 1st, 1936.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, Deputy City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Taylor.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

All monies received for the month of September proportioned as per Ledger on file in the
office of the Clerk

The matter of the City proceeding with the business of municipally owned power plant and
system was next brought before the Board for consideration and upon motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following Proclamation was ordered issued:

WHEREAS, the voters of the City of Las Vegas did, at the last general city election held
on May 7, 1935, direct the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to create or
acquire and maintain a municipally owned electric power plant and system for the sale and
distribution of electric power and energy to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and,

WHEREAS, it is the disposition, desire and intension of the Board of City Commissioners
to carry into effect the wishes of the people as expressed at said election with all conven-
ient and practicable expedition, and,

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners having heretofore appointed and employed Barry Dibble,
an electrical engineer, to make a survey as a preliminary step to that end and the said en-
gineer having completed the said survey and having made to the Board his report of his findings
in writing, which said report is now on file with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas for
public inspection and examination, and which said report of the said engineer has been accepted,
approved and adopted by the Board of City Commissioners, Now Therefore,

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby proclaim and give
public notice:

1.	The City of Las Vegas by its Board of City Commissioners proposes to acquire or con-
struct, whichever may develop to be the more economical, a municipal power distribution system
for the City of Las Vegas, together with incidental equipment necessary and convenient for the
distribution of electrical energy to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas.

2.	hat the value of the present existing plant of Southern Nevada Power Company is re-
ported and established by Barry Dibble, the engineer heretofore employed and appointed by the
Board for that purpose, to be $148,196.85. The purchase price thereof is unknown.

3.	That the cost of building an entirely new distribution plant within the City of Las
Vegas in addition to a pole line and incidental facilities for transmission of power from
Boulder Dam to the City of Las Vegas, is estimated by Barry Dibble, the engineer aforesaid
employed and appointed to estimate the cost of a new system, to be $206,000.00, which estimate
has been adopted by the Board.

4.	It is proposed by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to issue

for and on behalf of the City, interest bearing coupon general obligation bonds of the City of
Las Vegas in the sum of Two Hundred Fifty Thousand ($250,000.00) Dollars, in denominations of
One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars each, bearing interest at the rate of four (4%) per cent per
annum, interest payable semi-annually on July 1st and January 1st of each year.

Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars of such bonds shall mature on January 1, 1938;
Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars shall mature on January 1, 1939, Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00)
shall mature on January 1st, 1940; Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars shall mature on Jan-
uary 1st, 1941; Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars shall mature on January 1, 1942; Thirty
Thousand ($30,000.00) Dollars shall mature on January 1, 1943; Thirty Thousand ($30,000.00)

Dollars shall mature on January 1, 1944, and Forty Thousand ($40,000.00) Dollars shall mature
on January 1, 1945. Such bonds shall be redeemable from a fund to be created for that purpose
from the sale of power distributed over such system.

5.	That on the fourth day of November, 1935, at the hour of seven P.M. of the said day,
the Board will meet at the Board Room in the City of Las Vegas, in regular session, at which
time it will read for the first time, propose, consider and vote upon an ordinance relating
to the aforesaid bond issue as above set forth, and on the fourth day of December, 1935,

at the hour of seven P.M. of the said day, the Board will meet in the Board Room in the City
of Las Vegas for the purpose of reading the second time, adopting and passing, and will pass
and adopt an ordinance providing for the bond issue as aforesaid.
Such Proclamation shall be published in full once each week for three consecutive weeks
in the Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and circulated in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time a number of citizens residing on North Fifth Street and in the vicinity of
what is known as "The Old Ranch" appeared before the board in regard to securing lights and
street improvements for that district.

No definite cation was taken at this time as the city is not financially able to able
to undertake any improvement programmes at this time.

Mr. Fellows of the Southern Nevada Oil Co. appeared before the Board in regard to the capacity
 of tanks for the storage of distillate.

The City Clerk was directed to write the Board of Fire Underwriters in San Francisco and
secure a ruling from that body before the granting of a permit for the storage of distillate
right be considered.

The securing of funds for the financing of the erection of a new school building was next
discussed, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the follow-
ing Preamble and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, on May 14th, 1934, by reason of a fire, the children attending the Las Vegas
Grammar School were deprived of suitable quarters within which to be housed, and

WHEREAS, since that date school has been held in tents, 10 in number, in order to educate
the children of Las Vegas Grammar School District No. 12; that in said tents there are now being
housed approximately 450 children of said district, and

WHEREAS, the housing of said children within said tents is highly detrimental to the health
of said children and the instructors therein and has proven extremely hazardous to the vision
and eyesight in general of said pupils and teachers, and,

WHEREAS, the governing board of Las Vegas Union School District acting on behalf of the
Grammar School District No. 12, has heretofore made application for a loan and grant (Docket
#1011) to erect suitable buildings for school purposes, which said loan and grant has been
approved by the St te Planning Board and the State PWA, and,

WHEREAS, the people and citizens of said School District, almost to a unit, are desirous
and demanding that suitable quarters be built to house said children for school purposes and it
is the opinion of the citizens of this community that the said building is a necessary and vital
to the health and public welfare of this community,:

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED: That the application for PWA funds heretofore made and
approved be given the preferential place and that the loan and grant heretofore applied for be
approved, and that funds be made available immediately for the construction of said buildings,
and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this resolution be forwarded to our Senators and
Representative in Congress and to the Acting State Director of PWA.

VOTE was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The appointment of one of the members of the Board of City Commissioners to the Sub-
Planning Board was brought before the Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner

Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that H.P. Marble be appointed
to act on the Sub-Planning Board as a representative of the Board of City Commissioners.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward end His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Commissioner Marble No.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that all slot
machine and gaming licenses presented to the Board at this time be granted for the fourth quarter
year. All applications being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the
same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down the following liquor and
beverage license applications were granted:

Patrick Cline, detail beverage 5½% 125 Fremont St.

Patrick Cline, sealed Package liquor license, 125 Fremont St.

Walter Argyle, Tavern license, 104 No. 1st St.

Sal Sagev Tavern Inc;, Tavern license 1 Fremont St.

Sam Mikulich, Sealed package liquor license, 950 Fremont St.

Leona Malan and Edna Lewis, retail beverage 5½%. The Patio, Fremont at 24th St.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At the direction of the Mayor the City Clerk opened all bids received by the Board of Com-
missioners for the purchase of a car to be used by the Police Dept. Bids being received from
Jas. H. Down, Desert Chevrolet Co; A.C. Grant, W.N. Connell. After some discussion on the buy-
ing of said car it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it
moved that the bids be referred to Commissioner Ward, Police and Fire Commissioner for consid-
eration.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following letter received by Mayor Arnett and read to the Board at this time
be entered in the minutes of this meeting:

Southern Nevada Power Company
Las Vegas, Nevada,

September 26, 1935.

Honorable L.L. Arnett
Mayor City of Las Vegas
Las Vegas, Nevada.
Dear Mr. Mayor:

We acknowledge your letter of September 24, 1935 which we received today RE.
construction of Transmission Line Las Vegas to Boulder Dam, and also wishing a price on our
plant.

We will be very glad to defer further construction on our Transmission Line pending nego-
tiations with you and members of the Board.

If you will recall in our informal meeting with you and other members of the Board a
short time ago, we informed you that both our rate Engineer and Construction Engineer were
away on vacation, both are now back and working on their respective assignments and we will
notify you as soon as their studies are delivered to us.

Yours Truly,

Southern Nevada Power Company
By S.J. Lawson
	S.J. Lawson

Vice President & Gen'L. Manager.

SJL:ks

Vote on the foregoing motion was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and
Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The matter of having printed and prepared for distribution copies of the report of
Barry Dibble, Electrical Engineer, of the present power system in the City of Las Vegas
was brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that The Las Vegas Age print in booklet form 2500 copies of said report. The cost of same
to be $350.00.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 11th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 11th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 11th day of October 1935 at the hour of seven
thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Ward and
City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Farnsworth and Down.

Walter Hunsaker appeared before the Board and Stated that the games being played by the
Las Vegas Soft Ball League would terminate about October 25th, when the final playoff would be
played.

Claude Mackey, and a number of persons interested in the Horsemen's Association appeared
before the Board in regard to the erection of grandstands on the purposed site of the race
track. They were advised that work on the same would be started as soon as the present Soft
Ball League games had terminated.

A general discussion was entered into by those present on the PWA programmes now in
the course of construction. It was decided at this time that no other projects or PWA programmes
be started until the ones now under way had been completed.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the City Attorney by direction of the Board of City Commissioners write to the Las Vegas
Land and Water Company in regards to the use of the Park grounds for a race track and the
erection of grandstands thereon as this ground had been given to the City of Las Vegas for park
purposes and same was stated in the deed from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company to the City
of Las Vegas, and the Board of Commissioners are desirous of living within the terms of the
deed.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Mr. Chas. Carroll, and Mr. Lewis appeared before the Board in regard to placing fire
extinguishers on the City owned rolling stock and in the various buildings owned by the City.

They were directed to confer with the Commissioners of the various City Departments.
On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the letter read by the City Clerk to the Board of Commissioners at this time be entered
upon the minutes of this meeting. (Letter is as follows):

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER COMPANY
Las Vegas, Nevada.

October 7, 1935.

To the Hon. Mayor and City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

On September 11, 1935, representatives of Southern Nevada Power Company met with
your Honorable body, at your invitation, to confer in regard to the acquirement by the City
of the Power Company's plant and distribution system. The result of that conference was to
the effect that the Power Company would have its rate Engineer confirm its present intention
of providing a rate at Las Vegas as low or lower than any rate that can be made by a mun-
icipally owned plant, after power from Boulder Dam is available, and also have its valuation
Engineer determine the value of its existing plant for the purpose of any further negotia-
tion. At that conference, you were informed that our Engineers were on vacation but would
return before October 1st and that you would be notified.

On September 26th, we received your letter requesting that, pending these negot-
iations, we defer any further work on the Transmission line we are building to Boulder Dam
and on that day we wrote you that we would comply with your request and further advised you
that our rate and valuation Engineers had returned from their vacations and were working
on their respective assignments and as soon as their reports were available we would notify
you and continue our negotiations.

We were of the impression that matters would remain in status quo pending these
negotiations and were surprised at the proclamation made by your Board, dated October 4,1935.

In order that our negotiations may be continued in a friendly spirit and without any
appearance of coercion on your part, we request that you defer action on your proclamation
and withdraw the same until our negotiations have been consummated.

Respectfully yours,

Southern Nevada Power Company
By S.J. Lawson

Its Vice President

Vote on the above motion was as follows Commissioners Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the answer to the letter be spread upon the minutes of this meeting as follows:

CITY OF LAS VEGAS
Las Vegas, Nevada

October 11th, 1935.

Southern Nevada Power Company,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

For the attention of Mr. Lawson.

Gentlemen;

This is with reference to your letter of October 7, 1935, directed to the Mayor
and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

It appears from your letter of October 7, that you misapprehend the purpose of
negotiations heretofore had with you.

You state;" The result of that conference was to the effect that the Power Company
would have its rate engineers confirm its present intention of providing a rate at Las Vegas as low
or lower than any rate that can be made by a municipally owned plent, after power from "Bould-
er Dam" is available, and also have its valuation Engineer determine the value of its ex-
isting plant for the purpose of any further negotiation." The above quotation had reference
to a meeting of the Officers of your company, and the Board of Commissioners on September
11th.

It is difficult to understand how you arrived at such a conclusion as is expressed
in the above quotation.

At this meeting the Mayor stated as follows: The reason for this meeting, I believe
gentlemen, we 11 understand. The Commissioners and City Board, since election, have attempted
to carry out the obligation which they have more or less assumed, from that election. The
majority of people have more or less demanded that the Commissioners endeavor to take over
municipal ownership of power and we have considered this matter, with thought in mind to nego-
tiate with the Southern Nevada Power Company to arrive at a fair price, if they are
willing to sell to the City their distribution system. I believe this will state the purpose
of the meeting."

The purpose of the meeting was unequivocally stated.

It is the sincere hope of the Mayor and Board of Commissioners that negotiations be
continued in a friendly spirit and you are assured that it is not the purpose of the Board
coerce you or to display the appearance of coercive methods.
However, it might be well to again emphatically state that the Board agreeably with the
demand of the people, purposes to purchase you distribution facility if negotiations ulti-
mately lead to your submitting your facility at a fair price, which is suggested you do without
further delay; otherwise, it is proposed to build an entirely new facility for the distribution
of power to the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas,.

By the authority of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County
Nevada.

L.L. Arnett__________

Mayor.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble, Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward the following slot machine
licenses were granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the City clerk
to cover the same.

J.M. Sills for Wimpy's 2 machines

White Spot Cafe	3	"

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	24	"

L.L. Arnett	42	"

Jack Weisberger	1	"

Mayme Stocker	1	"

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward the following beverage and
liquor licenses were granted, Applications being in proper form and money on file with the
Clerk to cover the same.

J.A. Mortensen, retail beverage 5½%, 126 So. 1st St.

J.A. Mortensen, retail sealed package liquor, 126 So. 1st St.

J.P. Johnson, 113 No. 1st St. retail beverage 5½%

F.C. Hale, Tavern, 124 So. 1st St.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble, Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk be directed to write to G.E. Bodell in Boulder City and ask that he met
with the Board of City Commissioners at the Apache Hotel for lunch Thursday the 17th day of
October, to discussion matters of importance with the inter city police problems.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 18th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA OCTOBER 18th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 18th, day of October 1935 at the hour of seven
thirty o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor L. L. Arnett, Commissioners, Jas. H. Down,

H. P. Marble, David Farnsworth, M. E. Ward, City Attorney Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy City
Clerk Le Roy Whipple.

Absent City Clerk Viola, Burns::

At this time a request from the local Chamber of Commerce that the City Commission use
such influence as needed to impress upon our Congressmen to secure the necessary aid in the
erection of our local school building. After some discussion on the matter a motion was made
by Commissioner Marble, Seconded by Commissioner Ward that any action of going further in
the way of sending telegrams to our Congressmen and Senators, be deferred until a subsequent meeting
of the Board. Vote on same being, Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His
Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

A letter was read, which was received from Mr. M. C. Tinch, Chairman of the Local Fight
Committee of the American Legion, wherein an invitation was extended to the Mayor and the
Board of Commissioners to attend the local prize fights. Commissioner Marble moved that the City
Clerk's office be instructed to write to Mr. Tinch thanking him for the invitations to attend
the fights and accepting such invitation to attend. This motion was seconded by Commissi oner
Dave Farnsworth, and vote on same being as follows; Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and
Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

A motion was made by Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner Down to instruct
the City Attorney to draft letters of invitation to Mr. W. F. Snider or such other proper
officials of the various smelting and refining companies (with the Mayor's signature and to as-
certain and secure such, or any information that might be necessary or conductive to such
companies in getting them to locate here in the future. Vote was as follows: Commissioners
Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.
On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Marble the following Liquor and
Slot Machine Licenses were granted. Application being in proper form and money on file with
the City Clerk to cover same.

Newel Peterson, Retail Beverage 5½% for 217 North Main Street,

Frank W. Lancaster, Retail Tavern for 109 North 1st, Street,

E. P. Bihlmaier for 15 Slot Machines.

J. A. Prato for	1 Slot Machine

L. L. Arnett for	4 Slot Machines

Read City Drug for 3 Slot Machines
Vegas Sweet Shoppe for 1 Slot Machine
A. H. Stevenson Jr, for 1 Slot Machine
W. J. Lincoln for 1 Slot Machine

Ed. D. Ciliax for 2 Slot Machines. Vote on same being as follows; Commissioner Down,
Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

A Motion was made by Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Marble to instruct
the City Attorney to draft a letter with the Mayor's signature, to request the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company to furnish the City with a quit Claim deed to the City Park	This being requested

in order that the existing restrictions covering this area might be lifted in order to allow such
building or use of the park as 	the Board deemed necessary	 from time to time.

Vote on same being as follows; Commissioners Down,	Farnsworth, Marble	and	Ward and His	Honor the

Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None..

A discussion was then taken up as to proper means and ways to be used in filling in of the
north east section of the park race track. After due consideration and discussion in the matter
it was deemed best and advisable to instruct and authorize Commissioner Marble to use and hire
such equipment and trucks as necessary to complete this job.

Motion was made by Commissioner Ward and seconded by Commissioner Down, to authorize the
City Engineer, C. D. Baker to proceed with the necessary survey on North fifth street for the State
Highway construction. Vote on same being, Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and
His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

At this time a motion was	made by Commissioner	Marble and seconded by	Commissioner	Farnsworth

to authorize the City Attorney	to write Mr. Barry Dibble, to stand by	for	a call to accompany

the Board of Commissioners to Carson City on October 25th, to attend the protest meeting with the
Southern Nevada Power Company. Vote being as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and
Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

The trip to Carson City by the Board of Commissioners to attend the protest meeting before
the Colorado River Commission with the Southern Nevada Power Company, was then discussed, and
upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, the Mayor and Commission
were authorized to make the trip on this matter and to attend this meeting, being held on
October 25th, and to draw on the City funds for the necessary expenses to be incurred therewith.

Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor Voting Aye., Noes, None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this tine, The board then recessed until
October 29th, at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 29th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 29th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent City Attorney Taylor.

The following slot machine applications were presented to the Board for consideration,
and upon motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Ward same were granted:

J.T. Watters, 7 slot machine licenses

Professional Drug store, 2 slot machine licenses.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion on the action of S.J. Lawson against
the City of Las Vegas, and the Board of City Commissioners. After some discussion on the
matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, S.J. Lawson has instituted an action in the District Court of the Eighth Jud-
icial District of the State of Nevada and for the County of Clark, against the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, L.L Arnett, Mayor
of said City, and James H. Down, H.P. Marble, M.E. Ward, and David Farnsworth as members of
the said Board, the nature of which suit is to restrain the said City and Board of Com-
missioners from proceeding further with an ordinance providing for a bond issue to est-
ablish or acquire a municipal power system and other matters, and
WHEREAS, it is the judgment of the Board that the said suit should be defended, now
therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED: That Ryland Taylor, City Attorney, be and he is hereby authorized
and directed to defend on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and the Board of City Commission-
ers and the Mayor and individual Commissioners thereof the said suit, in the District Court
of the State of Nevada.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Wards, and His Honor the
Mayor L.L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time the minutes of all previous meetings of the Board of City Commissioners
were read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEV.
NOVEMBER 4th, 1935

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada held on the 4th day of November, 1935, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Arthur Brick of the New Palace Theater Inc. appeared before the Board in regard to se-
curing permission from the Board to erect a sign over Second Street in front on said New

Palace Theater. He was informed that the Commission would make a decision at a later date.

Mr. Jack Beuhler, of Pioche appeared before the Board in regard to the anticipated power
line for the Pioche mining district. Mr. Beuhler ask that the Board of City Commissioners
aid the Pioche District in every way possible to help secure the necessary funds for the
erection of the power line.

Mr. Beuhler was informed that the Board of Commissioners would lend every effort to
back this project.

At this time a proposed ordinance came before the Board for consideration, the same
being an ordinance and entitled:

"An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, to borrow the sum of two hundred fifth thousand dollars
(250,000) with which to establish, create or acquire by purchase, or con-
struction, a municipally owned electrical power plant and distribution system,
and incidental facilities and to issue and sell the general obligation bonds
of the City of Las Vegas to secure the same, and other matters relating thereto,"
which said ordinance was read aloud in full for the first time and was then and there by the
Board voted upon, approved and adopted and ordered published for a period of two con-
secutive weekly publications immediately next following in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly
newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada.

Voting aye: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor. Voting against the ordinance: None.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 215.

The purchasing of casing for the well at the City Park was next brought before the
Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded by Commissioner
Farnsworth it was moved and carried that Commissioner Marble proceed with the securing of
casing and materials for said well so that work on same may be pursued with all possible
diligence.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward, it was moved and
carried that the Clerk be directed to write to the Transcontinental Western Air Lines,

Inc. in regard to a suitable site to be used by the City of Las Vegas, for a municipal
airport.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
Carried that the retail beverage license issued to D.G. Lorenzi for Lorenzi Lake Resort be
transferred from the said Lorenzi Lake Resort to 129 South 1st St. and that the Clerk be
authorized to issued said D.G. Lorenzi, a certified copy of said license, owing to the
fact that the original license No. 15976 had been lost.

Vote was as follows, Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 12th day of November at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

To Viola Burns, City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A	special	meeting of the Board	of City	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

is hereby called to	be held at the Board	Room of	the said Board in the City Clerk's office

in the	City	of Las	Vegas, Clark County,	Nevada,	to be held on Tuesday the 5th day of Nov-
ember,	1935	at the hour of three o'clock	P.M. of	said day to consider and act upon the following 

business:

1. To consider and act upon the improving of the State Highways through the said City on both
North Fifth Street to the North City limit and South Main Street from Garces Street to the
South city limit.

Dated this 5th day of November, 1935.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO- James H. Down, David Farnsworth, H P. Marble, and
M.E.Ward, Commissioners and to L.L. Arnett, Mayor.

You and each of you will please take notice: that pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said
City will be held at the Board room of said in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, Tuesday the 5th day of November, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day
to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the improving of the State Highways through the said City on both
North Fifth Street to the North City limit and South Main Street from Garces Street to the
South City limit.

You will govern your selves accordingly.

Dated this 5th day of November, 1935.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the under sighed Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

Dated this 5th day of November, 1935.

L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down,

Mayor	H.P. Marble

M.E.Ward

Commissioners.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 5th, 1935.

Minutes of a Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held on the 5th day of November, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward,
City attorney Taylor and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

The purpose of the meeting being stated the Board at once entered into a a discussion
of the improving of the highways through the City of Las Vegas, and after due consideration
the following Resolution was introduced and passed on Motion of Commissioner H.P. Marble,
seconded by Commissioner M.E.Ward:

BE IT RESOLVED, That C.D. Baker, City Engineer in collaboration with R.G.Taylor, City
Attorney, proceed with all possible expedition to secure highway rights of way for the
prolongation of Fifth Street north from Stewart Street to the intersection of Fifth Street
and U.S. Highway No. 91, and the prolongation of Main Street from Garces Street South
to a designated intersection with U.S. Highway No. 91.
The said officers shall use every aggressive method at their command to rapidly ac-
complish this purpose herein expressed, and the Board of City Commissioners hereby assures
the United States Bureau of Public Roads that such rights of way will be acquired without
delay.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Jas. H. Down, H.P. Marble,
and M.E.Ward, and His Honor the Mayor L. L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business to be brought before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
and adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 12th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of November 1935 at he hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk.

Mr. Arthur Brick, part owner of the New Palace Theater again appeared before the Board
in regard to the placing of a sign across South Second Street in front of the said theater.
After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner
Down the following Preamble and Resolution was adopted:

The New Palace Theater, Inc. having made application to the Board for a revocable
permit to extend over and above and directly in front of the Palace Theater Building and
electrical neon sign and it appearing to the Board that such a revocable permit should be
granted, now therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED: That the New Palace Theater be and it is hereby granted a revocable
permit to extend an electrical neon sign over and above South Second Street in the City of
Las Vegas, immediately in front of the said Theater Building, provided, however, that said
sign shall not be closer to the surface of the street than fifteen and one-half (15½) feet,
and shall be so constructed as to avoid any and all hazard to persons or property which
may hereafter be on or about the said street and it shall be so constructed as to conform
to safety requirements of the City Building and City Electrical Inspectors. Provided further
however, that this permit is granted subject to the right of the Board of City Commissioners
to revoke the same at any time with or without cause.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

A.W. Blackman, City Auditor appeared before the Board and explained to each of the Com-
missioners the condition of the funds under his control for the balance of the year 1935.

Dr. Smith, City Meat Inspector appeared before the Board in regard to the revision of
the present Ordinance of the City governing meat inspection.

He was instructed to draft the proposed amendments to said ordinance and present same
to the Board in the near future.

The City Clerk was instructed to write the Las Vegas City Band and ask that they have
a representative of their body appear before the Board and explain the operation of the band
at this time.

Mr. Stennet, who is desirous of opening a slaughter house in the City, appeared before
the Board in regard to the securing of permit from the Board for the operation of same. He
was instructed to have his buildings erected and same inspected in accordance with the City
ordinance before permission for the operation of a slaughter house would be granted him.

No motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and
carried that a letter be sent Robert A. Allen, State Highway Engineer in regard to pole
line right of way, said letter to be sent by Mayor Arnett in the following form:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

Nov. 12th, 1935

Robert A. Allen,

State Highway Engineer,

Carson City, Nevada.

In Re; LAS VEGAS-BOULDER CITY
POLE LINE RIGHT OF WAY

Dear Sir;

This is with reference to the application of the City of Las Vegas for a revocable
easement to construct a pole line along the State Highway right of way between the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada and Boulder City, Nevada. The formal application for which is now in your
office.



This matter has been mentioned to you by Members of the Board of City Commissioners
and the City Attorney on different occasions and on one occasion recently the Board of Com-
missioners appeared before the Governor, the Attorney General and the State Controller with
hope in view that the Board might prevail upon the Highway Board to grant this easement. To
date, however, we have not received a definite grant or rejection.
As we stated to you before it would be highly advantageous to have this right of way
because this, as heretofore stated, would be the means of saving the City considerable ex-
pense as well as delay and inconvenience.

In all events, it is of the greatest importance that we have a decision upon this
application in the near future, because, if this application be rejected then we must im-
mediately undertake to condemn a pole line right of way.

We would appreciate your early advises upon the subject.

A copy of this letter goes to the Honorable Richard E. Kirman, Governor, Henry C.
Schmidt, State Controller, and Attorney General Mashburn.

By authority of the Board of City Commissioners.

	By L.L. Arnett

Ryland  G. Taylor	Mayor.

City Attorney.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned until Friday the 15th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 15th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th
day of November, 1935 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, and Ward,

City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Farnsworth.

Attorney Marshall appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the noises issuing 

from the Recreation Center at 127 Fremont Street. Mrs. Soss Proprietress of the Fremont
Hotel, adjoining the Recreation Center on whose behalf Mr. Marshall appeared was most anxious
that the noises be eliminated as soon as possible as same were disturbing the guests at the
Fremont Hotel. It was suggested that the bowling alley in the Recreation Center close at mid-

Mr. Marshall was informed that the Board in the very near future would take steps to (night)
have the noises lessened.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward, it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to L.L. Arnett. Application being in proper form
and money on file with the Clerk to cover same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

James Squires, as a representative of the Las Vegas City Band appeared before the Board,
and stated to the Board the operation of the band. Said band at this time consisting of thirty-
five members.

At this time a number of citizens appeared before the Board protesting the issuing of
a permit by the Board for the operation of a slaughter house on what is know as the Ullom
Property, near the Clark County Farm. Also persons interested in having the slaughter house
in operation appeared before the Board. No permit was granted at this time and none denied.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 19th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one fifteen P.M.
SPECIAL MEETING CALL

TO-

VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK, OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held at the Board Room of the said Board in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to be held Saturday the 16th day of November, 1935 at the hour of
eleven o'clock A.M. of said	day	to consider	and act upon the following business;

1. consider and act upon	the	securing of	land to be used as an airport for the City of	Las

Vegas.

Dated this 16th day of November, 1935.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To- Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble
M. E. Ward, Commissioners, and L.L. Arnett
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the said
City, will be held at the Board	Room of the	said Board in the City Clerk's office,	in the

City of Las Vegas, Saturday	the	16th day of	November, to consider and act upon the	following

business. (Hour of 11 o'clock A.M.)

L. TO CONSIDER AND ACT UPON THE SECURING OF LAND TO BE USED AS AN AIRPORT FOR THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS.

You will govern your selves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

Dated this 16th day of November, 1935.

L. L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	David Farnsworth

H.P. Marble

M.E. Ward.

Commissioners

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 17th, 1935

 Minutes of a Special Called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
lark County, Nevada, held on the 16th day of November, 1935 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and
Ward, and City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk Viola Burns.

The purpose of the meeting, the considering of the purchasing of land to be used as a
municipal air port, being stated the Board at once entered into a discussion on the matter
and after due consideration on the matter the following Preambles and Resolution were duly
adopted, on motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth:

		

WHEREAS, it appears to the Board of City Commissioners that a municipal airport for the City
of Las Vegas would be of public use and purpose and of great convenience and benefit to the
City of Las Vegas as well as a great advantage to the surrounding community, and

WHEREAS, the engineers of the Transcontinental & Western Air, INc. have approved the
hereinafter described land as being suitable and adequate for an airport, and

WHEREAS, it appears that the Federal Government has offered to expend upon such airport
in the event the City procures the land for such purpose, a sum amounting to approximately
One Hundred Thousand ($100,000) Dollars, now therefore, be it

RESOLVED: That L.L. Arnett, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized directed
and empowered to enter into an agreement for an on behalf of the City and to bind the City for
the purchase of and he is hereby authorized and directed to purchase for the use and benefit
of the City the following described land:

All the east half (E½) and all the north half of southwest quarter (N½SW¼): and all of
the southeast quarter of southwest quarter (SE¼ SW¼) Sec. 36, Township 20 South, Range 61 East.,

M.	D.B.M., Clark County, containing 440 acres more or less, according to the government survey
there of.
And he is authorized to pay a price therefor not exceeding the sum of Twelve, (12.00)
Dollars per acre, and the necessary funds for the purchase are ordered disbursed as in the
manner and amounts as. the Mayor shall direct the same.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting then recessed and adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

NOVEMBER 19th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held Tuesday the 19th day of November, 1935 at the hour
of one fifteen o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward,
Mayor Arnett, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk Viola Burns.

The business of consummating the transferring of the deed of land from one Mabel Brentner
to the City of Las Vegas was at once brought before the Board, and on motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following Preambles and Resolution were duly
adopted:

WHEREAS, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY granted to the Mayor on the 16th day of November, 1935
a contract was, on the 18th day of November, 1935, entered into for and on behalf of the City
with one, Mabel Brenter, for the purchase of the following described property:

ALL of that part of Section Thirty-six (36) Township Twenty (20) South,

Range Sixty-one (61) East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian, described as follows:

The East Half (E½) and the East Half (E½) of the Southwest quarter, (SW¼),
and all of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) except
that part which is included in the plat of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1, as shown
by map thereof in Book 2 Plats, Page 2, in the office of the County Recorder of
Clark County, Nevada. Also all of Blocks Five (5) and Six (6) of Sunrise Park
Tract No. l. (One) as shown by map thereof on file in Book 2 Plats at Page 2,
in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada.

a copy of which contract is in words, form and figures as follows:

A G R E E M E N T

This Agreement made and entered into this 18th day of November, 1935, by and between
MABEL BRENTNER, the surviving widow of LUTHER L. BRENTNER, the Party of the First Part, and
the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a Municipal Corporation, in the Gounty of Clark, State of Nevada,
the Party of the Second Part:

W I T N E S S E T H

That the Party of the First Part for and in consideration of the sum of Fifty-one Hundred

and Forty Dollars, hereby agrees to sell to the party of the Second Part the following res-
cribed property:

All the east half (E½) and all of the north half of southwest quarter (N½SW¼) and
and all of the southeast quarter of southwest quarter (SE¼ SW¼) of Section 36,

Township 36, South, Range 61 East. M.D.B. &M., Clark County, containing 440 acres,
more or less, according to government survey thereof,
under the terms and conditions following:

For the total price of Fifty-One Hundred Forty Dollars, net to the party of the first
part, Five Hundred (500) Dollars of which is paid this date to the Party of the First Part,
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the remainder and residue of said purchase price shall
be paid at the time and manner hereinafter stated:

The Party of the First Part will on or before twenty days from the date hereof execute
and cause to be delivered to the Party of the Second Part a good and sufficient grant, bargain
and sale deed conveying to the Party of the Second Part the above described property, and con-
currently with the delivery of the said deed she will cause to be issued by the Pioneer Title
Insurance and Trust Company, at its Las Vegas Office, title insurance upon the said property
insuring the same for the benefit of the Party of the Second Part in the sum equal to the pur-
chase price, and upon receipt of the said deed as herein described and the said title in-
surance aforesaid the Party of the Second Part agrees to pay to the said Party of the First
Part the said remainder of the purchase price in the sum of Forty-Six Hundred Forty Dollars.
Should the party of the First Part fail or refuse to deliver to the Party of the Second Part,
the said deed and title insurance on or before twenty days from the date hereof, the Party of
the Second Part may at its option declare this Agreement null and void and in such event the
Five Hundred (500) Dollars advanced upon the Purchase price of the said property this date shall
be immediately returned to the Party of the Second Part.
The Party of the Second Part hereby agrees to purchase the above described property
and to pay the price therefor as herein provided.

Time is of the essence of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the said Party of the First Part has affixed her signature this 18th
day of November, 1935, and the Party of the Second Part has caused this Agreement to be
executed by its Mayor thereunto duly authorized this 18th day of November, 1935.

Mabel Brentner

Party of the First Part.

ATTEST:

Viola Burns

City Clerk	The City of Las Vegas, a Municipal

Corporation, in the County of Clark,

State of Nevada.

	By L.L. Arnett

(City seal)	Its Mayor.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA ) ss
COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES)

On this 18th day of Nov. 1935, personally appeared before me, a Notary Public, in and for
said County and State, Mabel Brentner, the Widow of Luther L. Brentner, & L.L. Arnett,
known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument,
who acknowledge to me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily for the uses
and purposes therein mentioned.

Myrtle G. Bayle

My Commission expires April 23, 1933	Notary Public

(Notarial seal)

and Five Hundred (500) Dollars having been paid upon the purchase price of said property:

NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the said Agreement, the said Agreement and the initial
payment upon the purchase price of said property, being in all respects approved at this
time by the Board, and to the end that the terms of the said Agreement be perfected, it
is ordered that a check in the sum of Forty Six Hundred and Forty (4640) Dollars be drawn
payable to and delivered to the Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company at Las Vegas,
Nevada, with the following letter of instructions signed by the Mayor for and on behalf
of the City:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

November 19th, 1935

Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Co;

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

We hand you herewith the check of the City of Las Vegas in the sum of Forty-six
Hundred and Forty (4640) Dollars.

You will please dispose of this sum as follows: Mrs. Mabel Brentner has agreed
to deliver to you for our account a grant, bargain and sale deed conveying to the City of
Las Vegas the following described property:

All of that part of Section Thirty-six (36) Township Twenty (20) South,

Range Sixty-one (61) East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian, described as
follows:

The East Half (E½) and the East Half (E½) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼)
and all of the Northwest quarter (NW¼) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼)
except that part which is included in the plat of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1, as
shown by map thereof in Book 2 of Plats, Page 2, in the office of the County
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada. Also all of Blocks Five (5) and Six (6)
of Sunrise Park Tract No. l. (One) as shown by map thereof on file in Book
2 of Plats at Page 2 in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County,

Nevada.

She has also agreed to cause to be executed by your Company title insurance in
the sum of Fifty-One Hundred and Forty (5140) Dollars, showing a good and clear title in
the City of Las Vegas, in and to the said property.

Upon receipt of the said deed and title insurance in proper and due form, you
will please deliver to Mabel Brentner the sum of Forty Six Hundred and Forty (4640) Dollars,
handed you herewith.

Provided, however, it is expressly understood that in the event that Mrs. Brentner
should fail or omit to cause to be executed and delivered to you the said deed and title
insurance for the City's account on or before noontime of the 8th day of December, 1935,
then and in such event, upon demand of the City only, you will return the said Forty Six Hun-
dred and Forty (4640) Dollars to the City of Las Vegas.

By authority of the Board of City Commissioners,

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes ,none.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 20th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward,
City attorney and Clerk.	Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Marjorie Ross, 207 No. 1st St. Application being
in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward, it was moved and carried
that Ryland Taylor City Attorney draft telegrams to both Gilbert C. Ross, State Administra-
tor, W.P.A. and M.B.Doolin, Regional Adviser of the Bureau of Air Commerce, in regard to se-
curing allotment of W.P.A. money for the construction of the Municipal Airport for the City
of Las Vegas. Said telegrams to be send in the name of Mayor Arnett.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

At this time the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Commissioners held on Oct.
29th, Nove. 4, Nov. 5th, 12th, 15th and 16th, were read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 27th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Communications from Transcontinental & Western Air and Works Progress Administration were
read to the Board at this time, in regard to the municipal airport.

Upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk be directed to write the Transcontinental and Western Air Inc. and the
Works Progress Administration and state to them that land had been secured by the City for use
as a municipal airport.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble Seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
Kay Walsh be granted a retail beverage license. Application being in proper form and money on
file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the license of one Bessie Williams be transferred from 215 No 1st St. to 211 No. 1st St.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 20th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY. NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 27th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 27th day of November, 1935 at the hour of
one thirty o'clock P.M.

The following answered rill call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Ward, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

Attorney Marshall appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the noise from
the bowling alley in the Recreation Center. Mr. Marshall appeared for Mrs. Fannie Soss, as
owner of the Fremont Hotel in the building adjoining the alley.

The City Clerk was instructed to write the owners of the Recreation Center and
ask them to take the necessary steps to have this noise deadened.
Mr. Frank Gusewelle, Agent for the Texas Company, appeared before the Board in regard
to an oil contract with the City.

He was informed that upon the proper forms being presented to the City that the Texas
Oil Company would be allowed to enter into a contract with the City for its proportionment
of City business.

Mr. Knox of the Mission Tavern appeared before the Board in regard to the City licensing
what is known as "cocktail rooms". No action was taken on this matter and Mr. Knox was advised
to see other tavern owners and get their opinion as to the operation of" cocktail rooms."

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application for a retail sealed package drugstore liquor license be granted to the
Sun Drug Company and to Jack Weisberger for a slot machine at 10 fremont St. Applications be-
ing in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The report of the findings of Dr. F.R. Mildren on the conditions of the two slaughter
houses in the City was read to the Board, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Down it was moved and carried that the City Clerk be directed to write these bus-
iness and inform then as to the findings of the City Health Doctor and ask that they make
immediate improvements in these slaughter houses so that same may met the sanitary require-
ments of the City.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 4th, 1935

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 4th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and City Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Moneys received and proportioned as per cash received and Ledger on file in the office
of the Clerk.

The business of securing from the First State Bank land to be used for highway proposes
was brought before the Board for consideration and on motion of Commissioner Down, seconded
by Commissioner Ward, the following Resolution was duly adopted:

It appearing to the Board that it is necessary for street purposes all of Black Five
(5) of South Addition in the City of Las Vegas, and it appearing to the Board that the First
State Bank of Las Vegas has offered to sell the said lot to the City for the sum of Five
Hundred Ten (510.00) Dollars, and it further appearing to the Board that the said price is
commensurate with the value of the said Property, it is therefore

ORDERED that the said block, comprising Lots Twenty-five (25) to Thirty-two (32) in-
clusive be purchased by the City, that the City's check be drawn for that amount by the City
Clerk, and that the same be delivered to the First State Bank upon receipt from the First
State Bank of a grant, bargain and sale deed for the said lend, conveying to the City the
said land free and clear of all incumbrances excepting building restrictions, together with
title insurance executed by the Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company in the sum of Five
Hundred (500.00) Dollars.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Farnsworth, Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayorvoting aye. Noes, none.

The collection of unpaid assessment from several property owners covering improving of
Fremont Street was next considered, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Down the following Preamble and Resolution were duly adopted:

It appearing to the Board that the following named persons are indebted to the City in
amounts set opposite their respective names for assessments heretofore levied against the
property therein described and that the same is considerably in arrears, it is therefore

ORDERED that the City Attorney take all steps requisite and to file suit, if necessary,
for the City against the said parties to the end that the said sums be collected.

R.W.	Martin	$156.21

(Lot 10, Block 15, Bucks Subdiv.)

R.W.	Martin	35.64

(Lot 10, Block 15, Bucks Subdiv.)

C.P.	Squires	38.89

(Lot 4, Block 10, Ladds)

H.J.	Woodard	64.59

(That part of the N½ S E ¼ S W ¼ of
Sec. 35, T.20S., R.61E., M.D.B. & M.
lying north of Fremont Street and
fronting on the north side of Fremont Street)

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Resolution was adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, That the Mayor be and he hereby is authorized, empowered and directed
to forthwith execute for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas a contract with the Depart-
ment of Highways of the State of Nevada in the form following:

The City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, hereinafter referred to the City, and the De-
partment of Highways, hereinafter referred to as the Highway Department, hereby agree as
follows:

1.	That the Highway Department will submit a project for the improvement of 2.51 miles
of the Municipal highway within Las Vegas known as 5th and Main Street, and to be designed

as Nevada WPMS project No. 38, and will recommend its approval by the Secretary of Agriculture
for construction with funds apportioned to the State under the Emergency Relief Appropriation
Act of 1935, subject, however, to the condition that the City shall provide for its proper
maintenance after completion of its improvement.

2.	That the said City hereby requests the Highway Department to submit the afore-
mentioned project with recommendation that it be approved by the Secretary of Agriculture,
and agrees if such project is approved and constructed by the Highway Department and the
Secretary of Agriculture it thereafter, at its own cost and expense, will maintain the pro-
ject in a manner satisfactory to them, or their authorized representatives, and will make
ample provision each year for such maintenance.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto affixed their signatures, the City on
the 4th day of December, 1935, and the Highway Department on the____________________day of_______________1935.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that The City Clerk write the officials of the Western Air Express, The Transcontinental
Western Air Lines, the Department of Air Commerce and ask that each have a representative or
representatives present at a meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 20th day of
December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. at which time the erection of a muni-
cipal air port will be discussed.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to borrow the sum of two hundred fifty thousand dollars
(250,000) with which to establish, create or acquire by purchase, or construction, a munici-
pally owned electrical power plant and distribution system, and incidental facilities and to
issue and sell the general obligation bonds of the city of Las Vegas to secure the same, and
other matters relating thereto," was read aloud in full approved and passed upon the follow-
ing vote:

Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett,
voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

An Ordinance, entitled, "An Ordinance defining Garbage and Rubbish and regulating the
collection and disposal of garbage, and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas, and matters re-
lating thereto and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof and re-
pealing certain ordinances and parts of ordinance in conflict herewith, and other matters
relating thereto," was read aloud in full for the first time, proposed, considered and
voted upon this 4th day of December, 1935.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Absent none.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 216, of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
published once each week for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

The matter of the correction of the minutes of the Board of Commissioners meeting held
on the 4th day of November, 1935 at which time and ordinance of the City of Las V gas was
read for the time, Said ordinance was authorizing the sale of $250,000.00 worth of bonds for
the acquiring or construction of a municipally owned power plant and system for the City of
Las Vegas.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the following correction be made and
initaled by the Clerk at the time of making such correction, that the word "aloud" be in-
serted in line 23 page 407 Book 3, Minutes of the City of Las Vegas. Said word to follow
after the word "read" and before the word "in".

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble, and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
At this time Ryland Taylor presented a Claim to the Board for consideration. Said claim
was in the sum of $200.00, covering extra legal work in regard to securing municipal owner-
ship for a power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the sum of $200.00 be allowed Ryland Taylor, additional legal work for the City of
Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.	*

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the sum of $1.00 per month Be deducted from the payroll of each City employee making
or earning over the sum of $25.00 per month. Said ruling to be in effect as of the January
15th, 1336 payroll.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to Art Schreiber, application being in proper form
and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.



No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 6th day of December, 1935 at the hour of 1:30 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 6th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 6th day of December, 1935 at the hour of 1:30 O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble and Ward,

City attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Farnsworth.

Mr. Robinson of the Federal Vice Squad appeared before the Board at this time and a
general discussion of the narcotic condition in the City of Las Vegas at the present time was
discussed. Mr. Robinson stated to the Board that the condition was much improved over some
of his previous trips to Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioners Ward the following Preambles
and Resolution were adopted:

WHEREAS, C.C. Ronnow has instituted an action in the District Court of the Eighth Jud-
icial District of the State of Nevada and for the County of Clark, against the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, L.L. Arnett, Mayor
of said City, and James H. Down, H.P. Marble, M.E. Ward and David Farnsworth as member of the
said Board, the nature of which suit is to restrain the City and Board of Commissioners from
proceeding further with the sale of a bond issue to establish or acquire a municipal power
system and other matters, and

WHEREAS, it is the judgment of the Board that the said suit should be defended, now
therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED: That Ryland Taylor, City Attorney, be and he is hereby authorized and
directed to defend on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and the Board of City Commissioners
and the Mayor and individual Commissioners thereof the said suit, in the District Court
of the State of Nevada.

Commissioners Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 11th day of December, 1935 at the hour of one thirty P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 11th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 11th day of December, 1935 at the hour of
one thirty o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Down, and Ward,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the sum of $100.00 be drawn from the Publicity Fund, and that said sum be
used for relief for the needy.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The condemning of various properties in the City of Las Vegas, as a necessary step
towards securing highway right of ways on North Fifth Street and South Main Street was
brought before the Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded
by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that the City Attorney proceed with the 
condemnation suits for securing highway rights of way, and that the Clerk be directed to
draw on the General Fund of the City for compensation to secure the parties served for
the value of the land, and the Mayor be directed to execute any bond that might be re-
quired by law, and necessary court costs.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Down and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and
carried that the Mayor be authorized to secure legal assistance for the City Attorney in
connection with the condemnation suits for highway rights of way in case same may be
necessary. Compensation be to a reasonable fee therefor.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereupon Mayor Arnett directed City Attorney Taylor to select legal help for the
transacting of the condemnation suits.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then re-
cessed and adjourned until Wednesday the 18th day of December, 1935 at the hour of one
thirty o'clock P.M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, is
hereby called to be held at the Board Room of the said Board in the City Clerk's office
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to be held on Saturday the 14th day of
December, 1935 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M. of said day to consider and act upon
the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the improving of the site recently purchased by the City to
be used as a municipal air port and other matters relating thereto.

Dated this 14th day of December, 1935

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble, and
M.E. Ward, Commissioners and L.L. Arnett, Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of said City will be held at the Board room of the said Board in the City Clerk's office
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Saturday the 14th day of December, 1935, at the hour
of eleven o'clock A.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the improving of the site recently purchased by the City to
be used as a municipal air port and other matters relating thereto.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, to hereby admit
due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

Dated this 14th day of December. 1935
L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner

H.P. Marble_____.

 Commissioner

M.E.Ward________

Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Called meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the
14th day of December, 1935 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M.

he following answered roll call Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, 
City Attorney and City Clerk. Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

The Board at once entered into a discussion on the matter of Mayor Arnett, and Com-
missioner Marble making a trip to Washington D.C. and laying before the Department of Air
Commerce the necessity of the City of Las Vegas erecting a municipal airport, and the
securing of financial aid from the government for the erection of same.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by com-
missioner Down it was moved and carried that Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Marble go to
Washington D.C. in regard to securing aid from the government for the construction of a
municipal airport, and that the necessary expense be stood by the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business to come before the meeting the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 20th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 20th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty

o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Pro Tem Down, Commissioners Farnsworth,
and Ward, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Marble on official business in Washington D.C.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
DECEMBER 18th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the
18th day of December, 1935 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following Present, Jas. H. Down, Mayor pro tern, Commissioners
Farnsworth, and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett, and Commissioner Marble.

At this time and ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance defining Garbage and Rubbish and
regulating the collection and disposal of garbage and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas,
and matters relating thereto and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions
thereof and repealing certain ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith,
and other matters relating thereto," was read aloud, for the first time and voted upon
this 18th day of December, 1935, with the following vote, Commissioners Farnsworth, and
Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down, voting aye. Noes, none.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 216 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be
published once each week for two consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a
daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 20th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty
o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem
This being the time set for the discussion of the erection and operation of a municipal
airport for the City of Las Vegas and a number of interested persons being present an in-
formal discussion on the matter was had.

Present were Mr. Adams and Mr. James, of the Western Air Express, Mr. Dayhoff, and Mr.

Goss of the Transcontinental Air Lines, and Mr. Campbell of the Department of Air Commerce,

Mr. Mackey of the F.E.R.A. office and Mr. Bond of the Western Air Express, also C.D.Baker
City Engineer.

No definite action was taken at this time. Action was deferred until the arrival of the
Mayor and Commissioner Marble from Washington.

Mr. Campbell of the U.S. Department of Air Commerce stated that the site purchased by
the City for use as a municipal airport was satisfactory wo the Department of Air Com-
merce.

Mr. Adams and Mr. James of the Western Air Express stated that their company felt at this
time it would not be to their advantage to abandon their field at this time and use a munici-
pally owned one.

No other business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 30th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

Attest:

City Clerk

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING___

TO VIOLA BURNS, CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board Room of the said Board in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to be held Saturday the 21st day of December, 1935 at the hour
of 4 P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To meet with representatives of the Western Air Express, Transcontinental Air Lines, and
Department of Commerce (Air Division) to discuss the construction of a municipal air port
for the City of Las Vegas on land recently acquired by the City for that purpose.

Dated this 21st day of December, 1935.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble, and
M.E. Ward, Commissioners and L.L. Arnett, Mayor of
he City of Las Vegas.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE RAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City
will be held at the Board room of said Board in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada Saturday the 21st day of December to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To meet with representatives of the Western Air Express, Transcontinental Air Lines, and
Department of Air Commerce to discuss the construction of a municipal air port for the City of
Las Vegas on land recently acquired by the City for that purpose.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the fore going notice of special meeting, and further certify that H.P. Marble
Street Commissioner, is absent from the City and State and his whereabouts is not easily
ascertainable.

L.L. Arnett 	Jas. H. Down	David Farnsworth

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

M.E .Ward_______

Commissioner
The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward,
City Attorney, City Engineer and City Clerk.

Also present were, Mr. Adams and Mr. James of the Western Air Express, Mr. Goss and Mr.
Dayhoff, of the Transcontinental Western Air Lines, Mr. Campbell of the Department of Air
Commerce, Mr. Bond of the WAE and Mr. Mackey of the F.E.R.A.

At this time an informal and general discussion of all the various phases of a municipal
airport was discussed by the Board and the representatives present.

Mr. Adams and Mr. James of the Western Air Express was still of that opinion that their
company would not be able at this time to abandon its air port north of the City some eight
miles.

No definite action of any kind was taken at this meeting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLARK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
DECEMBER 30th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, held on the 30th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty
o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney, City Engineer and City Clerk.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion on the improving of the grounds around
the War Memorial Bldg. and the installing of a heating system in said building. This work
and improvement to be done under the Works Progress Administration. After some discussion
on the matter the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted; on motion of Com-
missioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble:

WHEREAS, There has been submitted to the City as sponsor an application by the City
to the W.P.A. for the sum of $12,985.00 for a heating plant and landscaping for the Mem-
orial Building, and

WHEREAS, it appears that the first four pages of P.W.A. form #301 of said application
has been forwarded to the regional office at Reno, Nevada, and without the signature of the
Mayor, great relay will result, and

WHEREAS, it is represented by Mr. Claude Mackey, that the said application has a pro-
vision to the effect that the City of Las Vegas is obligated to contribute to the said
project use of equipment of the rental value of $1,250.00 and no more,

NOW, THEREFORE, with such understanding it is hereby ordered and directed that the
Mayor sign the said application.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.



This being the time when application for beverage, and liquor business in the City
would be considered, for the year 1936, and a number of such applications having been filed
with the Clerk the Board at once entered into the consideration of the granting of such
licenses. Said licenses to be granted for the year 1936, but licensees paying for the first quarter year.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following beverage
licenses for the year 1936 were granted:

Geo. Markisch, J.K. Housells, for Las Vegas Club, Vera Magness, Boulder Drug Co. Inc;
M.S. Pinjuv, Marjorie Ross, J.M. Sill, Leona Mason, J.R. Mc Michael, A.G.Kahre, Gay Chatterton,
A.F. Smith Jr. and Bessie Williams.

All applications were in proper form and money covering same on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down a sealed package
liquor license was granted to Geo. Markisch. Fee for said license being $50.00 which accom-
panied said application.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth a drug store liquor
license was granted the Boulder Drug Co. Inc. Fee for said license being $50.00 which ac-
companied said application.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the B.P.O. E. (Elk's Club) be granted a club liquor license. The fee of $50.00
accompanied said application.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following tavern
licenses were granted:

Frank Lancaster, for Frank's Bar, J.K. Houssels for Las Vegas Tavern, Sal Sagev
Tavern Inc; Barrel House, Mission Tavern, Al Salton, the Golden Camel, and The Tivoli Tavern.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward, a wholesale liquor license
was granted to Silver's Liquor Distributors Inc. The fee of $75.00 accompanying said appli-
cation.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Marble, Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting age. Noes, none.

The next business brought before the Board for consideration was the granting of
gaming and slot machine licenses for the quarter year Jan. 1st to March 31st, 1936.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
slot machine and gaming licenses for the quarter year were granted. Ail applications
being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Jack Weisberger 1 slot machine	J.R. McMichael	2 slot machines

Art Schreiber 9	"	"	Frank Lancaster 1	"	"

Las Vegas club 4	"	" one pan, one poker, 2 crap tables, 1 Keno with 150

chairs, Big 6 Wheel, Roulette, Faro, and 2 Twenty-one Tables.

J.H. Morgan for the Silver Club, one each crap table and Roulette.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter from W.B. Mundy, Ex-officio City Treasurer, and
F.C.DeVinney, Ex-officio City Assessor in which they ask that their salaries be increased
from the sum of $50.00 per month to the sum of $75.00 per month.

Commissioner Marble moved that the said salaries be increased from $50.00 per month to
$75.00 per month effective as of January 1st, 1936. No second to the motion was made. There-
for said motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Down moved that the letter be placed on file for future consideration, This
motion was seconded by Commissioner Ward, and the following vote was taken, Commissioners Down
Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none, Commissioner Marble not
voting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JANUARY 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of January, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

An ordinance entitle, "An Ordinance defining Garbage and Rubbish, and regulating the
collection and disposal of garbage, and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas, and matters relat-
ing thereto, and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof and re-
pealing certain ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, and other matters
relating thereto," was read for a second time and adopted, approved and finally passed by
the following vote: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His
Honor the Mayor, L.L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none, absent none.

Commissioner Ward ask that he be excused.

Frank Bressette, Sexton of the Woodlawn Cemetery appeared before the Board in regard
to placing a new fence in front of the cemetery grounds on No. 5th St. 

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved that 
Mrs. Mundy, as Secretary of the Cemetery Board take the necessary steps to purchase new fencing 
and repairs to fences at the cemetery. Said expense to be stood by the Cemetery Fund.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
wholesale liquor licenses for the year 1936 were granted. Applications being in proper form
a d money on file with the Clerk covering the cost of same for the quarter year Jan 1st, to
March 31st, 1936 as is provided by ordinance.

Underhill Brothers, Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation and J.T. Watters.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Marble the following
wholesale beverage licenses for the year 1936 were granted. Applications being accompanied by
the sum of $25.00 each covering the license fees for the quarter year Jan. 1st to March 31st,
1936.

Nevada National Ice and Cold Storage Co. Lloyd Young and Outpost Trading Co.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the following liquor store licenses for the year 1936 be granted.

Rose Liquor Distributing Company and Recreation Center. Said applications being 
accompanied by the license fee of $125.00 each covering the cost of said license for the
quarter year Jan. 1st to March 31st, 1936.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
liquor store licenses for the year 1936 were granted:

A.T. Spatz,	H.E. Hazard	

C.V.T. Gilbert	Sam Mikulich

Applications being accompanied by the sum of $50.00 each covering the license fees
for the first quarter year, 1936

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following tavern licenses be granted for the year 1936.

Big Four Bar	Apache Bar	

Pete Pansey	Sam Stearns

Northern Bar	Walter Argyle

Pilar Santa Cruz

All applications be accompanied with the sum of $250.00 each covering the license fee
for the quarter year January 1st to March 21st, 1936.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
retail beverage licenses were granted for the year 1936:

C.V.T. Gilbert	A.T. Spatz	E.P.	Bihlmaier

Babe Stevens	Frank Kernan	R.F.	Lehman

H.E. Hazard	C.F. Reid	Anna	Lujan

Kay Walsh	Boulder Club Inc	Read	City Drug

Joe Carlo	Ted Konduris	Rose Distributing Co.

Recreation Center.

All applications were accompanied by $10.00 each covering license fee for same for
the first quarter year 1936.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The applications for gam ng and slot machines for the first quarter year Of 1936, were
next considered by the Board add upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Farnsworth the following licenses were granted:

Jack Weisberger	1 slot machine Sam Stearns 2 slot machines

White Cross Drug	3	"	"	Frank Kiernan	2	"	"

P.O. Salvagni	6	"	"	A.E. King Ellison	2	slot	machines

Las Vegas Pharmacy	2	"	"	Peter Pansey	1	"     "	

Sal Sagev Tavern Inc.	4	"	"	R.F. Lehman	2	"	"

Apache Club 4 slot machines, one ach craps, twenty-one, roulette and wheel of fortune.

Big Four Club, on poker, one craps and one twenty-one.

Boulder Club Inc; 8 slot machines, one pNa one poker, and one Keno (100 chairs), big
six wheel, twenty-one, Faro, 2 roulette, and crap table.

Norther Club, 3 slot machines, one each pan, poker, roulette, twenty-one, craps, and
race horse book.

C.F. Reid, one poker table.

Applications being in proper form and money on file to cover same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to write Ethel Rapoport and ask that she appear before the
Board of Commissioners at its next meeting and show cause for the issuing of her license to
operate a tavern.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that James Bennett and Ralpy Farley be appointed on the Board of Examiners for Plumbers
in the City of Las Vegas. To qualify by taking the official oath of office and to serve at the
pleasure of the Board of Commissioners.	

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned until Wednesday the 8th day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 8th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 8th day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, Mayor Arnett,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

J.	W. Woodard 2 slot machines	W.J. Lincoln	1 Slot machine

Ray Murphay 3	"	"	J.M. Sills	2	"	"

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following licenses be granted for the year 1936:

Clark County Whle. Mercantile Co. Inc; wholesale beverage license, fee $25.00 per quarter.
U.P. Railway, Professional Drug Store and W.R. Van Eaton, retail beverage, $10.00 per
quarter year each.

All applications in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the following drug store liquor licenses be granted:

Read City Drug and White Cross Drug Co. Inc;

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned until Wednesday the 15th day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock
P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
January 15th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 15th day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Ward, City attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

Mrs. Ethel Rapoport appeared before the Board in regard to the issuing of a license
in her name for the operation of a tavern. Mrs. Rapoport had been ask to appear before the
Board on January 8th, 1936, but was out of the City at that time.

After some discussion on the matter, and it being decided that Paul Rapoport would no
longer be the manager of the "tavern" it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Ward moved and carried that a tavern liquor license be granted to said Ethel Rapo-
port. Application being in proper form and $250.00 ( the fee for said license) accompanying
said application.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

S. Gene Parks, appeared before the Board in regard to the installation of sewer laterals
on North 11th and 12th Street, Fremont to Stewart Sts.

He was instructed to get in touch with C.D.Baker and work out a plan to be presented to
the Board for consideration.

A number of cabin court owners appeared before the Board in regard to the licensing of
duplex houses in the City. No action was taken at this time.

R.R. Russell, Chairman of Publicity for the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the *
Board in regard to the securing of financial aid from the City in the sum of $4,000.00 per year
Said amount to be used in a publicity programme and the hiring of a camera man, and contacting
 the outside advertising world.

Mr. Russell was ask to give to the Board a written description of the programme.
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, That hence forward, no encroachments such as service stations, signs, or any
obstruction which may interfere with highway purposes or any regulations of the Federal
Government relating to Bureau of Public Roads projects, shall be permitted upon the rights of
way included in WPMS project No. 138.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the first quarter year 1936 be granted:

Carl Ray	2 slot machines	L.L. Arnett 35 Slot Machine

E.D.Ciliax	2	"	"	White Spot Cafe	3	"	"

Read City Drug	3	"	"	Sweet Shoppe	26	"	"

E.P. Bihlmaier 14	"	"	State Cafe	2	"	"

Applications bein in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following retail beverage licenses for the year 1936 be granted:

Sophia Noon,	Harry V. Smith	 Newel Peterson

Harry Blanding	M.E. Ward	L and K Market

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	E.D.Ciliax	Jake Ensley

White Spot Cafe	Sewells Unites	Store	Lorenzi Resort.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the Board approve the act of Mayor Arnett in the sending out of letters to the Shrine Clubs in
the United States, inviting them to visit Las Vegas and Boulder Dam on their way from the National
Contention of the Shriners.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 22nd day of January, 1936 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 22nd, 1936

Minutes of a recessed end adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 22nd day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners, Down, Marble and
Farnsworth, City Attorney end City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Ward.

At the invitation of the Board of Commissioners a number of the agents of the oil com-
panies operating in the City were present to discuss the storage of gasoline in the City.

This discussion being had after the serious fire of January 19th, 1936, burning the ware-
houses of Smart and Final, M.E.Ward, Las Vegas Transfer Company and Ed Von Tobel Lumber Co.

Fire Chief Case, C.C. Ronnow and Mr. Doty and Mr. Howard were also present. The later two be-
ing engineer for the Union and Standard Oil Companies.

No act was taken at this time, but the fire hazards of the City were discussed by all
present.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following slot machine
licenses for the quarter year Jan. 1st to March 31st, 1936 were granted:

Art Schreiber 1 slot machine	J.T.Watters	5 slot machines

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following retail bev-
erage licenses for the year 1936 were granted:

John Stathis, Tom Adams, Bert Smith, Inc; and Geo. Wilson.

The sum of $10.00 accompanying each application, covering the license fee for the quarter
year Jan. 1st to March 31st, 1936.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 29th day of January, 1936, at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 29th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on Wednesday the 89th day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, and Marble, City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Ward and Farnsworth.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from R.R. Russell, Director of Publicity
for the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce outlining the proposed publicity programme of the
said Chamber of Commerce and asking the City to contribute the sum of $4,000.00 per year towards
such programme.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the letter be place on file with the Clerk and no action be taken until after a budget
meeting of the Board of Commissioners had been held.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk at the direction of the Mayor read the following letter to the Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada,

January 28th, 1936.

To the Mayor and City Commissioners,

Dear Sirs;

I am at this time handing in my resignation as police and fire commissioners for
the City of Las Vegas.

Yours Respectfully,

M.E. Ward.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
said resignation be laid over for consideration at the regular meeting of the Board to be held
Tuesday the 4th day of February, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

The following telegram from Pat McCarran, Senator was read to the Board and ordered filed.

Washington, D.C.

Jan. 29, 1936

Hon. L.L. Arnett, Mayor.

Doing everything in my power to reconcile all differences in order to get department
commerce to approve municipal airport stop appreciate information contained your wire Will
keep you advised.

Pat McCarran.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that a letter presented to the Board at this time from Fanny Soss proprietor of the Fremont
Hotel be placed on file. Said letter requested that the Board of Commissioners take necessary
steps to close the bowling alley at the Recreation Center at the hour of twelve o'clock mid-
night.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.



No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
 until Monday the 3rd day of February at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 3rd, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 3rd day of February, 1936 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Farnsworth, City Attorney and Clerk.

Chief of Police David Mackey appeared before the Board at this time in regard to securing
proper filing cabinets for the records of the identification department of the Las Vegas City
Police. He was instructed to secure the price of metal files from both the Office Equipment Co.
and Albight's Business Machines Co. and report this findings to the Board at an early date.

C.D.Baker City Engineer read to the Board at the request of Mayor Arnett the statements
make by prisoners ad members of the Las Vegas Police Dept. following anfray in the "City Jail.

A.W. Blackman, Auditor for the City, presented to the Board at this time the proposed
budget for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1936. The meeting at once entered into a lengthy
discussion on the proposed budget.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth a retail beverage license
was granted to the Bartenders Union, No. 165. Application being in proper form and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Dawn, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on Tuesday the 4th day of February, 1936 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and
Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ward.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the City
Clerk. Commissioner Down approving the claims for the Police and Fire Commissioner owing to the
absence of that officer.

All monies received for the month of January, 1936 proportioned as per Journal, and
Ledger.

Mr. Shaffer of the Western Air Express appeared before the Board and explained to the
members present the installation of the beacon light being installed at the airport owned by
the Western Air Express at this time.

A number of insurance agents including O.A. Kimball, E.W.Cragin, and A.H. Harrington
were present and discussed with the Board the rates of a blanket insurance for the City, Fleet
insurance was also considered. No definite action was taken at this time but it was understood
that when the City of Las Vegas should take out fleet and blanket insurance all agents in the
City would share and share alike.

The matter of considering the resignation of M.E. Ward from the position of Police and
Fire Commissioner for the City was next considered and upon motion of Commissioner Marble
seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following motion was introduced and passed:

The communication of Commissioners M.E.Ward, being up for consideration and it appear-
ing that the same refers to this resignation as Fire and Police Commissioner, the Board of
Commissioners feel that said resignation, being solely from a departmental assignment, is not
a proper matter for consideration of the Board, as a whole, but rather cones within the pro-
vidence of the Mayor, under provisions of Section 16, of the City Charter.

It is therefore moved that said communication be left with the Mayor for final disposition.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that the salary of the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, be and
the same is hereby fixed at the sum of $300.00 per month, dating from February 1st, 1936.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed end
adjourned until Tuesday the 11th day of February, at the hour of 1:30 o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 11th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 11th day of February, 1936, at the hour of 1:30 P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, and Marble,
City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioners Ward and Farnsworth.

After the calling of the roll the Board recessed so that the members might attend the
funeral of Norman Ullom, Captain of the L.V. H.S. Football Team.

The meeting recessed and adjourned to meet Thursday the 13th day of February, 1936 at
hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 13th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 18th day of February, 1936, at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, City Clerk and Deputy City Attorney

Ham.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth, and and City Attorney Taylor.

This being National Boy Scout Week a number were present and occupied the chairs of the
Mayor and officials. They were as follows:

Jack Petitti, Mayor, Archie Wasden, Finance Commissioners, Bruce Johnson, Water, Sewer and
Light Commissioner, Raymond Baez, Street Commissioners, Harold Freidman, City Clerk, Orville
Tooley, City Attorney, John Bambino, Supt. Garbage Collection, Bob Eglington, Supt. of Streets,
Bobby Hampton, City Engineer, and Billy Gustin, Deputy City Clerk. These Scouts were introduced
by Mayor Arnett, and entered upon the duties of their various offices.

Mr. Luce, Pres dent of the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board in regard to
the securing of $4,000.00 from the City to be used in a publicity campaign. Mr. Russell, Mr.
Wollman, Mr. Squires, Mr. Grant and Mr. Cahlan, and Mr. Miles spoke for Mr. Luce.

These men were informed that the the City was not in position to pledge the amount of
$4,000.00 towards this publicity programme, but that it would in all probability assist in the
financing of the same when the proper time arroved.

Dr. Meyers, Exalted Ruler of the Elk's Lodge of Las Vegas appeared before the Board ask-
ing for the permission of the Board of Commissioners to use the City Park ground for the
holding of the anticipated "Helldorado". Mr. Worawich spoke for Mr. Meyers.

After some discussion on the matter and no decision being reached the members of the
Elk's lodge were informed that the matter would be considered by the Board at an early date and
its decision handed to the Elk's Lodge.

K.O. Knudson, General Chairman of the "Presidents Birthday Ball" appeared before this Board
with the final report of the various sub-committees and reported to the Board of Commissioners
that the sum of $142.53 had been cleared for the used of the City of Las Vegas, in aiding crippled
children.

On motion of Commissioner Marble it was moved that Mr. Knudson's report be accepted, and
and Mr. Kundson remain in custody of the sum cleared, Namely $142.53 until such time as the Board
saw fit to place same in a fund to be used for the care of crippled children as same is stated
in the general direction in connection with the giving of the "Birthday Ball" each year.

Vote was seconded by Commissioner Ward, and the following vote was taken: Commissioners
Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

John Vinassa and John Graglia appeared before the Board in regard to the placing of a sign
over Main Street, swingin same from the Union Hotel Bldg; and extending over the street some
four feet.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
John Vinassa, Prop. of the Union Hotel be given a revoke-able permit for the erection of a sign
extending four feet over Main Street and attached to the Union Hotel at 225 South Main St.

Said sign to be properly inspected by the inspectors of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward end His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
The recommendation of A.L. Drew for the appointments to the Board of Electrical Examiners
was presented to the Board at this time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
said appointments be considered at the regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners to be held
Wednesday the 4th day of March, 1936.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting. aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following licenses were
granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Safeway Stores,	Retail	Beverage Licenses.

L.L. Arnett	1	Slot	machine.

A.H. Stevenson	1	"	"

Colonial Grocery	1	"	"

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the form of easement for the highway right of way for the under pass at Clark Ave. Westside be
checked by the City Engineer before any action be taken.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward, it was moved and carried that
the Resolution passed at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of
December, 1935 reading as follows, be rescinded," On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by
Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the sum of $1.00 per month be deducted from the pay-
roll of each City employee making over the sum of $25.00 per month. Said ruling to be effective
as of the January 15th, 1936 payroll," That the following be the ruling as to the collection of
Industrial Insurance. That the Clerk be and she is hereby directed to deduct from each payroll
of a City employee making over $25.00 per month the sum in the amount as stated the the rulings
of the Nevada Industrial Commission. This amount covers medical attention and not compensation
from the Commission.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, end Ward end His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Board next took under consideration the granting of permission to the Elk's Lodge for the
holding of the pr posed "Helldorado" on the City park grounds.

Commissioner Ward moved that the Elk's Lodge be given permission to hold the "Helldorado"
on the City Park grounds if a written waiver could be secured from the Las Vegas Land & Water Co.
This waiver would give the City the right to use the park ground for other purposes otherwise than
stated in the deed from the Las Vegas land & Water Co. to the City of Las Vegas.

This motion died for want of a second.

At the close of the meeting the Boy Scouts attending were given a cordial invitation to
visit the Board without waiting for Boy Scout Week.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 18th day of February, 1936 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 18th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas Clark County, Nevada, held on the 28th day of February, 1936, at the hour of
seven thirty P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,

Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Dr. Meyers, Hr. Worswick, and Mr. Gusewelle appeared before the Board representing the
Elk's Lodge and stated to the Board that with its permission the "Helldorado" would be held
on Fremont Street between 6th and 7th Streets, in the same location as used last year.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that it met with he approval of the Board of City Commissioners and they gave their sanction
as to the holding of the "Helldorado" in the site used last year.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner Ward voting no.

Mayor Arnett assured the members of the Elk's Lodge that they would receive the co-oper-
ation of the Board of Commissioners as far as they had power to do so.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to The Vegas Sweet Shoppe.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Joe Ronnow and N. Graham of the Clark County Horsemen's Association appeared before the
Board in regard to the holding of a "Rodeo" on the race track at the City Park. This Rodeo to
be held 23-24-25-26 of April, 1936.
On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the Clark County Horsemen's Association be given permission to hold a Rodeo on the race track
at the City Park. It be strictly understood that all proceeds from same be used in improving the
race track and grandstand.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The City Clerk was directed to write and ask that W.R. Bracken, Vice President of the
Las Vegas Land & Water Co. met with the Board of Commissioners at it next meeting in regard to
securing a waiver from the Las Vegas Land and Water Co. which would allow the City to use the
ground given the City of Las Vegas by the Land and Water Go. for other purposes than park purposes.

On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
Ryland Taylor, City Attorney, write the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce a letter approving
its action on the circulation of a petition in the interest of securing the T.W.A. through
Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk drew to the attention of the Beard the fact that the City of Las
"egas would celebrate its Silver anniversary the 16th of March 1936. The Board at once entered
into a discussion of plans for the celebrating of the birthday of the City.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write all past Mayors, Commissioners, Attorneys and Clerks to attend a meeting to
be held that day and to participate in the activities of the day.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Commissioner Marble excused before the motion was made. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 25th day of February, 1936 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 25th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 25th day of February, 1936.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble, Farns-
worth, and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

W.R. Bracken, Vice President of the Las Vegas Land & Water Company appeared before the
Board at this time, at the invitation of the Board of Commissioners and assured them that
the ground given the City of Las Vegas from the Las Vegas land & Water company was being
used as intend, for park purposes only.

ON motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the City sell to one A.J. Mackie Block 5 in South addition to the City of Las
Vegas, and that Ryland Taylor, City Attorney be instructed to draw up the necessary papers
for the transcation.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Joe Ronnow, President of the Clark County Horsemen's Ass'N. appeared before the Board at
this time in regard to the securing of materials for the erection of the grandstand and
corrals at the race track at the City Park. He presented to the Board for its consideration
the sealed bids of the Von Tobel Lumber Company, L.A. Woitishek Lumber Co. and the Beam Lumber
Company for the necessary materials for the finishing of the corrals and other buildings.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the necessary materials be purchased from the Von Tobel Lumber Company. Said company being
the low bidder on same in the sum of $480.00, and that said material be charged to the Street
Fund, Park Division.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from Chief of Police David Mackey
asking that the license for Frank Lancaster at 109 No. 1st St. for the operation of a tavern
be revoked on the grounds that minors had been allowed to loiter on the premises.

Frank Lancaster appeared before the Board on his own behalf as well as Mr. Underhill of
Underhill Brothers.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commission-
er Marble it was moved and carried that the tavern license of Frank Lancaster be revoked.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Com-
missioner Ward passing his vote. Noes, none.
The Clerk read to the Board a letter from Chief of Police David Mackey recommending to
the Board the revocation of the rooming house and beverage license issued to Veran Magness

for 217 No. 1st St. at the Double O. These licenses were issued for the quarter year January
1st to March 31st, 1936. The reason for the revocation being that minors had been allowed to
work around houses of ill fame which is a violation of the City Ordinance, and the Laws of
the State of Nevada.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by
Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the rooming house and beverage licenses
issued to Vera Magness be revoked.

Vote was commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Commissioner Ward passing his vote. Noes, none.

No further business appearing that this time the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Monday the 2nd day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 2nd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on Monday the 2nd day of March at the hour of l:30 o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Barbie and Ward,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of this date.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 2nd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 2nd day of March, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mrs. O.J. POtthoff of the :Las Vegas Florist appeared before the Board in regard to the
City enacting a ordinance providing for a "special florist" license.

She was adviced by the Board that they would take the matter under advisement.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that a retail beverage license be issued Roy Jay, and a wholesale license (beverage)
be issued to J.R. McMicheal.

Vote was Commissioners Marble, Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Ward passing his vote. Absent Commissioner Down.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

IT IS ORDERED that C.D.Baker, City Engineer, be and he hereby is directed to make and
file with the City Clerk a report and estimate of the cost of the construction of a power
system adequate to supply the City and inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas with required
electrical energy.

He is also authorized and directed to include in his report the estimated purchase
value of the existing plant and system of the Southern Nevada Power Company.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes
none. Commissioner Ward passing his vote. Absent Commissioner Down.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners in interpreting the provision of Ordin-
ance No. 29 of the City of Las Vegas, which prohibits tavern keepers from permitting minors
to frequent or loiter about taverns" feels that such provision should not be directed towards
minor children when accompanied by their parents who may have business in any such establish-
ment.

Vote: Commissioners Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commis-
sion Ward passing his vote. Noes, none, Absent Commissioner Down.

The Clerk read to the Board a petition filed with her by H.M. Morse, Attorney for Frank
Lancaster, and which Mr. Morse petitioned the Board for a re-hearing of the revocation of the
tavern license for Frank Lancaster.

0 motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that Frank Lancaster be granted a re-hearing in regard to the revocation of the
tavern license for 109 No. 1st St. That the City Clerk advise the attorney for same, H.M.
Morse, the Chief of Police David Mackey, and officer Joe May, and Reese Morgan of the action
of this Board and request that they be present at that time. Time being Thursday March 5th,
1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote was Commissioners Marble, and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Commissioner Ward passing his vote.

A.W. Blackman, auditor for the City of Las Vegas was present at this time with the form
of budget for the City for the year 1936.
After some discussion on the form on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Farnsworth the budget for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1936 was adopted in
the following form:

CITY BUDGETS

Budget of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1936
Information Required:

Assessed Valuation	Actual	Estimated

1935	1936

Real Estate and Improvements	$4,221,638.00	$4,200.000.00

Personal Property (County tax roll

plus assessor's collections)	414,387.00	300,000.00

Net Proceeds from mines	____          	______________

Taxable property	4,363,025.00	4,500,000.00

Actual tax rate 1935	$	1.50

Total taxes levied for 1936	1.45

A.	Unencumbered balance in City Treasury on January 1, 1936	$65,579.70

B.	Revenues deem taxes already levied, estimated	$44,555.90

C.	Nontax revenues in	1936, estimated	$84,816.70

D.	Expenditures	1936,	estimated	$170,046.80

E.	Nontax revenues 1937, estimated		$ 60,000.00

F.	Expenditures	1937,	estimated	$150,155.50

Explanation:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total balance less warrants outstanding on January 1.
Exclude all special fund.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied in the previous year
and uncollected, and collections from taxes now delinquent.

C.	See Schedule No. l, Col. 2.

D.	See Schedule No. 2, Col.2.

E.	See Schedule No. l, Col. 3.

F.	See Schedule No. 2, Col. 3.

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2

City Expenditures___

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1935	1936	1937

Administrative salaries	$8,536.00	$8,900.00

Administrative expenses	7,052.60	2,250.00

Police Salaries	22,450.48	23,100.00

Police Department expenses	6,799.41	3,000.00

Fire department salaries	1,800.00	600.00

Fire department expenses	8,726.48	1,980.00

Street department salaries	18,987.27	18,660.00

Street department expenses	12,062.44	3,000.00

City parks	1,932.53	4,310.00

Legal expenses	4,433.55	4,900.00

City court

Electric lights and power	11,899.31	17,280.00

Motor vehicles

Sewage disposal	4,243.83	4,120.00

Health and sanitation	11,858.58	11,850.00

Insurance,	fire	686.43	700.00

Insurance, industrial	1,546.22	11,600.00

Bond redemption	25,827.28	25,827.28

Bond interest	15,570.54	14,039.52

Cemetery	3,039.71	2,500.00

Library	1,922.19	1,400.00

General Fund		20,000.00

Sewer laterals	3,257.23	-0-

Publicity	100.00

Airport	527.11	-0-

6.151.95 __ -0-	__________

Total	$178,410.13	$170,046.80	$150,155.50

SCHEDULE NUMBER 1

REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

General Fund:	Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1935	1936	1937

Licenses	$	67,280.40	$ 50,270.00	$

Fines and fees	4,129.43	4,000.00

Permits	1,530.40	1,500.00

Poll Tax	11,561.00	6,500.00

Sales and rentals	2,551.35	1,500.00

Garbage disposal	5,619.85	5,000.00

Special street improvements	18,821.35	16,046.70

Beer excise tax	2,486.54 _	-0-_______________     

$133,980.32	$84,816.70	$60,000.00
SCHEDULE No. 2A

Bonded Indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Name of bond	date of issue inst rate Amount of issue Annual requirements 1936 Total outstanding

Redemption inst total December 31 '35
60.00

L.V. Highway Bonds	July	1924	6%	$50,000.00	2,000.00 	1680.00 	3740.00	28,000.00

1928 P and C imp.A	July	1929	5%	12,000.00	1,000.00	285.00 	1225.00	5,000.00

1930 P and C " AJ     Jan. 1930	4¾%	18,000.00	1,000.00  707.50  1,707.50	12,000.00

1930 P and C " B	Jan.	1930	6%	10,000.00	1,000.00	227.50 	1,227.50	4,000.00

L.V. Sewage 1931	Dec.	1931	6%	154,000.00	8,000.00 	7920.00 	15,920.00  	136,000.00

13,000.00 10820.00 23,820.00 185.000.00

Bonded Indebtedness of Assessed Property of Las Vegas, Nevada.

1928 P	and	c	Imp#ll	Jan. 1929	6½%	43,778.80	4,377.88	853.68	5231.56	13,133.64

1930 P	and	C	" #13	May 1930	7%	49,595.10	4,959.51	1388.68	6348.19	19,838.04

1930 P	and	C	" #14	May 1930	7%	34,898.90	3,489.89		977.16	4467.05	13,959.56

12,827.28	3219.52 16046.80	46,931.24

25,827.28	14039.52	39866.80 231,931.24

BUDGET FORMULA

Receipts	Expenditures

A.	Unencumbered balance	 January l, 1936	$65,579.70

B.	Revenue from taxes already	levied	44,555.90

C.	Nontax revenues 1936	84,816.70

D. Expenditures	1936	170,046.80

E.	Nontax revenues 1937	60,000.00

Expenditures	1937	150,155.50

G.	Balance, taxes to be levied		65,250.00	_________________

Total (Receipts equal to expenditures)	$320,302.30	$320,202.30

H.	Divide G. by assessed valuation to find tax rate	$	1.45

Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935:"---- Upon the preparation of said budget, it

shall be signed by the governing board of such City, town, municipality, school district, county
high school or high school district, or educational district, and the several sums set forth in said
budget under estimated expenditures for the then current year shall be thereby appropriated

for the several purposes therein named for the said then current year-----

We hereby approve the above budget of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1936.

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.

Jas. H. Down,

Councilman
David Farnsworth
Councilman
H.P. Marble

Councilman
M.E. Ward

Councilman.

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

Dated March 2, 1936.

(City seal).

Vote on the adoption of the above form of budget was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth,
Marble, and His Honor the Mayor, Commissioner Ward passing his vote, Commissioner Down, absent.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of March, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present: Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, and City Attorney and City Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the mayor.

Commissioner Down appointed to approve the claims of the Police and Fire Depts.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk

Dean Bingham appeared before the Board and presented for its consideration a petition
signed by a number of proprietors of grocery stores, petitioning the Board for a Sunday
closing ordinance.

After some discussion on the matter, on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the City Attorney be instructed to draft
a form of ordinance and present same to the Board for consideration governing the Sunday
closing of the various food shops in the City. Mr. Bingham and other interested parties
were aSk to co-operate with Mr. Taylor in the drafting of this ordinance.

Mote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayorvot-
ing aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that the following entitled ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance upon
second reading on this 4th day of March, 1936:

"An Ordinance to probibit the removal from without the City of Las Vegas to points within
the City of Las Vegas and to prohibit the maintenance with the City of houses and structures
constructed or reconstructed elsewhere, and to prevent the removal of houses and structures
from one place within the City of Las Vegas to another place within the City, and providing
penalties for the violations of this ordinance, and other matters relating thereto," said
ordinance to be known as "Emergency Ordinance" No. 217, and to be in full force and effect
from and after its final passage in the Las Vegas Review-Journal for a period of once a
week for two consecutive weeks.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

Thereupon the said Ordinance was read aloud in full for a first and second time
on the above mentioned date.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried:

Resolved, that the City of Las Vegas purchase from J.T. McWilliams, and wife, for
the sum of $260.00 the following described property in the City of Las Vegas,

Fractional block 29 and 30 of the Original Townsite, being about fifty feet more
or less in width.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Mayor Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that Commissioners Down and Marble work on a system of appraising for the City of
Las Vegas, and name three appraisers for said City that shall receive compensation of $5.00
per day for every day they shall be retained as appraisers for the City.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and car-
ried that the City Attorney draft a form of ordinance governing the installation of signs
in the City and present same to the Board for its consideration in the near future.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Ward pass ng his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the following be appointed on the Board of Examiners for Electricians as
provided in Ordinance 167.

S.L. Gelber and Don L. Williams to serve said Board a master electricians.

Carl Warfield and J.W. Holbrook, journeyman electricians on said Board.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that retail beverage license be granted to Earl F. Noon. Said application being
in pr per form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that the City Clerk be instructed to write each wholesale liquor and beverage
establishment in the City and ask that they send a representative to attend a meeting of
the Board of Commissioners to be held Wednesday the 11th day of March, 1936 at the hour of
seven o'clock P.M.

This meeting being call so that the matter of wholesale liquor and beverage
establishments being interested in retail establishments might be clarified.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

The City of Las Vegas having heretofore purchased for highway purposes all of Block

Five (5) in South Addition to the City of Las Vegas for the sum of Five Hundred Ten

($510.00) Dollars, and a certain portion thereof and all that is necessary having been
dedicated to highway purposes and the remainder of the said lot being inadequate for	any

further City use and purpose, and Alex J. Mackie, Senior, having offered to the City	the

sum of Twelve Hundred Fifty ($1250.00) Dollars, for the remainder of the said land after
reserving so much as is necessary for highway purposes, and

It appearing to the Board that the price so offered is commensurate with the value
thereof and it is, in the opinion of the Board, for the best interest of the City that the
said land be sold for that price, Four Hundred Twenty ($420.00) Dollars of which purchase
price having been delivered to the City, and the said Alex J. Mackie, Senior, having
agreed to pay the remainder and residue of the said sum of Eight Hundred Thirty ($830.00)
Dollars on before one (1) year from date, now, therefore, it is

Ordered that the Mayor and City Clerk execute for and on behalf of the City and escrow
agreement, a copy of which is hereunto annexed, and that concurrently with the execution of
the said escrow agreement execute a bargain and sale deed coveying to the said Alex J.

Mackie, Senior, the following described property, to-wit:

All of lots, twenty-five (25) to Thirty-two (32) inclusive, of Block five in South
Addition to he City of Las Vegas, excepting the following described land, which has been
dedicated to highway purposes:

A Portion of all lots embraced in Block 5, referred to as Set forth in a map of the
City of Las Vegas as complied by C.D. Baker as of November, 1939.

Beginning at the intersection of the proposed easterly 40 foot right of way line
and the northerly boundary of Lot 32 of Block 5, said point of beginning described as being
S. 62 06' E. a distance of 28.00 feet from the northwest Corner of said Lot 32 of Block
5, thence from a tangent, which bears #. 7 58' W. curving to the left with a radius of 460
feet, through an angle of 4 29' a distance of 36.00 feet to a point thence S. 3 29' a
distance of 210.00 feet to a point, thence N. 68 31' W. along the southerly boundary of Lot
25 of Block 5 a distance of 80.00 feet to a point, thence N. 3 29' E. returning along the
proposed westerly 40 foot right of way line a distance of 134.00 feet to a point, thence
No. 27 54' E. along the westerly boundary of Block 5 a distance of 137.00 feet to a point,
thence S. 62 06' E. along the northerly boundary of Lot 32 of Block 5, a distance of 28.00

feet to the point of beginning.

Said Right of Way for Public Street containing 0.39 acres more of less.

The said deed to be delivered to the Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company immed-
iately for delivery to Alex J. Mackie, Senior, in the event only, he pays to the Pioneer
Title Insurance and Trust Company, the sum of Eight Hundred Thirty ($830.00) Dollars on or
before one (1) year from date thereof: otherwise the said deed shall be returned to the
City of Las Vegas.

BY________________________________

Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company.

Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Co;

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

You are hereby designated as the escrow holder for the purpose of executing the
following contract:

I,	Alex J. Mackie, Senior, hereby agree to purchase from the City of Las Vegas

The Easterly part of Block Five (5) of the South Addition of the City of Las Vegas,
as shown by map thereof in Book 1 of Plats, page 51, in the office of the County
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, being all of lots Twenty-five (25) to Thirty-two
(32) inclusive, lying Easterly of the highway now being constructed through said
block, also that part of Block Five (5) lying Westerly of said highway,
for the sum of Twelve Hundred Fifty Dollars ($1250.00), Four Hundred Twenty Dollars ($420)
of said price cash, and the balance of Eight Hundred Thirty Dollars ($830.00) payable on
or before one year from date, with interest at the rate of Four Per Cent (4%) Per Annum,
payable quarterly. The said sum of Four Hundred Twenty Dollars ($420.00) has been paid to
the City of Las Vegas, and I agree to pay the balance on or before one year from date to the
Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company in escrow.

Said escrow holder is hereby instructed to use and pay over said money to the City of
Las Vegas when it was received a good and sufficient deed conveying to Alex J. Mackie,

Senior and Luisa Jane Mackie, husband and wife, as joint tenants, the property above descri-
bed above, and when you can issue a policy of title insurance in the usual form in the sum
of Twelve Hundred Fifty Dollars ($1250.00), showing said property vested as above stated,
free and clear of encumbrances, except:

1.	Usual reservations contained in the patent from the State of Nevada.

2.	Restrictions and reservations usual to this tract.

3.	Any taxes or assessments levied subsequent to this date.

The City of Las Vegas acting herein by and through its duly authorized officers, agrees
to sell to Alex J. Mackie, Senior the above described property on the terms and conditions
above mentioned and hand you herewith deed duly executed, which you are hereby instructed
to use and deliver when you have received for the City's account the sum of Eight Hundred
Thirty ($830.00) Dollars, provided the said sum shall be received within the period of one
(1) year from the date hereof, which said sum, less the usual title and escrow fees, shall
be transmitted to the City of Las Vegas for the City's use.

It is understood and agreed that time is of the essence of this agreement, and should
the said Alex J. Mackie, Senior, fail or refuse to make payment on Eight Hundred Thirty
($830.00) Dollars within the period of one (1) year from the date the said City of Las Vegas
shall be released from any obligations in law and equity to convey the said property as

above mentioned, and upon the failure of the said Alex J. Mackie, Senior to make the said
payment within the said year, the escrow holder is hereby instructed to return the Deed

above mentioned to the City of Las Vegas and cancel this transaction. It is further under-
stood and agreed that in the event this agreement is cancelled and the said deed is returned
to the City of Las Vegas, then, and in such event, the City of Las Vegas shall keep and
retain the Four Hundred Twenty ($420.00) Dollars heretofore paid to the City of Las Vegas as
rental for the use and occupation of the said premises during the said period.

Witness our hands this 4th day of March, 1936.

Purchaser

The City of Las Vegas a Municipal
Corporation, Clark County, Nevada.

Its mayor.

BY________________________________

Its City Clerk
Seller.

Vote on the above resolution was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
and adjourned until Thursday the 5th day of March, 1936 at the hour of Three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 5th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 5th day of March, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mr. A.L. Worswick appeared before the Board in regard to the City decorating the
streets of the City of Las Vegas during "HellDorado Week" April 23-34-25-26, 1936. He was
assured that the City would co-operate with the Elk's Lodge in the giving of the said
"Helldorado" in every way it possibly could.

This was the time set for the hearing of the appeal of Frank Lancaster for
the restoration of his license to operate a tavern which had hereto had been revocated.

This hearing was held informally and at its close after listening to several witness for
both Mr. Lancaster and the City the Mayor informed Mr. Lancaster that the Board of Com-
missioners did not see fit to restore his license for the operation of a tavern.

The application of The Acme Distributing Company for license to operate a wholesale
beverage establishment was presented to the Board for consideration. Application being in
proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the wholesale license be granted the Acme Distributing Company.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 11th day of March, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
MARCH 11th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 11th day of March, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward. City Attorney and City Clerk
This being the time previously set by the Board of commissioners for the meeting with the
wholesale beverage and liquor dealers in the City of Las Vegas and a number being present
a general discussion ensued in regard to the various sections of the ordinance governing the
wholesaling and retailing of liquors. No definite action of any kind was taken at this time.

H. Case appeared before the Board with plans for the remodeling of the firehall. He was
instructed to proceed with the improvements under the supervision of C.D.Baker, Building In-
spector.

Mike Pinjuv, operator of a grocery store appeared before the Board protesting the pass-
ing of a Sunday closing ordinance for grocers.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the retail beverage license applied for by Venis Lancaster to granted. Money
to cover the same accompanying the application.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Com-
missioner Ward passing his vote. Noes, none.

Dr. R.W.Smith, City meat inspector appeared before the Board requesting that body to
appoint an official place for the inspection of meats.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the slaughter house of the Southern Nevada Meat and Provision Corporation be
designated an official slaughter house and meat inspection station.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Commissioner Down previously excused. Noes, none.

The letter read a letter to the Board at this time from the Clark County Board of Com-
missioners asking that a representative from the City Board attend a meeting of the County
Board Friday the 13th day of March, 1936 for the purpose of discussion the budgets for the
year 1936.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that Mayor Arnett and A.W. Blackman, auditor for the City attend this meeting.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The following entitled petition was presented to the Board by the Clerk.

PETITION

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

We, the undersigned, citizens and residents of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, recognizing that Joe May, for about seventeen years, served the people of
this community honestly, efficiently and fearlessly as a police officer, respectfully pet-
ition your honorable Board to reconsider the action heretofore taken dismissing Joe May from
the City Police Department and we respectfully request that he be reinstated as a member
of said department.

Respectfully yours,

Said petition was signed by about three hundred fifty persons.

On motion of Commissioner Barbie seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the reading of the petition and names be waived and that the same be referred
to Mayor Arnett for disposition.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
 Ward passing his vote. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Saturday the 14th day of March, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

COURT HOUSE LAWN, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 14th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 14th day of March, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Ward, Down and Marble
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

This meeting being held in commemoration of the incorporating of the City of Las Vegas
March 16th, 1921, A number of members of past Boards of Commissioners were present and spoke
upon the advancement of the City in the last twenty-five years and related many interesting
incidents in regard to the growth of the City.

Among those present were former Mayors, Buol, German, Cragin, Hesse Ferron and former
Commissioners Von Tobel Lou Martin Mundy, Smith, Hammond, Neagle, former City Attorneys Ham,
and Henderson, Clerk W.L. Scott, former Chiefs of Police Nash and Boggs, member of the
Cemetery Board Mrs. Theresa McGovern.
Minutes of the first meeting of the hoard of Commissioners was read and former Mayor
Buol stated that no corrections were in order.

No business appearing before this meeting the meeting recessed until Wednesday the 18th
day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 18th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 18th day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

John Miller appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the amendments proposed
to the City "Zoning Ordinance". Mr. Miller pr tested the exclusion of duplex, apartment
houses and the moving in of houses in that section of the City known as "Wardie Addition".

No decision was reached at this time.

The Clerk read to the Board the report of Dr. Mildren, City Health Officer of the condit-
ion of the two slaughter houses in the City. He reported that the slaughter house of the Sou.
Nev. Meat and Provision Company was in good sanitary condition and was in proper form to be
issued a "slaughter house license" if the Board saw fit to do so.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the Southern Nevada Meat and Provision Company be granted a slaughter house license for
one year when such license was demanded of the Clerk and the fee of $25.00 per year for such
license was handed the Clerk.

Bote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to write the Peoples Packing Company and inform them of the find-
ings of the City Health Officer.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 25th day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 25th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble and Ward,

City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Farnsworth.

A number of petitions signed by property owners in South and Wardie Addition were presented to
the Board in regard to restrictions in the proposed zoning ordinance. Also a number of inter-
ested citizens were present in regard to the proposed amendments to the zoning ordinance.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Ward it was moved and Carried that that portion the City from Bridger Street to

Charleston Drive east of the alley between 5th and 6th Streets to the alley between 9th and
10th streets, and from Bridger Street to Clark Street from 10th to 11th street to restricted
to dwellings costing $2,500.00 or more.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Additional petitions for the re-instatement of Joe May to the Police Department was presented
to the Board, also Mr. May appeared before the Board in his own behalf for re-instatement.

He was informed that it was not possible for him to be placed on the City Police Dept; but
that he was privileged to seek employment on any of the other departments of the City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 2nd day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 2nd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 2nd day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Farnsworth, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ward.

Mr. Lord of Boulder City appeared before the Board in regard to the securing of permis-
sion for the operation of a loud speaker advertising system. Decision on this matter to be
handed him in the next few days as this was somewhat in conflict with the City "Sound Ordina-
nce."

Mr. Vander Meer appeared before the Board in regard to the fees for "milk inspection"
and ask that the Board consider the re-visions of said fees. He was told that the matter would
be given consideration.

Commissioner Ward arrived late.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the resignation of Mrs. Julia P. Mundy, as Secretary of the Cemetery Board, just
handed the Board be considered at the regular meeting to be held April 4th, 1936.

The vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The	Clerk read to the Board	a letter	from the Las Vegas	Land and Water Company asking

the City	to pass and enforce an ordinance	governing waste of	water for the summer months.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the letter of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company be handed Commissioner Down for in-
vestigation and recommendation.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The	Clerk read to the Board	a letter	from Lou Martin, owner of unimproved property in

Wardie Addition petitioning the City not to restrict duplex and apartment house from that

sub-division.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Clerk be directed to write Mr. Martin and tell him his request would be given
favorable consideration when the amendments to the zoning ordinance were drafted.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

A number of applications for the renewal of gambling and slot machine licenses for the
second quarter year, April 1st to June 30th, 1936 were presented to the Board. All applications
being in proper order and money on file with the clerk covering all a licenses applied for.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following licenses
were granted:

Big Four Club, Northern Club, by Elmer Sorber, Las Vegas Club, Apache Club, Joe Morgan,
C.F. Reid and Boulder Club.

Slot machine	licenses Market Spot 2	Exchange Club 2

J.M. Sill 2	Frank Kerman 2	A.E. King Ellison	2

W.A. Ferguson	2	R. Lowery	2	Venis Lancaster	2

Apache Bar	4	Apache Cafe	2	Sal Sagev Tavern	3.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

C.D. Baker, City Engineer, at Commissioner Marble's direction presented to the Board cuts
and prices of equipment suitable for the oiling of streets. After some discussion on the matter
On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, Seconded By Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Marble proceed with the purchase of road oiling equipment.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following beverage licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money
on file in the Clerk's office covering the same.

Wm. C. Angus, Ralph Purdy, Grace Bates, W.E. Alexander and Elmer Sorber.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on Saturday the 4th day of April at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, Mayor Arnett,
City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the Office of the Clerk.

Reports approved.

Chief of Police Mackey appeared before the Board in regard to the securing of a new
motorcycle to be used for traffic duty.

Jack Price appeared before the Board in regard to the V.F.W. being allowed to sponsor a
carnival in City and no license fee being exacted from the Company. He was informed that the
Board would take the matter under consideration and a decision would be handed him in the
next few days.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that the City Clerk forward a letter to the Interstate Commerce Commission in Washington
urging that Commission to look with favor upon the application of the Transcontinental
Western Air Line's application for a route through the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted for the second quarter year, April
1st to June 30th, 1936.

Art Schreiber 10 licenses, A.F.Smith Jr. 1, and Lehman's Cafe 2.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor vot-
ing aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that Paul Jones be granted a retail beverage license at Lehman's cafe.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The business of starting the improvements on the ground purchased by the City to be used
as a "municipal airport" was brought before the Board for consideration. C.D.Baker City
Engineer presented to the Board proposals for the grading and leveling of two 5,000 feet

runways.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Mayor enter into a contract for the leveling and grading of the runways at
the cost of approximately $1,500.00

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none, Commissioner Ward being excused before the motion was introduced.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 8th day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 8th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the
8th day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down add Farnsworth,

City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Marble and Ward.

Mrs. McGovern appeared before the Board in regard to the resignation of Mrs. Mundy, as
Secretary of the Cemetery Board.

After some discussion on the matter it was thought that in all probability that Mrs. Mundy
might reconsider her resignation and no definite action was taken.

Commissioner Down reported that he had been over the water situation in the City in
connection with the letter received from the Las Vegas Land and Water Company requesting the
passing of an emergency ordinance governing the using of water through the summer months.,
and in his opinion the passing of such an ordinance was not beyond reason. No definite action
was taken at this time however.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved end
carried that all slot machine licenses presented to the Board at this time be granted.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 15th day of April 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 15th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 15th day of April, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Ward.

Dr. W.S. Park appeared before the Board in regard to the securing of a permit for the
construction of a permanent protico over the sidewalk on the southeast corner of Second and
Fremont Streets. No definite action was taken, but the Clerk was directed to write and ask
that the Planning Commission of the City make recommendation to the Board in regard to the
construction of said portico.

Dr. Woodbury and a number of interested golfers of the City appeared before the Board
in regard to improvements on the "Municipal Golf Course". They were informed by Commissioner
Marble that as soon as the projects under way were completed the improving of the golf
course would be considered.

The matter of the improving of the runways at the City's Municipal Airport was presented
to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the City not enter into an agreement with Mr. Morrison for the work at the
airport as said Mr. Morrison had beer taken ill and was notable to proceed with the work.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth and Marie and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioners Marble it was moved and
carried that the City enter into the proposal of F.A. Monson for the work of improving the
runways at the airport. Price to be 1,500.00 and said proposal to be signed by H.P. Marble
Street Commissioner on behalf of the City.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following slot
machine licenses were granted:

E.P. Bihlmaier	15 Machine	City Drug Store	3 Machines

Jack Weisberger	2	"	E.D. Ciiiax	2	"

J.T. Watters	4	"	Vegas Sweet Shoppe	23	"

L.L. Arnett	42	"	W.R. Van Eaton	1	"

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that M.E. Ward be granted retail beverage license (20%) and Mrs. Leonora Aguirre
and A.J. Carlone retail beverage ,licenses (7%).

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried upon recommendation of C.D. Baker City Engineer, that C.E. Bartlett be appointed Deputy
City building Inspector to work in conjunction with the erection of the new school building,
Mr. Bartlett to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing with the Clerk a bond
in the sum of $1,000.00. A Surety Company Bond being preferred.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 22nd day of April, 1936. at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
APRIL 22nd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 22nd day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem Down, Commissioners Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Arnett/

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

W.J. Lincoln	1 Slot machine, Karl Hovey	3 race horse slot machines

L.L. Arnett	1 slot machine	Ray Murphy	3 slot machines.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.
Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that retail beverage licenses be granted to D.G. Lorenzi and Stanley Gawecki.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting
ave. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board the recommendation of The City Planning Com-
mission in regard to the erection by Dr. Park of a permanent protico over the southeast
corner of Fremont and Second Street. The Planning Commission recommended that Dr. Park be
given permission to erect this portico.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the letter from the Planning Commission be filed for reference at such time as a formal
application may be received from Dr. Park.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes,

none.

A number of the members of the Horseman's Association were present at this time and
entered into a discussion as to the ways of handling the sale of ticket for the Rodeo to
be staged in Las Vegas April 24,25, and 26th under the auspices of the Horseman's Assoc-
iation.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Farnsworth,
Seconded by Commissioner Ward moved and carried that the Horseman's Association proceed with
the sale of the tickets as started and that all receipts from the Rodeo be given to the City
of Las Vegas to help defray the expense of constructing the grand stand and chutes,

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, and Ward and J.H. Down, Mayor pro tem voting aye.
Commissioner Marble voting no.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of May, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward. City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per "Claims end Warrant Register" on file in the office of the

Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following order
was issued by the Board of Commissioners:

IT IS ORDERED, that the City Attorney for with and immediately perfect an appeal in the
case entitled C.C. Ronnow, VS. the City of Las Vegas, et al. No. 6403, entitled in the Eighth
Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada, in and for Clark County; that he procure the
necessary appeal bond for the City and do all other things necessary to the end that the said
case be reviewed by the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner Ward voting no. Absent none.

Mr. Claude Mackey appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the City prepar-
ing figures so that a new W.P.A. project covering street work in the City might be commenced.

Mr. Mackey is the W.P.A. Administrator for this district.

Mr. Baker, City Engineer was instructed to prepare figures for street paving, sidewalk
and curb improvements.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that three slot machine licenses be granted to Karl Hovey and one license to Mildred's
Cafe.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the beverage license application of N.W. Neal (colored) be referred to the Chief of Police
for investigation.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and car-
ried that the letter from the Community Chevrolet Company for permission to use the streets
for advertising be referred to The Chief of Police for disposal.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.
An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section three of ordinance No. 201 entitled
"An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals and sanitary conditions of all places dis-
pensing food and refreshment to the public; providing for the inspection of meats and meat
products to be possessed and sold in the City of Las Vegas; prohibiting the sale and possess-
ion of uninspected meats for human food; authorizing the appointment of meat inspectors; pro-
hibiting the sale of meat and meat products by unlicensed establishments and providing a
penalty for the violation thereof approved the fourth day of October, 1933, as amended," was
read for a first time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

he Clerk was thereupon directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age
a weekly newspaper published in Las Vegas, for once a week for two consecutive weeks.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit waste of water; defining waste of water,
regulating the use thereof; and providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance and
repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for the
first time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was then directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Review-
Journal for once each week for two consecutive weeks.

The improving of a golf course for the City of Las Vegas was next Brought before the
Board for consideration. The present site south of the City on the Los Angeles Highway and
twenty acres adjoining the Fish Hatchery were discussed as possible sites. after some dis-
cussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth
it was moved and carried that the City Engineer, C.D.Baker be instructed to prepare all
possible information as to the soil, location and prepare contour maps of the two sites con-
sidered and present same to the Board for consideration in the very near future.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned until Wednesday the 13th day of May at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
MAY 13th, 1936.

Minutes of a	recessed regular	meeting of	the Board of	Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas Held	on the 13th day of May, 1936	at the hour	of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward and City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. Haake of the Northern Club appeared before the Board in regard to the securing
of a license for the operation of a device to be known as "Big Wheel Roulette". The
matter was referred to City Attorney Taylor for investigation as this was not a device
known to the Board of City Commissioners and might be in opposition to the State and
City laws governing licensed gambling.

A number of persons interested in a "municipal golf" course for the City appeared
before the Board at this time and the two site suggest were discussed. The sites being
the improvement of	the present site	east of the	City on the	Los Angeles Highway and	the

improving of a tract of land owned	by the City	abutting on	the "Fish Hatchery".

Dr. Park, as spokesman for the Golf Club, assured the Board that the use of any of
the ground by the City for water rights would met with the satisfaction of the Club, as
they in no way would interfere with the City and it entering into a plant to supply the
inhabitants of the City with water. This ground had been originally purchased with the
idea inmind of the City at sometime owning its own water works.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by
Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried:

That the City pledge support for an improved golf course and grant for use as a
site either the present golf course, or a similar site on the City farm near the fish
hatchery, which ever site maybe agreed upon by officials of the Las Vegas Municipal
Golf Club and the local representative of the W.P.A. as the most practicable for the pur-
pose. Provided that the City reserves a tract of approximately forty acres of their
choosing. Said tract to be retained as a source of water which may be required for
future municipal purposes; said provision to extend in case of emergency to the entire
tract including hatchery grounds.

Voting aye Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward. Commissioner Down and His
Honor the Mayor passing their vote. Noes, none.

A representation of the "Soft Ball League" appeared before the Board in regard to
the securing of lights for the ball park and the use of the park and grandstand through
the summer season by the League.

After some discussion on the matter they were directed to met with Commissioners
Down and Marble and present their plans to them as these Commissioners have the super-
vision of the lights and parks respectively.
A number of persons appeared before the Board in regard to the passing of an ordinance
governing the closing of grocery stores and meat markets on "Sunday".

After some discussion on the matter the following entitled ordinance was read aloud for
the first time:

"An Ordinance requiring establishments for the sale of food intended for human consumption
to close Sunday and providing penalties for the violation thereof, and other matters relating
thereto."

Voting for the passage of the ordinance Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward,
and His Honor the Mayor. Noes, none. Absent, none.

The City Clerk was thereupon directed to cause said ordinance to be published in the Las
Vegas Review-Journal for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks.

A petition from the Las Vegas Contractors Association was presented to the Board for con-
sideration. This petition ask that the license fee for contractors be raised and paid by the
year and that all persons before securing a permit for the erection of a building secure a
contractors license before securing the building permit.

This Association was ask to confer with C.D. Baker, Building Inspector and and Ryland
Taylor City Attorney.

The purchasing of equipment to aid in the cleaning of sewers, and the purchasing of
a truck by the Light Department were discussed at this time, and upon motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworths it was moved and carried that Commissioner Down
Commissioner of Water Sewer and Light purchase the needed equipment for his departments.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted Bob Elam and H.V. Means. Application being in
proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

Vegas Sweet Shoppe three slot machine licenses and Clarence Huston one.

	Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor

voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Mayor L.L. Arnett write Captain Doolin in regard to the Municipal Airport in
substantially the following form:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

May 14th, 1936

Captain B.M. Doolin,

C/O Bureau of Air Commerce,

49 Fourth Street,

San Francisco, California.

IN. RE: LAS VEGAS, NEVADA AIRPORT

Dear Captain Doolin:

Immediately after your visit to Las Vegas, the Mayor was called to
Northern California because of family illness, and has just returned to Las Vegas.

Agreeably with the understanding we had with you when you were in Las Vegas, we submit
suggestions with reference to the Las Vegas airport, which, because of our unfamiliarity with
the subject, will of necessity have to be more or less general in character.

We are in receipt of a copy of a contract between the City of San Diego and American
Airways upon what is known as Lindberg Field in San Diego. This contract has some very help-
ful suggestions. We are, therefore, enclosing a copy herewith for any assistance that it
might be to you.

We are also enclosing therewith an enumeration of conditions proposed by Mr. Alvin P.
Adams of Western Air.

With reference to these conditions we make the following suggestions:

Item 2: For many reasons Item Two would be impractical for it is proposed by the City to
establish a facility for all airlines coming into the city in the future, as well as all trans-
ient ships. The City would not permit the airport to get beyond its control and thereby defeat
this purpose.	Twenty-five	years seems to be a long period in any event. In	no	event	would	this

city give	any	one	company	exclusive control or use of the airport.

Item	4:	The	same objection as pointed out in connection with Item Two.

__Item	5: 	The	city is	agreeable to carring fire insurance upon its own property sufficient

to replace any destruction from such a hazard, but to insure private carriers against public
liability and to insure against fire hazards the property of private carriers is beyond the
scope, purpose and authority of the municipal corporation.
Item 6:	The city should have reserved the right to fix all rates, but is willing that

an arbiter other than the airlines participate, or the city will assent to any method that
will be conducive to the protection of future air commerce for the city.

Item 9: This is an impossible condition. We understand that the government in a sit-
uation of this kind, does not escrow their ear-market allotments of money. This is a matter
in which we have no voice.

Item 12 : The city cannot exempt Western Air, or any other company, from taxes for this
would require a constitutional amendment.

As a general proposition the city is anxious to enter into an arrangement with Western
Air with the object in view, as stated before, of giving the Western Air a full, complete
but non-exclusive, use and right to the city's airport, having in mind the interests of air
companies that may want to use the field jointly in the future, with the view also of letting
the airport pay its own way or approximately so, and no more. In other words, the city cannot
permit its airport to be so encumbered as to permit any one company to make a profit from
another company or in any way interfere with the complete and full enjoyment of the field by
all regularly established lines, as well as transient ships.

We thank you again for your kind assistance in this matter and express the hope that
we may be able to complete this program.

Very respectfully
THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

BY L.L. ARNETT MAYOR.

L.L. Arnett

and that copies be sent to honorable James G. Scrugham, Alvin P. Adams, and S.D. Walsh.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

It was brought to the attention of the Board at this time that Mrs. Mundy, Secretary
of the Cemetery Board and Mrs. McGovern also a member of the Board had handed the City their
resignations from the cemetery Board there fore leaving no person or persons in charge of
this department of the City.	

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that Viola Burns, City Clerk take temporary charge of the Cemetery until a
new Board might be appointed or some other plan of carring for the Cemetery could be form-
ulated.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 20th day of May, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 20th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 20th day of June, 1936.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

Leo McNamee Attorney for The Northern Club appeared before the Board in regard to the
said Club securing a license for the operation of "Big Wheel Roulette". He was advised that
a decision would be handed the Club on Wednesday the 27th day of May, 1936.

M.S. Pinjuv appeared before the Board in regard to the "Sunday Closing Ordinance"
that would come up for second reading June 4th, 1936. He advised the Board that there were
several petitions being circulated asking that the ordinance not be passed. Theses
petitions being in the hands of the New Deal Market, Colonial Grocery, Market Spot, and
A.J. Carlone besides one being with Mr. Pinjuv. He was advised that the matter would be
given consideration at such time as the ordinance could be brought before the Commissioners
for second reading.
On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that one slot machine license be granted to L.L. Arnett and one to A.H. Stevenson Jr.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the resignations of Mrs. W.B. Mundy, as Secretary of the Cemetery Board and
Mrs. Theresa McGovern member of said Board be accepted and that the Clerk write them letters
of appreciation for the years service they had rendered the City on this Board.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that Viola Burns, and C.D. Baker be appointed to fill the vacancies occurring on
the Cemetery Board.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

These appointments were in made in accordance with Ordinance No. 56, creating a
Cemetery Board

No motion of Commissioner Down sec nded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Clerk be directed to write the New Palace Theater and inform them that the
revocable permit issued them for the erection of a sign over South Second Street in front
of the theater would be revoked unless same was used in the next thirty days. Said permit
was granted November 12th, 1936.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 27th day of May, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL MEETING

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 25th, 1936

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO- Viola Burns, City Clerk
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, Monday May 25, 1936 at the hour of two o'clock P.M. of said day to consider
and act upon the following matter:

To consider the proposition of the Mayor L.L. Arnett, and the City Attorney Ryland Taylor
testifying before the Interstate Commission on the application of the Transcontinental West-
ern Air Incorporated for permission to establish an air line from Albuquerque to San Francisco
via of Las Vegas, Nevada and other matters relating thereto.

Dated this 25th day of May, 1936.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIALMEETING

To- Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble
and M.E.Ward, Commissioners and L.L. Arnett
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the said
City will be held at the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners of said City in the City
Clerk's office at the hour of two o'clock P.M. on Monday the 25th day of May, 1936 to consider
and act upon the following business:

To consider the proposition of the Mayor, L.L. Arnett, and the City Attorney Ryland Taylor
testifying before the Interstate Commission on the application of the Transcontinental West-
ern Air Corporation for permission to establish an air line from Albuquerque to San Francisco
via of Las Vegas, Nevada, and other matters relating thereto.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

Acceptance of Service

 WE, the undersigned Mayor and commissioners of the City of Las V gas do hereby admit
due service of the foregoing notice and represent that David Farnsworth is present in the
the City of Las Vegas on this date but unable to attend this meeting.

Dated: May 25th, 1936

L.L. Arnett	H.P. Marble

Mayor	Commissioner

Jas. H. Down	M.E.Ward

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of May, 1936 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Ward and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth and City Attorney Taylor.

The Board at once entered into a discussion on the business of the Mayor and Attorney
appearing in Washington D.C. and testifying before the Interstate Commission on the application
of the Transcontinental Western Air for permission to operate an air line through the City of
Las Vegas, After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded
by commissioner Down the following Resolution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED: That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas authorize the Mayor,

L.L. Arnett, and City Attorney Ryland Taylor to appear before the Interstate Commission in
Washington, D.C. June, 2nd, and testify in regard to the application of the Transcontinental
Western Air Corporation for permission to establish an airline from San Francisco, California
to Albuquerque N.M. via of Las Vegas, Nevada. Said trip to be of no expense to the City of L.V.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Commissioner Farnsworth absent.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 27th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 27th day of May, 1936.

The following answered roll call, Jas. H. Down, Mayor pro tem, Commissioners Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, Deputy City Attorney Ham, and City Clerk

Absent Mayor Arnett, and City Attorney Taylor.

Frank Bressette, Sexton of Woodlawn Cemetery appeared before the Board in regard to
securing a new motor mower for the Cemetery.

On Motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a motor mower for immediate delivery. Warrant to be drawn on the Cem-
etery Fund covering the cost of same, approximately $350.00.

Vote was Commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from Dr. Park, Chairmen of the Las
Vegas Municipal golf Club Committee asking that some one from the Golf Club be appointed to
act for him during his absence through the summer months.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that I.S. Crandall be appointed to act in this capacity during Dr. Park's absence.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

A number of operators of grocery stores appeared before the Board protesting the
passage of the Sun. Closing Ordinance.

They were informed that no action would be taken until the Fourth of June, 1936.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1936

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Jas. H. Down, Mayor pro tem, Commissioners Farns-
worth, Marble and Ward, City Clerk and Deputy City Attorney.

Absent Mayor Arnett, and City Attorney Taylor.

All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time the Board considered the passage of an ordinance regulating the inspection
of tank gas connections in the City of Las Vegas as per draft of ordinance prepared by City
Attorney Taylor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the W.S.L. Commissioner and the City Engineer study the draft of said ordinance
and report their findings to the Board at an early date.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the Vegas Sweet Shoppe be granted two slot machine licenses.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the Overland Drug Company be granted a retail beverage license.

Vote was commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye.

Noes, none.	

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from the Golden West Oil and Refining
Company offering to the City a number of lots on the Westside of the City of Las Vegas abutting
on the U.P. R.R. right of way.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that the Commissioner of Street H.P. Marble and The City Attorney negotiate with the
Golden West Oil and Refining Company for the purchase of said lots if a clear title may be
secured and that the proper paper be prepared. Cost of said lots $3000.00. 

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye
Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board a number of petitions that had been circulated by the
Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce petitioning the Board of Commissioners to give financial
aid toward a news camera man for this locality.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the petitions be give to the Finance Commissioner Farnsworth for investigation and report
to the Board.

Vote was commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
the the Clerk be directed to write Dr. F.R. Mildren, City Health Officer and ask that he make
and inspection of the building being erected for the Peoples Packing Company and report to
the Board his findings so that the Board may know if the said company is meeting the require-
ments for a slaughter house.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes, none

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the City purchase a microscope for the use of	the City Milk Inspector.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and	Ward and His Honor the Mayor	Pro	Tem

voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time bids for the purchase of a truck	for the Street Dept. were opened and	after

some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner

Ward it was moved and carried that the Bids be analyzed by the Commissioner of Street and com-
pared with specifications and that the said Commissioner select the truck that in his best
judgement met the specifications and would be most suitable for that department.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, and Ward and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Commis-
sioner Marble passing his vote. Noes, none.

The final passage of an ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit the waste of water;
defining waste of water; regulating the use thereof; end providing penalties for the violation
of this ordinance and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith"
was considered and it was there upon read to the Board for a second time and adopted by the
follow ng vote: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Jas. H. Down, Mayor pro Tem
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appear ng before the Board it was upon motion of Commissioner Marble
seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth moved and carried that the meet ng recess and adjourn until
Monday the 8th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and the Mayor Pro Tem voting aye.

Noes, none.

Thereupon the meeting recessed and adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JUNE 8th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 8th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, City Clerk and City Attorney.

This being the time set for the consideration and the final passage of an ordinance govern-
ing Sunday Closing in the City of Las V gas the Board at once took this under consideration.

Attorney Geo. Marshall, representing a number of operators of grocery stores opposing the
passing of the ordinance appeared before the Board and ask that the said ordinance not be passed.

Mr. Wangsgard and and Mr. Blanding appeared before the Board asking that the matter be deferred
 to a later date so that they might secure legal advice as they were in favor of the Sunday
closing.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter the ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance Requiring
Establishments For The Sale of Foods Intended For Human Consumption To Close On Sunday And Pro-
viding Penalties For The Violation Thereof, And Other Matters Relating Thereto," was read for a
second time and failed to pass by the follow ng vote: Commissioner Down voting aye. Commissioners
Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting no.

The probability of giving a concession permission to operate at the ball park through the
summer season was considered and Commissioner Marble was directed to investigate the matter and
report to the Board at an early date.

A letter from the State Highway Department was read to the Board stating that approxim-
ately $3,000.00 was remaining in the fund to be used on the improvement of North Fifth Street
and South Main Street and it was suggested in the letter that the City proceed with the oil
finish on said streets and that the said $3,000.00 would apply on that improvement and the City
would furnish about $8,000.00 more materials.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded By Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the City Engineer C.D.Baker investigate and check this matter and report to the Board before
further action should be taken.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A representative of the Labor Council appeared before the Board and stated that the Labor
Council heartily approved of the City having municipal power and stated that the Council had gone
on record at a meeting held the first part of the year as such.

Mr. Taylor and Mr. Arnett each reported to the Board on their trip to Washington D.C. to
testify before the Interstate Commission in behalf of the Transcontinental Western Airlines
for permission to operate and airline through the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Friday the 12th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 12th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 12th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Ward.

A number of citizens from Woodlawn Park Tract in the City of Las Vegas appeared before the
Board in regard to having that sub-division zoned and making it strictly a residential district.

They were informed that some action would be taken at the meeting of the Board of Commissioners
 to be Held Monday night June 15th, 1936.

The granting of a concession for the sale of soft drinks at the ball park during the time
the soft ball league would be playing was brought before the Board for consideration. No action
was taken. Mr. Marble stated to the Board he had under consideration two or three possible
propositions.

Minutes of the meetings of November 19-20-27, and December 4-6-11-14-18-20-21-30 read
and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday June 15th, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA:
JUNE 15th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 15th, day of June 1936 at the hour of Seven o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor L. L. Arnett, and Commissioners Jas. H.
Down, David Farnsworth, H. P. Marble and M. E. Ward, City Attorney Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy
City Clerk Le Roy Whipple.

At this time a bill for $1324. 04 was presented to the Board by A. C. Grant for the
purchase of one ford truck to be used by the street department for a combination sprinkler and
oil sprayer. Mr. H. P. Marble at this time stated that he was in no way financially interested
in the sale of such truck or the monies derived from such sale, and the bill was allowed and
ordered payed.

A Letter from Dr. F. R. Mildren City Health Officer was next read. This letter was in
the form of a report covering conditions of the People's Packing Plant located on the Old Ullom
Ranch. Dr. Mildren stated in his report that the People's Plant was yet in no condition to
receive a permit to operate a slaughter house within the City Limits and that said plant had not
yet come up to the required sanitary conditions.

A delegation of representatives from the Woodland Park Tract in support of a petition
recently filed with the City Clerk, then asked the board to consider a new zoning ordinance,
wherein all of the Woodland Park Tract together with that portion of the Old Ullom Ranch where now
is situated the People s Packing Plant be rezoned and the same be made a residential district.
After some discussion on the matter with those present representing the inhabitants of that dis-
trict, a motion was made by Commissioner Marble and seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, that the
City Attorney be instructed to proceed to draw up such a new zoning ordinance governing this
district and make same a residential district only. Vote on the same being Commissioners Down,
Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None.

The New City Meat Ordinance No. 219 was then read for the Second time and adopted by
the following Vote, Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye., Noes None

The question as to the advisability of collecting the balance due from Dr. R. W. Martin
still due on Fremont Street improvements was then discussed, and after going over the matter
a motion was made by Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner Down, that the City Attorney
be authorized to collect all unpaid balances still due on Fremont Street improvements, vote being
Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None

A new Member to fill the vacancy of Mrs. C. D. Breeze on the City Planning Board was
then gone into and after due consideration, Commissioner Marble suggested that the Mayor contact
the presidents of the various service clubs of the City with an idea of making a selection to
fill such vacancy. The matter was left in his hands to dispose of.

The next question to come before the board was in regards to the purchasing of certain
lots adjoining the proposed underpass of Clark Avenue with the Railroad crossing. After some dis-
cussion on the matter on motion by Commissioner Marble, Seconded by Commissioner Down the
following resolution was acted upon:

WHEREAS, it appearing to the Board that certain land, to-wit:

Situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, described as

follows:

Lots Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7) and Eight (8), in block Two (2), and

Lots Three (3), Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7), and Eight (8) in Block

Thirty - three (33) of Original Plat of Las Vegas Townsite, as shown by map there-
of on file in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1 of Plats,

Page 17,

is necessary for the use of the City to Construct City Barns and other municipal purposes and
uses, and

WHEREAS, the said land has been offered to the City by the other thereof, Golden
West Oil and Refining Company, for the sum of Three Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars,
and

WHEREAS, it appearing to the Board that the said price is a reasonable one and that
the said property should be purchased at such price for the use and benefit of the city,
now therefore

IT IS ORDERED that the said land be purchased for the use and benefit of the City
at said price, and

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the City's check in the sum of Three Thousand ($3,000.00)

Dollars be drawn to the Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company, to be paid by the said Pioneer

Title Insurance & Trust Company to Golden West Oil and Refining Company, upon delivery to the

City of a good and sufficient Grant, Bargain and Sale deed, together with title insurance

in the sum of Three Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars showing the said property to be vested in the

City of Las Vegas and to be free and clear of all encumbrances, except patent reservations,

and that the Mayor and City Clerk be, and they hereby are, directed to transmit the said check

to the said Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company with the annexed letter of instructions.

as follows:	

June 15th, 1936

Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company
Las "egas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

We hand you herewith the check of the City of Las Vegas in the Sum of Three
Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars.

You will please dispose of this sum as follows:

Golden West Oil and Refining Company, a corporation, has agreed to deliver to you
for the City's account a Grant, Bargain and Sale Deed conveying to the City of Las Vegas the
following described property:
Situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, Described
as follows:

Lots Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7), and Eight (8), in Block Two (2), and

Lots Three (3), Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7), and Eight (8), in Block
Thirty-three (33) of Original Plat of Las Vegas Townsite, as shown by map thereof on file
in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1 of Plats, Page 17.

The said Golden West Oil and Refining Company also agreed to cause to be executed
by your company title insurance in the sum of Three Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars showing a
good and clear title in the City of Las Vegas in and to the said property.

Upon the receipt of the said deed and title insurance in proper and due form, you
will please deliver to the said Golden West Oil and Refining Company the Sum of Three
Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars handed you herewith, deducting therefrom your costs and charges
incident to the said contract and title insurance.

Provided, however, it is expressly understood that should the said Golden West Oil
& Refining Company omit or fail to cause to be executed and delivered to you the said deed
and title insurance for the City s account, on or before noontime of the 25th, day of June
1936, then, and in such event, upon demand of the City only, you shall return the said Three
Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars to the City of Las Vegas,

BY AUTHORITY OF THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS:

L. L. Arnett Mayor,

Attest.

(City Seal)

Le Roy Whipple.

Deputy City Clerk

Vote upon the foregoing being as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None ( Commissioner Ward Being Absent.)

There being no further business before the Board at this time, the meeting then
adjourned until Friday the 26th, day of June 1936 at the hour of Seven o'clock P. M.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO—

Viola Burns, City Clerk
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby celled
to be held in the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners the City Clerk's office, in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, Tuesday the 23rd day of June, 1936 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the matter of operating a municipal air port and to confer with
officials of the Western Air Express and the Department of Air Commerce.

Dated this 23rd day of June, 1936.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO--

L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth

H.	P. Marble and M.E.Ward, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners of said City on
Tuesday the 23rd day of June, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to consider
and act upon the following matter:

1. To consider and act upon the matter of operating a municipal airport and to confer with
officials of the Western Air Express end the Department of Air Commerce in regard to the same

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due ser-
vice of the foregoing notice and represent that David Farnsworth, Commissioners of Finance is
present in the City of Las Vegas, on this date, but unable to attend this meeting.

L.L. Arnett	H.P. Marble,	Jas. H. Down	M.E.Ward

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY
NEVADA.

JUNE 23rd, 1936.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 23rd day of June, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward,

City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

This meeting being the time set for a conference with the Officials of the Western Air
express Company and Mr. Alvin Adams, President, and Leo Dwerlkotte, Sec-Treas, Walter Bond Field
Manager, and Robert Campbell of the Dept. of Air Commerce being present the Board of Commis-
sioners at once entered into a discussion with them in regard to the Western Air Express managing
the municipal air port for the City of Las Vegas and a tentative agreement was read to the
Board by Mr. Adams. No definite action was taken on the same, but it with its amendments end alter-
ation would be considered by the Board at a meeting to be held sometime in the very near future.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to
be held in the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's office, in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, Wednesday the 24th day of June, 1936, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and
act upon the following matters:

1.	To consider and act upon a Resolution authorizing the City to change an application to the
F.E.A. to Public Works from a loan and grant to an application for grant only. Said grant
to be used for construction of street, curb and gutter work.

2.	To consider and act upon a Resolution authorizing the City to change and application to the
F.E.A. to Public Works from a loan and grant to an application for grant only. Said grant

to be used for the securing of a municipal power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas.
Dated this 24th day of June, 1936.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down,

David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble and M.E.Ward, Commissioners
YON AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the said City on
Wednesday the 24th day of June, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and
act upon the following matters:

1. To consider and act upon a Resolution authorizing the City to change an application to

the F.E.A to Public Works from a loan and grant to an application for grant only. Said grant
to be used for construction of street, curb and gutter work.

2.	To consider and act upon a Resolution authorizing the City to change an application to the
F.E. A. to Public Works from a loan and grant to an application for grant only. Said grant
to be used for the securing of a municipal power plant end system for the city of Las Vegas.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice.

L.L.	Arnett	Jas. H. Down	David Farnsworth

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

M.E.Ward	H.P. Marble

Commissioner	Commissioner

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, VEGAS, NEVADA.

JUNE 24th, 1936

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
 the 24th ay of June, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

RESOLUTION

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to change the resolution heretofore made
authorizing the application to the United states of America through the Federal Emergency Admin-
istration of Public Works for a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction or pur-
chase and remodeling of a municipal power system and incidental facilities designed as Docket No.
Nevada 1029 to an application for grant only,

Whereas, heretofore and on the ninth day of September, 1935 the City of Las Vegas by resol-
ution authorized certain officers of te City to make application to the Federal Emergency Admin-
istration of Public Works for a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction or purchase
and remodeling of a municipal power system and

Whereas, it is deemed to be for the best interests of the City of Las Vegas that the said
application be changed to an application for a grant only, therefore

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that the said appli-
cation heretofore made to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan and
grant designated as Docket No. Nevada 1029-R, be and the same hereby is changed to an application
for a grant only, and that L.L. Arnett, Mayor is hereby authorized and directed to do all things
necessary to the end that the said application be changed to a grant only.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor L.L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Marble the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

RESOLUTION

A resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to change the resolution heretofore made auth-
orizing the application to the United States of America through the Federal Emergency Adminis-
tration of Public Works for a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction of street
paving and curbs and gutters in the City of Las Vegas designated as Docket No. Nevada 1021-R to
an application for grant only, and

Whereas, heretofore the City of Las Vegas by resolution authorized certain officers of the
City to make application to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan a d
grant to aid in financing the construction of street paving and curbs and gutters in the City of
Las Vegas, and

Whereas, it is deemed to be for the best interests of the City that the said application be
changed to an application for a grant only, therefore

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that the said application
 heretofore made to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan and grant
designated as Docket No. Nevada 1021-R, be and the same hereby is changed to an application for
grant only, and that L.L. Arnett, Mayor, is hereby authorized and directed to do all things nec-
essary to the end that the said application be changed to a grant only.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, voting
aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Farnsworth, absent.

No further business appearing before the meeting at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 26th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 26th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present were Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, City Attorney
and City Clerk.

The following letter from the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce was read to the Board.

Las Vegas, Nevada,

June 26th, 1936

To the Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

In accordance with the report made to your honorable body by our publicity committee
formal application is herewith made for the sum of $300.00, to be expended for general publicity
purposes.

Thank you and all good wishes.

Respectfully yours,

Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce
Oliver Goerman, Secretary.
There upon on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the sum of $300.00 be given the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce from the Pub-
licity Fund of the City of Las Vegas, to be used for general publicity purposes.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a retail beverage license to granted to Jacob Strauss for 24 Stewart Street. Application being in
proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Com-
missioner Ward not voting. Noes, none.

A petition from a number of bootblacks end barber shops in the City, reading as follows was
presented to the Board for consideration:

June 25, 1936

Honorable Mayor:

City Commissioners:

We the undersigned Boot Blacks and Barbers wish to apply to the City of Las Vegas for the exemption
of license for Boot Black stands in Barber Shops, because we are only selling our labor.

Your's Sincerely By

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the petition be placed on file.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor he Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.	

Commissioner Ward was excused before the vote was called.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a Tavern License be granted to H.E. Hazard, for 124 South 1st St. to be known as The Hafbrau
Bar.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

It was reported to the Board that the State of Nevada, through its Department of Highways, is
presently engaged in the construction of an underpass on Clark Avenue near Main Street in said City of
Las Vegas, the purpose of which is to eliminate the existing grade crossing and to establish a grade
separation on said Clark Avenue, near Main Street.

Whereas on motion of Commissioner Marble Seconded by Commissioner Down the following Preamble
and Resolution were surely adopted:

AND WHEREAS, Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company has entered into an agreement, or is
about to enter into an agreement with the said State of Nevada, through its Department of Highways
concerning the construction of said underpass,

AND WHEREAS, it is desirable that the said State of Nevada, through its Department of High-
ways, deal directly with the said Railroad Company in the acquirement of necessary easements and
rights of way for the construction of said underpass, and for the improvement of Clark Avenue,

AND WHEREAS, said Railroad Company has heretofore granted to the City of Las Vegas a certain
grant of Easement for right of way from Main Street to Clark Avenue and along Clark Avenue which
grant of easement is Dated December 18, 1933 and is recorded in Book 21 of Deeds page 113, Clark
County, Nevada, record,

AND WHEREAS, it will benefit the City to reconvey said easement and all of the City's right
title and interest in and to the parcel of land therein described to said Railroad Company
so that said Railroad Company may conveniently enter into said agreement with the State of Nevada,

AND WHEREAS, there has been presented to the Board a form of Reconveyance of said Easement,
which said Reconveyance was read over and considered, and it appearing to the Board that it will
be to the best interests of the	City	and the public that such reconveyance of easement	be	made,

it was therefore on motion duly	made	seconded and carried by the unanimous vote of	the	members

of the Board

RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas reconvey to Los Angeles end Salt Lake Railroad Company
all its right, title and interest, of, in and to the strip or parcel of land particularly described
in the Deed of Easement dated December 18, 1933, from Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company
to the City of Las Vegas, which Deed of Easement is recorded in Book 21 of Deed, Page 113, Clark
County, Nevada Records, in accordance with the terms of the form of reconveyance presented to
the Board,

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said reconveyance be executed on behalf of the City of Las
Vegas by the Mayor and attested	by the City Clerk under the seal of said City,

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that	said reconveyance, when executed be delivered	to the	High-

way Department of the State of Nevada, for delivery to said Railroad Company as and when said Rail-
road Company and the State of Nevada, through its Department of Highways, shall execute an
agreement for the construction of said underpass and the granting of the necessary easement there-
for, and for the improvement of Clark Avenue.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes, none. Absent Commissioner Ward.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 29th day of June, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 29th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 29th day of June, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Farnsworth,
and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ward.

Mr. Claude Mackey, Local Mgr. of the PWA met with the Board at this time in regard to
further improvements at the fish hatchery, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by
Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the Mayor L.L. Arnett write to Mr. Mackey
in substantially the following form.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 29th, 1936.

Mr. Claude Mackey,

Local Manager PWA
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mr. Mackey;

This has reference to the conversation with the Board of City Commissioners
yesterday, regarding the local fish hatchery being constructed by the Federal Government under
your supervision, and wherein you expressed apprehension as to the wisdom of pursuing such
construction further.

I have been directed by the Board of Commissioners to advise you that the Board has ex-
pressed the disposition to cooperate with you to the fullest extent possible to the end that at
least three units of this plant be completed.

You expressed the fear that the water supply hereafter to be and now being used to supply
the hatchery might, in the near future, be	diverted	to	the city's use for	municipal purposes.

It is true that this may become necessary,	but	this	is	to	assure you that	such is not the im- 

necessary plan, however, as we all know, the demand may be so great, in view of the limited
supply of water available at this source, that such steps may be necessary in the future. How-
ever, you are assured that the water developed by your department for the use of the fish hatch-
eries will be used as a last resort and only to meet extreme emergency. Other available sources
and supplies of water will of course, be drawn upon first.

We realize that the plant which you are constructing has many advantages.

To avoid probable misunderstanding it might be well for me to state that my conference
with Congressman Scrugham and Commissioner Bell had as its object the procurement for the com-
munity of an additional facility, which we	all	know	to	be	of such extreme	importance to this

area and which is know absolutely necessary to	develop	to	the fullest the	advantages of re-

creational possibilities of Boulder Lake. The local facility would contribute, of course, its
share, but we all know it to be entirely inadequate to fulfill the pressing needs.

Very respectfully,

L.L. Arnett, Mayor.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none, Absent Commissioner Down.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 30th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 30th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 30th day of June, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of all regular and recessed regular meetings from January 4th to March 4th,
1936 inclusive read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following Preamble
and Resolution were introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, this Board, on the fifteenth day of June, 1936, authorized and directed the pur-
chase by the City of the following described property:

Situate in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, described as follows:
Lots Four (4) Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7) and Sight (8) in Block Two (2) and

Lots Three (3), Four (4), Five (5), Six (6), Seven (7) and Eight (8) in Block
Thirty-three (33) of Original Plat of Las Vegas Townsite, as shown by map thereof
on file in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1 of
Plats, Page 17, and

WHEREAS, it appears that the clear title cannot be had at this time to Lots 4 and 5 of
Block 2 of Original Plat of Las Vegas Townsite, as shown by map thereof on file in the
office of the County Recorded of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1 of Plats, Page 17, and it
appearing to be for the best interests of the city that a different arrangement be made for
the purchase of the said property, and

WHEREAS, it appears to the Board that it is necessary to rescind that said Resolution and
order made on the 15th day of June, 1936, with respect to the purchase of said property, there-
fore, be it

RESOLVED: That that said resolution made and entered by the Board on the 15th day of June,
1936, with respect to the purchase of the said above described property be and the same is hereby
rescinded, and be it further

RESOLVED; That the purchase of said Lots 6,7, and 8 in Block 2 and Lots 3,4,5,6,7, and 8
in Block 33 of Original Plat, Las Vegas Townsite, as shown by map thereof in the office of the
County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1 of Plats, Page 17, be made immediately for
Two Thousand Five Hundred ($2,500.00) Dollars cash and that the remainder and residue of the
said property, to-wit: Lots 4 and 5 Block 2 be purchased if and when the Golden West Oil and
Refining Company can furnish a good and clear title and title insurance to the said property
and be it further

Resolved: that the Mayor and City Clerk be, and they hereby are, directed to execute and
deliver to the Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company the following letter of instruction.

Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

With regard to the instructions contained in our letter to you of June 15th, re-
garding the purchase of certain property owned by the Golden West Oil and Refining Company,
a corporation, you are hereby directed to disregard the instructions contained in that
letter and in lieu of those instructions you will be guilded by the following.

When you issue the City of Las Vegas title insurance in the sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred
($2,500.00) Dollars, showing a good and clear title to the City of Las Vegas, free and clear
of all encumbrances, save and except patent reservations, in and to Lots, 6,7,8 in Block 2,
and Lots 3.4.5.6.7. and 8 in Block 33 of Original Plat, Las Vegas Townsite, a shown by may
thereof in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1, of Plats
page 17, you will then deliver to Golden West Oil and Refining Company of the money you now hold
for the City the cum of Two Thousand Five Hundred ($2,500.00) Dollars, which is payment in full
for the said lots.

The remaining Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars you will pay to the said Golden West Oil and Re-
fining Company if and when you can execute to the city title insurance in the sum of Five
Hundred ($500.00) Dollars, showing title in the city free and clear of all encumbrances, save
and except patent reservations, in and to Lots 4 and 5, Block 8 of the Original Plat of Las
Vegas Townsite, as shown by map thereof in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County,
Nevada, in Book 1 of Plats, Page 17.

The golden West Oil and Refining Company, a corporation, agrees that it will immediately take
all steps necessary to furnish the city with a clear title and title insurance to Lots 4 and 5,
Block 2, of the Original Plat of Las Vegas Townsite, as shown by may thereof in the office of
the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, in Book 1, Plats, page 17. And it further agrees
that the said title will be furnished the city within a reasonable time, and that the expenses
of the said title and escrow will be borne by the Golden West Oil and Refining Company.

Provided, however, should you be unable within the months from the date hereof to furnish
us title insurance to Lots Four (4) and Five (5) in Block Two (2) aforesaid, as herein
provided, then and in such event, on demand of the City, you will return the said Five Hundred
Dollars ($500.00), so being held by you, to the City of Las Vegas.

It is understood and agreed that time is of the essence of this agreement.

Dated this 30th day of June, 1936.

BY AUTHORITY OF THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

Mayor.

Attest:

City Clerk

The foregoing instructions and understandings are assented to this 30th day of June, 1936.

GOLDEN WEST OIL AND REFINING COM ANY

BY________________________Its	President

BY________________________Its	Secretary.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent none.
On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried the the following be granted gambling licenses for the third quarter year. All
applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Las Vegas Club, C.F.Reid, Pache Club, J.H. Morgan, and Big Four Club.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.
Commissioners Ward and Marble being excused.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following slot
machine licenses for the third quarter year were granted:

Ralph Purdy 1, Cal Sagev Restaurant 2, Art Schreiber 10, Apache Bar 4, APache Cafe 2.

All applications being in proper form and money on	file with	the clerk to	cover same.

Vote was Commissioners Down and	Farnsworth and	His	Honor the	Mayor voting	aye.	Noes,	none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following be issued beverage licenses for the third quarter year, E.A.Francis
for the Sal Sagev Restaurant, Vera Magness and Babe Stevens.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the Mission Tavern be granted a	tavern license	for	the third	quarter year.	

Vote was Commissioners Down and	Farnsworth and	His	Honor the	Mayor voting	aye.	Noes,	none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourn-
ed.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 6th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las V gas held
on the 6th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward and City Attorney and Clerk.

Application of Fred Sifford for permission to operate gambling games at 17 Fremont Street
was read to the Board, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth
it was moved and carried that said J. Fred Sifford be granted a license for gambling games at 17
Fremont Street.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting eye.
noes, none.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.
Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the salary of the Chief of Police be raised from $225.00 per month to $250.00 per month
same to be effective at once.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner Ward voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the third quarter year be granted. Money to cover
the same being on file with the Clerk and applications being in proper form:

J.M. Sills 2 slot machine	Jack Weisberger 1 slot machine

Karl Hovey	5	Race Horse machine	State Cafe	2	"	"

Profession Drug	2	W.J. Lincon	1	"	"

Sam Stearns	3	Frank Kernan	3	"	"

R. Lowry	2	A.F.Smith Jr.	1	"	"

A.E. King Ellison 2	Sal Sagev Tavern Inc.4 slot machines

Venis Lancaster	1	Sam Stearns	1	"	"

J.R. Mc Michael	2	E.H. Elmer	1	"	"

P. Pansey	3	Peter Pansy	2	"	"

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the gaming licenses for the Northen Club and the Boulder Club Inc. be issued for
the third quarter year. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk
to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that a retail beverage license be granted to B. Johnson at 612 South Fifth St.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.
At this time the Board took under discussion the matter of the various member of the
Board attending the hearing before	the	State Supreme Court of the case of C.C. Ronnow	vs.

of Las Vegas. Said hearing to	be	held on the 20th day of July, 1936.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried the the Mayor and all members of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas attend the hearing of said case and that the expense of said trip should be paid by the
City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
commissioner Ward voting No. Absent none.

No further business appearing	before	the Board at this time the meeting recessed	and

adjourned until Wednesday the 15th	day	of	July, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 15th, 1936.



Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 15th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Answering roll call were Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that J.H. Morgan and W.C. Faulkner be granted retail beverage licenses for the third quarter
year.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following gaming license and slot machine licenses be granted for the third
quarter year.

J.T. Watters	4 slot machines	White Spot Cafe	8 Slot machines

Roscl	28	"	"	E.P.	Bihlmaier	14	"	"

White Cross Drug	2	"	"	E.D.Ciliax	2	"	"

Las Vegas Pharmacy	2	"	"	L.L.	Arnett	45	"	"

City Drug Store	3	"	"

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

All minutes of regular, recessed regular and special meetings from March 5th to May 13th
read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 24th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 24th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed	and adjourned meeting of the	Board of Commissioners	of	the	City	of

Las Vegas held on the	24th	day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and
Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

The Board entered into a discussion on the securing of a right of way on Clark Ave;
Westside the following Order was issued by the Board of City Commissioners:

It appearing to the Board that the State Highly Department in contemplating the con-
struction of an underpass under the Union Pacific Railroad on Clark Avenue in the City of Las
Vegas, and that there	appears to be some question as to	the title of certain land	necessary

for use as a right of	way,	which said land is described	as follows:

A Parcel or strip of land of varying width, which lies and is within a portion of Block

One of the original townsite of Las Vegas, situate in the NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 27,

T.20 S., R. 61 3., M.D.B. & M., being more fully described by metes and bounds, as

follows, to-wit:
Beginning at the southeast corner of said NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 27, T. 20S., R. 61 E.,
MD.B.& M., said corner described as being 1/16 corner sent in concrete and established
by the City of Las Vegas, and bearing north a distance of 29.59 feet from Engineer's
Station "L" 0-79.71 P.O.C., thence S.88 17' W. along the southernly boundary of said
NE¼ a distance of 280.86 feet to a point on the northerly right of way line of the present
Highway, then N. 62 06' W. along said right of way line a distance of 55.10 feet to a
point on the railroad right of way line, thence N. 27 54'30" E. along said railroad right
of way line a distance of 26.20 feet to a point on the proposed northerly 40 foot highway
right of way line, thence N. 88 17' E. along said right of way line a distance of 119.83
feet to a point, thence from a tangent whose bearing is the last described course curving
to the right along said right of way line with a radius of 540 feet through an angle of
21 19' 30" a distance of 200.98 feet to a point on the easterly boundary of said NE¼,
thence south along said easterly boundary a distance of 11.50 feet to the point of beginning.

And the City having heretofore expressed to said State Highway Department its disposition
to furnish said State Highway Department with a good and sufficient right of way, and the City
being desirous of cooperating with said State Highway Department to the fullest, and still
being desirous of cooperating with the State Highway Department to the extent of furnishing the
said State Highway Department with a good and sufficient right of way for such purposes,
it is therefore

ORDERED that the City commit itself at this time to do all, each and every thing now nec-
essary, or which may hereafter be necessary to secure, preserve and defend the title of the
said State Highway Department in and to the above described premises and right of way, and the
City further hereby commits itself to prosecute condemnation proceedings if necessary to secure
title to the above described property and also any and every other proceeding that may become
necessary to the end of obtaining or securing title to the said right of way for the benefit
of the State Highway Department.

The foregoing Order was introduced by Commissioner Down and seconded by Commissioner
Farnsworth, and the vote upon the adoption of the same was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,

Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Marble, absent.

The matter of securing a "shoofly" for the City of Las Vegas was next considered and
after due consideration the following Preamble and Resolution was introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, the State Highway Department is contemplating the construction of an under
pass under the Union Pacific Railroad System on Clark Avenue in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, it is necessary and convenient for said State Highway Department to use certain
of the City land adjacent to the said Union Pacific System to construct a shoofly incidental
to the construction of the said underpass, and have requested the use of the said land from
the City, be it, therefore,

RESOLVED, that in order to facilitate the construction of the said underpass and in co-
operation with the State Highway Department that the City enter into an agreement with the
State Highway Department granting the said State Highway Department a temporary easement upon
the said land, a copy of which contract, without signatures, is hereunto annexed and

The Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized, empowered and directed to execute, on be-
half of the City, the said hereunto annexed contract.

The foregoing Preambles and Resolution were introduced by Commissioner Down and seconded
by Commissioner Farnsworth.

The vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none. Commissioner Marble absent.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
D.G. Lorenzi and Ray Mann be issued retail beverage licenses for the third quarter year and
that Ray Murphy be issued three slot machine licenses for the same period of time. All appli-
cations being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

All minutes of regular recessed regular and special meeting of the Board held from May
20 to June 8th, 1936 read and approved as read.

An application from the First State Bank of the City of Las Vegas for permission to place
a fuel Oil storage tank under the side walk on the Westside of said bank building was presented
to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Down the following Permit
was issued:

BE IT RESOLVED that a Permit is hereby issued to the First State Bank of the City of Las
Vegas for permission for installation of a fuel oil tank under the side walk approximately
ninety (90) feet from the northeast corner of First and Fremont Street on North First Street,
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this permit is granted suggest to the approval of C.D. Baker
City Engineer and H. Case Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Department, provided it does not violate
any codes or laws of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 28th day of July at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.
CALL OF SPECIAL NESTING

TO-- Viola Burns, City Clerk,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's office, in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 27th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. to consider
and act upon the following matters;

1. To met with the officials of the Western Air Express Corporation in regard to an agreement
for the management of the City's Municipal Airport.

Dated this 27th day of July, 1936.

L.L. Arnett, Mayor.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth,

H.P. Marble and M.E.Ward, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE : That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas will be held in the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's office in the
City Monday the 27th day of July, 1936 to consider and act upon the following matter:

1. To meet with the officials of the Western Air Express Corporation in regard to an agree-
ment for the management of the City's Municipal Airport.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice and represent that H.P. Marble, Commissioner of the said City
is absent from the City and State on this date and his whereabouts are not easily ascer-
tainable.

L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down	David Farnsworth	M.E.Ward

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner	Commissioner

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 27th day of July, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

This meeting being called for the purpose of discussing and entering into an agreement
with the Western Air Express Corp. for the operation of the City's Municipal Airport if
satisfactory terms could be decided upon the Board at once entered into a detailed examin-
ation of a proposed agreement.

Leo Dwerlkotte Sec'y. Treasurer of the Western Air Express Corp. and his attorney Leo
McNamee representing the said company appeared before the Board.

No definite action was to the entering into the agreement or lease was reached at this
time, but Mr. Dwerlkotte was to present to the Board of Directors of the Western Air Express
Corp. for their consideration the various proposed changes in the agreement and report to the
Board of City Commissioners sometime in the near further.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas us hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Tuesday the 28th
day of July, 1936 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the
following:

1. To meet with the officials of the Western Air Express Corporation in regard to an agreement
for the management of the City's Municipal Airport.

Dated this 28th day of July, 1936.

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.
NOTICE OF SERVICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth
H.P. Marble and M.E.Ward, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will
be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Tuesday the 28th day of
July, 1936, at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following:

1. To meet with the officials of the Western Air Express Corporation in regard to an agreement for
the management of the City's municipal Airport.

You will govern yourself accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit sure service of
the foregoing notice and represent that H P. Marble Commissioner of Streets is absent from the
City and State on this date and his whereabouts are not easily ascertainable.

L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down	David Farnsworth	M.E.Ward

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner *	Commissioner

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 28th day of July, 1936 at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down and Ward and City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble.

Mr. Dwerlkotte and Mr. Mc Namee representing the Western Air Express Corporation appeared
before the Board in regard to escrow agreements for the leasing of the City's Municipal Airport.

The meeting convened from 10 to 12 o'clock A.M. and reconvened from 1:30 to 3:30 P.M. and
no decision being reach the meeting adjourned with Mr. Dwerlkotte returning to Los Angeles to
appear before the Board of Directors of the Western Air Express Corp. to inform them that the
City would not agree to the last clause in the escrow agreement, the time or life of the escrow.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 28th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 28th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that Mrs.

C D.Breeze to appointed to succeed herself on the City Planning Commission. Her term of office to
expire May 25th, 1940.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and Hie Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of all regular, recessed regular and special meetings of the Board of Commissioners
held from May 20th, 1936 to June 24th, 1936 Inclusive were read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

AUGUST 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
county Nevada, held on the 4th day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,

Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Mr. August Berning of the State Highway Department appeared before the Board in regard to
the rescinding of a Resolution previously passed in regard to a shoofly over the proposed under-
pass crossing on Clark Avenue, and of the enacting of a Resolution taking the place of the
rescinded Resolution.

After some discussion on the matter the following Preambles and Resolution were adopted:

WHEREAS, the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada is contemplating the constru-
ction of an underpass under the Union Pacific Railroad System on Clark Avenue in the City of
Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, it is necessary and convenient for the said State Highway Department to use cer-
tain of the City land adjacent to the said Union Pacific System to construct a shoofly incidental
to the construction of the said underpass, and have requested the use of the said land from the
City; and

WHEREAS, on the 15th day of July, 1936, to the end of facilitating the construction of
the said shoofly , a resolution was adopted directing the mayor and the city clerk to enter
into an agreement with the State Highway Department granting the said department an easement
over certain lands, and

WHEREAS, it appears that certain conditions in the said contract are impossible of per-
formance by the said State Highway Department and the said State Highway Department having
requested a substitute agreement in that behalf, and the city being desirous of entering into
the said substitute agreement, be it therefore

RESOLVED: That the said resolution heretofore entered into on the 15th day of July, 1936,
upon the before mentioned subject, together with the contract entered into under the authority
of the said resolution, be and the same hereby are revoked and rescinded, and be it further
ordered that in order to facilitate the construction of the said underpass and in cooperation
with the State Highway Department that the City enter into an agreement with the State Highway
Department granting the said State Highway Department a temporary easement upon the said land,
a copy of which contract, is hereunto annexed, and

That Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized empowered and directed to execute, on behalf
of the City the said hereunto annexed contract.

Dated this fourth day of August, 1936.

The foregoing Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Marble and seconded by Commissioner

Down.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Absent, none.

All unread minutes or regular, recessed regular and special meetings read and approved as

read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
 until Friday the 7th day of August, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

August 7th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, Deputy City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Taylor.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of August read and approved as read.
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
one slot machine license be granted to L.L. Arnett. Application for same being on file with the
clerk and the required amount of money accompanying said application.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
Harry Shade be granted a taxi license for the operation of one cab.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Friday the 14th day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 14th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
-egas held on Friday the 14th day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on Friday
the 7th day	of August, 1936 at the hour seven o'clock P.M.	read and	approved as read.

The matter of the paying of a	claim of $6,744.74	to	the State Highway Department	of

of the State of Nevada was considered and the letter of recommendation of the City Attorney
was read to the Board. The City Attorney stated in his letter that he did not believe that said
claim was a claim that could legally be paid by the City.

Thereupon on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was
moved and carried that the Clerk be directed the State Highway Department and report the
findings of	the	City Attorney and a	copy of his letter	the	Mayor.

Vote	was	Commissioners Down,	Farnsworth, Marble	and	Ward and	His Honor the Mayor	voting

aye. Noes, none.

Dr. W.R.Smith appeared before the Board in regard to a fixed salary of the Meat Inspect-
or for the City of Las Vegas. He was requested to work with the Meat Inspection and Milk In-
spection Boards and ascertain of some plan might be worked out which would be effective.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 21st, day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
AUGUST 21st, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held Friday the 21st day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and
Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held August 21st, 1936 read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that Geo. Earlywine be granted a retail beverage license for 113 No. 5th St. and that Jack
Weisberger be granted one 5¢ slot machine license for the same address. All application being
in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.
The renewal of the lease had with the Los Angeles and Salt Lake R.R. for lease of ground
to be used as a City Stockade came before the Board for consideration at this time, and the
following Preamble and Resolution was introduce and passed:

That certain lease agreement, entered into between the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad
Company, a corporation, and the City of Las Vegas Nevada, a municipal corporation, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, on the first day of October, 1931, covering the lease of premises in
in Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to be used for a prison detention yard, said lease being
Railroad Company's Audit No. 8448, will expire September, 30, 1936, and it appearing that it
will be fore the best interest of said City that said lease agreement be renewed for a further
period of five years from the expiration thereof; It Is Therefore

RESOLVED, by the unanimous vote of all members present that said Lease Agreement be renewed
for a further period of five years, from September 30, 1936 and that the Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, and the City Clerk, be and they are hereby authorized and directed to execute on behalf
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, an Agreement extending the term of said lease agreement for a
further period of five years, from September 30, 1936 and to deliver the same to said Railroad
company as the act and deed of the City.

The above resolution was introduced by Commissioner Down and Seconded by Commissioner Farns-
worth and vote on the same was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The next matter of business to be brought before the Board was the adopting of an amended
Budget for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1936, and upon motion of Commissioner Farnsworth
seconded by Commissioner Down a budget for the year 1936 was adopted in substantially the follow-
ing form:

CITY BUDGETS

AMENDED BUDGET OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1936.

Information Required:

Assessed Valuation—	Actual	Estimated

1935	1936.

Real Estate and Improvements	$4221,636.00	$4,200.000.00

Personal Property (County tax roll

plus Assessor's collections)	414,387.00	300,000.00

Net Proceeds of mines	_______________ ________________________

Total Taxable property	4,636,025.00	4,500,000.00

Actual Tax rate 1935	1.50

Total City Tax levied, 1936	1.40

A.	Unencumbered balance in City Treasury	January 1, 1936	65,579.70

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied,	estimated	44,555.90

C.	Nontax revenues in 1936	94,546.70

D.	Expenditures 1936, estimated	177,046.80

E.	Nontax revenues 1937, estimated	60,000.00

Expenditures 1937, estimated	150,635.50

Explanation:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total balance less warrants outstanding on January 1.
Exclude all special funds.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied in the previous year
and uncollected, and collections from taxes now delinquent.

C.	See	Schedule	No.	1,	Col.	2

D.	See	Schedule	No.	2,	Col.	2.

E.	See	Schedule	No.	1,	Col.	3.

F.	See	Schedule	No.	2,	Col.	3.

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2
CITY EXPENDITURES

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1935	1936	1937

Administrative Salaries	8,536.00	8,900.00

Administrative expenses	7,052.60	2,250.00

Police Salaries	22,450.48	23,100.00

Police department expenses	6,798.41	3,000.00

Fire department salaries	1,800.00	600.00

Fire department expenses	8,726.48	1,980.00

Street department salaries	18,987.27	18,660.00

Street department expenses	12,062.44	3,000.00

City Parks	1,932.53	4,310.00

Legal expenses	4,433.55	4,900.00

Electric light and power	11,899.31	17,280.00

Health & sanitation	11,858.58	11,880.00

Sewage disposal	4,243.83	4,120.00

Insurance, fire	686.42	700.00

Insurance industrial	1,546.22	1,600.00

Bond redemption	25,827.28	25,827.28

Bond interest	15,570.54	14,039.52

Cemetery	3,039.71	2,500.00

Library	1,922.19	1,400.00

SCHEDULE NUMBER 1
REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

General Fund	Actual	Estimated     Estimated

1935	1936	1937

Licenses	$67,280.40	$60,500.00

Fines and Fees	4,129.43	3,500.00

Permits	1,530.40	1,500.00

Poll Tax	11,561.00	6,500.00

Sales and rentals	2,551.35	1,500.00

Garbage Disposal	5,619.85	5,000.00

Special Street improvements	18,821.35	16,046.70

Beer Excise Tax	2,486.54	00

Total	$113,980.32	$94,546.70	60,000.00
Actual	Estimated     Estimated

1935	1936	1937.

General Fund	--	22,000.00

Sewer Laterals	$3,257.23

Publicity	627.11	--

Airport	______5.151.95____ 5.000.00	____________

Total	$178,410.13	$177,046.80	$150.635

SCHEDULE No. 2A

Bonded Indebtedness of City Las Vegas.

Annual Requirements 1936

Name of Bond	Date of issue	Int. Rate Amount of issue Red. Inst. Total. outstanding

60.00	12/31/35

L.V. Highway Bonds	July 1924	6%	50,000.00	2000.00 168000	3740.00	28,000.00

1928 Pavement & Curb Improv.	A. July 1928	5%	12.000.00	1000.00	225.00	1225.00	5.000.00

1930 "	"	"	"	A Jan 1930	6%	18,000.00	1000.00	707.50	1707.50	12000.00

1930 "	"	"	"	B Jan 1930	4¾%	10,000.00	1000.00	227.50	1227.50	4000.00

L.V. Serage Bonds 1931	Dec. 1931	6%	___154.00.00	8000.00 7920.00 15920.00 136000.00

13000.00 10820.00 23820.00 185000.0

Bonded Indebtedness of Assessed Property Las Vegas.

1928 Pavement & Curb Imp.	Jan	1929	6½%	43,778.80	4377.88	853.68	5231.56	13133.64

1930 P and C Series C	May	1930	7%	49,595.10	4959.51	1388.68	6348.19	19838.04

1930 P and C Series D	May	1930	7%	34,898.90	3489.89	977.16	4467.05	12959.56

12827.28	3219.52 16046.80 46931.24

25827.28	14039.52 39866.80 231931.24

BUDGET FORMULA

Receipts	Expenditures

A.	Unencumbered balance January 1, 1936	$65,579.70

B.	Revenue from taxes already levied	44,555.90

C.	Nontax	revenues 1939	94,546.70

D.	Expenditures 1936	$177,046.80

E.	Nontax	revenues 1937	60,000.00

F.	Expenditures 1937	150,635.50

G.	Balance, taxes to be levies	63,000.00	____________________

Total (Receipts	equal	expenditures)	 				             $327,682.30		  	$327,682.30

H.	Divide	G. by assessed	valuation	to	find	tax rate	1.40

We hereby approve the above budget of the city of Las Vegas for the year 1936.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor.

Jas. H. Down

Councilman
David Farnsworth

Councilman

M.E.Ward

Councilman
H.P. Marble

Councilman

Attest:

Viola Burns
City Clerk

Dated Aug. 21, 1936.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Friday the 28th day of August at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 28, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held Friday August 28th, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward - City
Attorney Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy City Clerk Le Hoy Whipple

Absent Mayor L. L. Arnett and Commissioner H. P. Marble:

Commissioner Jas H. Down acted as Mayor Pro Tem and presided over the meeting in the
absence of the Mayor.

A request for a transfer of the gaming license covering 'A Race Horse Book' issued to
The Northern Club during the third calendar quarter, from 17 Fremont Street to 15 Fremont St,
was asked for by the licensee, after some discussion it was decided to hold up such grant until
the City Attorney could make further investigations concerning such a transfer.

At this time a report from City Health Physician Dr. F. R. Mildren was read before the
commission. The report covering conditions in and around the Las Vegas Packing Co, advised
that parts of the plant was still in a bad condition and needed cleaning up. The report was
ordered filed.
There being no further business appearing before the board at this time, the meeting re-
cessed and adjourned until the regular meeting of the board on September 4th, 1936 at the hour
of seven o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of September, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register," on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting held August 21st, read and approved as read.

The transferring of a license issued to the Norther Club at 17 Fremont for the operation of
a "race Horse Book" was brought before the Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the license heretofore
issued to the Northern Club for the operation of a "race horse book" at 17 Fremont Street be
transferred to 15 Fremont Street same to be as before under the operation of the Norther Club.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Commissioner Ward being excused before the motion was introduced.

R.J. Fyhen, Vice president of the Nevada Federation of Labor appeared before the Board in
regard to the repealing of the picketing ordinance effective in the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter received from the State Federation of Labor asking that
said ordinance be repealed, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down
it was moved and carried that the letter be referred to the City Attorney for investigation and
for report on the same to be had at an early date.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the purchasing from the Las Vegas Horseman's
Association materials used at the City race track. After some discussion on the matter on motion
of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried That Commission-
er Marble negotiate with the Horseman's Ass'n. for the purchase of the above mention materials and
report his findings to the Board at the next recessed meeting.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

The business of a member of the Board of Commissioners attending a convention of the Four
States Highway meeting in Whitefish, Montana the 10th day of September, 1936 was next considered.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that Mayor Arnett represent the City at the convention and if he was unable to attend that
he appoint a member of the Commission to act in his stead. Expense of said trip to be paid by the
City.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Wednesday the 10th day of September, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 9th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 9th day of September, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, Depty City Attorney Ham and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Taylor.

Minutes of a recessed meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 28th day of August,
1936 read and approved as read.
E.C.Waterman, of Oakland California appeared before the Board in regard to the leasing of the
ground purchased by the City to be used as a municipal airport. Mr. Waterman stated to the Board
that he would present in writing to the Board for its consideration his plans for the operation of
an airport. He stated that the port would be open for use by any air craft that might desire the
use of the field, and that student training field would be maintained there.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 16th day of September, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 16th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of September, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem Down, Commissioners Marble and Ward,
and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Mayor Arnett, Commissioner Farnsworth and City Attorney Taylor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the letter received from The "Eureka Fire Hose Co." be referred to the Fire Chief Case for
explanation and recommendation.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Waterman appeared before the Board and presented for its consideration his proposal
for the leasing of the airport. No action was taken but Mr. Waterman was assured that the
Board would consider his proposal at such a time when all members of said Board were present.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
a letter from the Associated Oil Company asking permission for the use of a small portion of
South Main Street for the erection of gas pumps be referred to C.D.Baker for investigation, and
report at the next meeting of the Board of Commissioners.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
M.L. Dougan be given permission to move into the City of Las Vegas a small house to be situated
on a lot on the NW corner of 9th & Bridger Streets, amd that C.D.Baker City Building Inspector
grant the necessary permits and make the necessary inspections.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 28th day of September at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 28th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 28th day of September, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem Down, Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mayor Arnett, absent.

The Board at this time discussed the business of enforcing Section 23 of Ordinance No. 36
whereby all persons having property abutting on a sewer main or lateral must connect on to said
sewer.

The Clerk was directed to have some publicity give this matter before The Board of Com-
missioners should issue an order forcing said property owner to connect to sewers.

The City Attorney brought to the attention of the Board the fact that the Assay Office
located at the corner of 6th & Clark Streets in the City of Las Vegas, and the herd of cattle
of the Oppedyk Dairy on North Main Street were proving very unsanitary and numerous complaints
had been received in regard to both locations.

Mr. Taylor City Attorney was directed to write the operator of the Assay office and in-
form him that no license for the operation of same would be issued in the future. That said
office must be located in the commercial district.
Mr. Bell and Mr. Fellows appeared before the Board in regard to chicken yards in their
residential district as being unsightly, and unsanitary and creating bad odors and ask that
steps be taken to have same removed or cleaned up.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write Dr. Mildren City Health officer and ask that he investigate the reports of the
Oppedyk Dairy and the poultry yards and report his findings to the Board of Commissioners.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down, voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Underhill and Mr. Edwards appeared before the Board with the report of the sale of soda
water at the ball games held through the summer months, and presented the Board with a check of
$32.50 as the City's share in the sale of said soda water.

ON motion of Commissioner Marble seconded By Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the report and the check be accepted.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, and Marble and Mayor Pro Tem Down, voting aye. Commissioner
Ward voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried thar
Paul Warner be granted a retail tavern liquor license for 124 1st St. for the fourth quarter
year.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes,

none

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that a retail sealed package liquor license be granted to Jake Ensley at 220 No. 1st St.
for the fourth quarter year.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following gaming
licenses for the fourth quarter year were granted. All applications being in proper form and money
on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Boulder Club Inc. 118 Fremont St.

Las Vegas Club 23 Fremont St.

	Apache Casino	126 Fremont St.

Sal Sagev Tavern Inc. 1 Fremont St. 4 slot Machine licenses.

Vote was Commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes,

none.

Two bids received for fire hose were filed with the Clerk for recommendation and report
of Fire Chief Case.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 5th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of October, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, and Marble, Deputy
City Attorney Ham and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Farnsworth and Ward and City Attorney Taylor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Venis Lancaster appeared before the Board in regard to securing a "tavern liquor license"
for the Bank Tavern at 109 No. 1st St. The application being on file with the the Clerk and the
sum of $250.00 accompanying said application.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commis-
sioner Down it was moved and carried that the license be granted.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Commissioners Farnsworth and Ward arriving before the vote was called.

A letter from David Mackey, Chief of the Las Vegas Police Dept. asking that the retail
beverage license heretofore granted to Leonora Aguirre for 126 So. 1st Street be revoked on the
grounds that the operation of said business was creating a nuisance was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that said license be revoked as same had been requested by the Chief of Police.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 6th day of October at the hour of two o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 6th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 6th day of October, 1936 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, Deputy
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth, and City Attorney Taylor.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the Travelers Auto Court, a corporation, be granted permission to erect a sign at the corner of
11th and Fremont Streets, advertising the said court. This permit is granted with the under-
standing that same may be revoked at any time when in the discretion of the Board it may deem
it advisable to do so.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
Earl Noon be granted a retail tavern liquor license for 219 No. 1st Street and Pilar Santa Cruz
be granted a retail tavern liquor license for 209 No. 1st Street. Both applications being in proper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Nr. Kelley of the Nevada Meat and Provision Company appeared before the Board in regard to the
fees for slaughtering animals at the company's plant. Mr. Kelley was given until Monday the 12th
day of October to prepare and present same to the Board for its consideration.

On Motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
Frank Kernan be granted a retail sealed package liquor license for 303 No. Main Street.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a wholesale liquor license be granted to the Acme Distributing Company. Application being in proper
form and money to cover same on file with the Clark. (The Acme Distributing Company had held a
wholesale beverage license for a number of months.)

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

0 motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following be granted gaming licenses for the fourth quarter year. Applications being in proper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same:

Northern Club,

Bank Club

C.F.Reid

J.H. Morgan.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down all slot machine applications
for licenses presented to the Board at this time were granted. All applications being in proper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His	Honor	the	Mayor voting aye.	Noes, none.

The Clerk at this time read to the Board a letter from W.B. Mundy, Ex-officio City Treasurer
and F.C.DeVinney, Ex-officio City Assessor asking that their respective salaries be increased the
sum of $25.00 per month, giving them back just half of the cut in salary they had in January 1933.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the salaries of the said Treasurer and Assessor be increased the	sum	of $25.00 per	month. Same	to

be effective for the month of October, 1936. Said salaries	to be	the	sum of $75.00	per	month.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Tuesday the 13th day of October, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 13th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of October, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Farnsworth and Ward, City Clerk and Attorney.

Harold Case Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Department appeared before the Board in regard to
the securing of 1000 feet of hose for the Fire Department.	

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commis-
sioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the City of Las Vegas purchase 1000 feet of
fire hose from the Eureka Fire Hose Company as same was the quality that the Fire Department
had been using having proved most satisfactory and being highly recommend by the Fire Chief.

Same to paid cash on delivery.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble end Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes, none.
Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

A letter from the Building Trades Council was read to the Board. This letter and a Resol-
ution requested the Board of Commissioners to take immediate action against the moving of houses
from Boulder City into the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the letter and Resolution be handed to the City Attorney and City Engineer for investigation and
report.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the City Engineer be instructed to issued permits for the moving in and locating of five houses
from Boulder City. The said five houses to be owned and improved by the following owners:

Glenn Purdy, W.C.Whitehead, Lola G. Allen,

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that John Cotter and P. Huston be granted retail beverage licenses for the fourth quarter year.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Op motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward that all slot machine license
applications on file with the Clerk be granted at this time.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the City proceed with all possible speed in the preparations for the improving of the City Streets
under the W.P.A. administration, and that the City Attorney and City Engineer prepare and present
to the Board for its consideration all necessary preliminary plans, notices, estimates and specifications
.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 20th day of October, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

A. quorum not appearing on the night of October 20th no meeting was held.



OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 4th, 1936

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Don, Farnsworth, Mar-
ble and Ward, City Clerk and City Attorney.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.
Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion of the offer of the United States of
America to aid by way of grant in financing the construction of street improvements, and the
following resolution to be known as Resolution I, of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas was proposed by Commissioner Marble:

RESOLUTION I____

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

Section 1. hat the offer of the United States of America to the City of Lag Vegas to
aid by way of grant in financing the construction of street improvements, a copy of which
offer reads as follows:

P.W. 59321-152

FEDERAL EMERGENCY ADMINISTRATION
OF PUBLIC WORKS

Washington, D.C.

Dated Oct. 23, 1936

	Docket No. Nev. 1021-D

City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Subject to the Terms and Conditions (PWA Form No. 210, July 1, 1936) which
are made a part hereof, the United States of America hereby offers to aid in the financ-
ing the construction of street improvements (herein called the "Project") by making a
grant to the City of Las Vegas in the amount of 45 percent of the cost of the Project
upon completion, as determined by Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works, but
not to exceed in any event, the sum of $34.364.
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Federal Emergency Administrator of
Public Works

By (sgd) E.W. Clark_______________________

For the Assistant Administrator

be and the same is hereby in all respects accepted.

Section 2. That this acceptance of the said offer by the United States of America to the City
of Las Vegas shall be effective when a copy of this resolution, duly certified by the City
Clerk, shall have been received by the Federal Emergency Administrator of Public Works.

Section 3. That this Board of City Commissioners agrees to abide by all the Terms and con-
ditions ( PWA From No. 210, July, 1936) relating to such grant, a copy of which terms and
conditions was annexed to the Government's offer to the City of Las Vegas and made a part
thereof.

Section 4. That it is hereby covenanted that the work on the project described in the offer
will be commenced as early as possible but in no event later than January 11, 1937; that the
work will be planned so that it will reach a substantial peak before April, 11, 1937; and that
the project will be completed by January 11, 1938.

Section 5. That the City Clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed forthwith to
send to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works three certified copies of this Res-
olution and three certified copies of the proceedings of this Board of City Commissioners
in connection with the adoption of this resolution, and such and further documents or proofs
in connection with the acceptance of said offer as may be requested by the Federal Emergency
Administration of Public Works.

The above resolution was seconded by Commissioner Down and adopted, with the following named
Commissioners voting "Aye"; L.L. Arnett, James. H. Down, David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble and
Ward; and the following named Commissioners voting "Nay": none.

The Mayor thereupon declared said resolution carried and the Mayor and the City Clerk there-
upon signed said resolution an approval thereof.

Mr. Peters and Mr. Mackey appeared before the Board in regard to the installation of the heating
system in the War Memorial Building. They were informed that they would receive the cooperat-
ion of the Board in this matter.

The Board having had under consideration the advisability of causing to be made certain street
improvements within the City of Las Vegas comprising oil bound gravel and concrete curbs and
gutters, and having decided that it is necessary to defray a major portion of the expense by
special assessment against the property in said district, it is therefore

ORDERED that C.D. Baker, the City Engineer, prepare and file with the City Clerk estimates
of the expense thereof to be made and also plats and diagrams of such proposed improvements and
of the work and of the locality to be improved.

The property to be effected by the said improvements and the location thereof is as follows:

All of Sixth Street from Linden Avenue to and including its southern most end; all of Seventh
Street from its north end where it intersects with the Union Pacific Railroad grounds, south
to and including Garces Street; all of Eighth Street from Mesquite Avenue to and including
Clark Street; all of Ninth Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street; all of Tenth Street
from Ogen to Fremont Street; all of Eleventh Street from Ogden to Fremont Street; all of Linden
Avenue from Sixth Street to Seventh Street; all of Mesquite Avenue from Fifth Street to Eighth
Street; all of Stewart Avenue from Fifth Street to Ninth Street; all of Ogden Street from the
alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets to Ninth Street; all of Carson Street from Fifth Street
to Eighth Street; All of Bridger Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Lewis Street
from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; All of Clark Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street;
all of Bonneville Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of Garces Street from Fifth
Street to Seventh Street: all of Charleston Boulevard from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all
of Division Street from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; all of Fifth Place.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the
City Clerk cause a notice of the special assessment to be published and posted as is required
by law in the following form.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT____________

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas purposes
to cause to be made certain street improvements comprising oil bound gravel street surface
and concrete curbs and gutters; that the expense of such improvements will be defrayed as follows:
45% will be grant by the Federal Government and the remaining 55% will be defrayed by special
assessment upon the said property according to benefits and improvements made thereon.

That it is proposed to make said improvements upon the following described property, to-wit:

All of Sixth Street from Linden Avenue to and including its southern most end; all of Seventh
Street from its north end where it intersects with the Union Pacific Railroad grounds, south
to and including Garces Street; all of Eighth Street from Mesquite Avenue to and including Clark
Street; all of Ninth Street from Stewart Street to Fremont Street; all of Tenth Street from
Ogden to Fremont Street; all of Eleventh Street from Ogden to Fremont Street; all of Linden Avenue
 from Sixth Street to Seventh Street; all of Mesquite Avenue from Fifth Street to Eighth
Street; all of Stewart Avenue from Fifth Street to Ninth Street; all of Ogden Street from the
alley between Fifth and Sixth Street to Ninth Street; all of Carson Street from Fifth Street
to Eighth Street; all of Bridger Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; All of Lewis Street
from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of Clark Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street;
all of Bonneville Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; All of Garces Street from Fifth
Street to Seventh Street; All of Charleston Boulevard from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all
of Division Street from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; all of Fifth Place.
All estimates of expense, plats and diagrams of the said work and of the locality to be improved
are on file with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for public examination.

NOTICE IS FURTHER GIVEN: That the Board will meet on the 23rd day of November, 1936, at the hour
of 7 o'clock P.M. of said day in the City of Las Vegas to consider any suggestions or objections
that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements and assessments.

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS
BY VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commis-
sioner Ward being excused before the vote was called. Noes, none.

Said above mentioned notice to be published November 6th, 13th and 20th in the Las Vegas Age,
a weekly newspaper published in Las Vegas, Nevada.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from Joe Levine asking the Board to "Siwash"
his wife, Florence Levine. This act would be in accordance with Ordinance No. 203 of the City
of Las Vegas, governing the sale of liquor.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the
City Clerk inform, in writing every holder of a beverage or liquor license in the City of Las
Vegas that no liquor or beverage of any kind was to be sold to Florence Levine.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none,

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following slot machines licenses
for the 4th quarter year were granted:

L.L. Arnett	3,	Ray	Murphy	3

Read Drug Co.	3,	J.T.	Watters	4

	E.P. Bihlmaier	15,	E.D.Ciliax 2

Art Schreiber	2.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that A.L.
Worswick be appointed deputy building inspector on the Elk's Bldg. now under construction. This
appointment being in accordance with the Building Code and Ordinance in effect in the City of Las
Vegas. Mr. Worswick to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing a bond in the
Clerk's office in the sum of $1,000.00. Salary of said Inspecter to be paid by the Elk's Lodge,
but the City to pay premium on said bond.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioners Down it was moved and carried that
the Clerk be instructed to give special publicity to the newspapers in regard to an informal meeting
to be held in the District Court Room Monday the 16th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven
o'clock P.M. Said meeting to be held for the purpose of discussing the zoning of the City North
of Bridger Street and East of Fifth Street. Meetings to be held later on other districts.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner
Farnsworth being excused before the vote was called.

No further business appearing before the meeting at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Friday the 6th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 6th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 6th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, and Marble, absent
Commissioners Ward and Farnsworth. Present City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
one crap table license be granted to Robert Pansey for 123 South 1st St. at the Exchange Club.
Application being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the Mayor sign a contract with the Standard Oil Co. for the supplying of "Flamo" oil to the
Fire Hall in the City of Las Vegas. The installation of said "Flamo" tank being in accordance with
all City rules governing the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, and Marble and His Honor the	Mayor voting aye.	Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner	Down it was moved	and carried	that

the license money heretofore received from Frank C. Kernan, for the conducting of a sealed package
liquor	license for 303 No. Main Street be returned to said Frank	C. Kerenan, as the license had

not been used . Mr. Kernan after securing same considered it for	the best interest	of the City	and

his other business that such business not be transacted at the above address.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Minutes of meetings of Sept 9th, 16th and 28th read and approved as read.

Minutes of meetings of October 5th, 6th and 13th read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 9th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 9th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 9th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down and Marble, City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Farnsworth and Ward.

Marble

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
permission to moved a house to 13th and Carson Street from Boulder City be granted to Chas. Sloan
and that permit for same be issued by the Building Inspector, and that said house when completed
would comply with the City Building Ordinances.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

James Farndale appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the City prohibiting the
moving of houses into the City from Boulder City. No action was taken on this matter at this time.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board the resignations of David Farnsworth, Finance Com-
missioner and M.E.Ward Commissioner. These Commissioners ask that their resignations be effective
at once as they had recently been elected to the offices of Clark County Auditor and Sheriff
respectively.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the resignations of David Farnsworth and M.E.Ward be accepted as of this date, November 9th,

1936.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to L.L. Arnett.

Vote was Commissioner Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the office of Deputy Building and Plumbing Inspector be created as an emergency measure.

Same to take effect immediately and continuing until the end of the present calendar year, unless
sooner terminated by the vote of the Board of City Commissioners. Salary of said office to be
$150.00 per month.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that W.J. Rhodes be appointed emergency Building and Plumbing Inspector. To take office immed-
iately and to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing in the office of the
Clerk a bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No Further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Tuesday the 1 0th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 10th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett Commissioners Down and Marble City Clerk and City Attorney.

The filling of the vacancies on the Board of Commissioners caused by the resignations
of David Farnsworth and M.E.Ward was brought before the Board for consideration. After due
consideration and discussion on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Down seconded
by Commissioner Marble moved and carried that H.L. Perry and H. Krause be appointed to fill
the vacancies on the Board of Commissioners.

Vote was Commissioner Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that a retail Beverage License be granted to Helen Monday for 206 Wilson Ave; Westside. Appli-
cation being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioners Marble it was moved and carried
that J.D. Corey be granted one slot machine license. Application being in proper form and
money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioners Down it was moved and carried
that the following Permit be granted;

That the American Legion Post #8 Department of Nevada be and is hereby granted a Permit
from the City of Las Vegas to discharge fireworks at the City Park in the City of Las Vegas on
the 11th day of November, 1936.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Thursday the 12th day of November, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS OFFICE OF THE CLERK,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 12th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 12th day of November, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down and Marble,

City Clerk and City Attorney

At this time Mr. H. Krause and Mr. H.L. Perry the newly appointed Commissioners of the
City appeared before the Board and qualified by taking the official oath of office. Same being
administered by The City Clerk, Thereupon the entered upon their duties as Commissioners.

Mr. Perry being appoint Commissioner of Finance, and his term of office to terminate the 1st
of June, 1939, and Mr. Krause to Serve as Police Commissioner and his term of office to term-
inate the 1st of June, 1937.

The proceeding of improving a tract of ground owned by the City adjoining the Fish Hatchery
under the W.P. A. was considered. Said tract of ground to be improved with a nine hole golf
course.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commis-
sioner Down it was moved and carried that the City through its Mayor and Clerk sign the nec-
essary papers and forward same to Claude Mackey, F.E.R.A. Director of this district, and to
do each and every act toward the improving of the ground owned by the City adjoining the
Fish Hatchery with a nine hole golf course.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause the following Resol-
ution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED; Whereas, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada has accepted the offer of the Federal
Emergency Administration of Public Works for a grant of $34,364.00 to aid in financing the con-
struction of concrete curb and gutters and oil bound gravel on certain streets in said City,
under PWA Docket No. 1021-R- Nevada, and desires to perform said work on a force account basis,

NOW, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
that the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works, through his State Director for Nev-
ada, be requested to approve this construction by force account, for the following reasons:

(1)	The City has the equipment and the supervisory personnel to accomplish said con-
struction more economically by force account than by contract;

(2)	The type of work does not require the use of any other equipment or personnel not now.
available to the City, and there are no local contractors engaged in contracting this
type of work who would be deprived of an opportunity to bid;

(3)	Past experience of the City with outside contractors has resulted in increased cost
and inferior construction, and has led to the City's undertaking its own construction
work and representing to the taxpayers who will be included in the assessment district
that this work will be done by force account.

(4)	The estimates of the cost of construction are based upon past experience of the cost

of similar work, using City equipment and supervisory personnel and if it were necessary
to pay the assumed	of construction by contract, it would be difficult, it not

impossible, to proceed with the project or pay the cost thereof by any greater assess-
ment against the property affected.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Thursday the 19th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 19th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett Commissioners Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down and City Attorney.

Mr. R. Fyhen, Ed Martin Walter, Bill Faber, Ward Wright and Victor Jolley appeared before
the Board and spoke in behalf of the repeal of the City Ordinance governing "Picketing" in the
City.

No action was taken on this matter but the gentlemen appearing before were assured that
the matter would be given serious consideration in the very near future.

The City Clerk was directed to write the Las Vegas land and Water Company and inform them
that the alley between Fremont Street and Carson Street from Main Street to Fifth Street was
badly in need of repairs, and to request that the water line placed in said alley must be put
in first class condition at once so that the alley might be repaired. That the the poor con-
dition of the water lines had caused this condition to exist.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Monday the 23rd day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 23rd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 23rd day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, and
Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

A letter from A.R.Tipton, of Boulder City asking permission to bring into the City of
Las Vegas about fifty (50) houses from Boulder City, was read to the Board.

Said letter was referred to C.D. Baker, City Building Inspector for investigation and report.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following order of the Board of Commissioners be issued:

ORDER OF THE BOARD______

It heretofore appearing to the Board that it was necessary, convenient, beneficial and
advisable to made certain improvements upon the City streets and within the area as herein
after described, and it further appearing that the Board heretofore ordered the City Engineer
to prepare and file with the City Clerk plats, diagrams and estimates of expense of such im-
provements for public examination, and it further appearing that thereafter notice was given
by publication and posting for the time and in the manner as required by the City Charter of
the time when the Board would meet and consider any suggestions and objections by parties in
interest of the proposed improvements, and it further appearing that the said time was set for
the 23rd day of November, 1936, ay the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of the said day at the City
Hall in the City of Las Vegas, and it further appearing that the owners of more than one-half
of the frontage be be assessed have not filed written or any objections thereto, it is therefore

ORDERED by the Board that the improvements upon the streets and the area described in the
said notice to be made; that is to say the following described streets within the city, to-wit:
All of Sixth Street from Linden Avenue to and including its southern most end; All of
Seventh Street from its north end where it intersects with the Union Pacific Railroad
grounds, south to and including Garces Street; all of Eighth Street from Mesquite Avenue
to and including Clark Street; all of Ninth Street from Stewart to Fremont Street; all
of Tenth Street from Ogden to Fremont Street; all of Eleventh Street from from Ogden to
Fremont Street; All of Linden Avenue from Sixth Street to to Seventh Street; all of
Mesquite Avenue from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Stewart Avenue from Fifth
Street to Ninth Street; all of Ogden Street from the a ley between Fifth and Sixth
Streets to Ninth Street; all of Carson Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of
Bridger Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Lewis Street from Fifth Street
to Seventh Street; all of Clark Street from Fifth Street to Eighth Street; all of Bonne-
ville Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of Charleston Boulevard from
Fifth Street to Seventh Street; all of Garces Street from Fifth Street to Seventh Street;
all of Division Street from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; all of Fifth Place.
to be improved with oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters, excepting such
portion thereof as may now contain both oil bound gravel or concrete pavement and concrete curbs
and gutters, and it is further

ORDERED that the expense thereof be paid approximately fifth-five percent (55%) thereof
from revenues to be derived from special assessments upon the lots and parcels of land abutting
upon and adjacent to the said streets according to benefits, and approximately forty-five (45%)
thereof to be paid from a special fund to be granted by the United States Government for that
purpose, and it is further

ORDERED that the said district so above described shall be known as and call "The Las
Vegas 1937 Improvement District Number 3".

Vote on the above order was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
Police and Fire Commissioner Krause advertise for bids for the purchase of two (2) cars to be used
in police work for the City

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Commissioner Krause re-appointed Harold Case Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Department and
D. Leavitt Assistant Chief.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk be directed to write Mr. Fyhen for a copy of the anti-trust laws governing
picketing, and the court decision thereof.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Minutes of the meetings of November 4th, 6th, and 9th, read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the Commissioner of Streets H.P. Marble advertise and secure bids for the purchase of one
dump truck and one motor grader for the City street department.

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 30th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 30th, 1936.

Minutes of ,a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 30th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and
Marble, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

At this time the Board entered into an informal discussion the business of the City carr-
ing a blanket fire insurance on all City buildings. A number of insurance agents were present
including E.W. Allen, O.A. Kimball, E.A.Clark and out of town representatives.

No definite action was taken at this time.

Several residents of Woodland Park appeared before the Board protesting the moving into
that district of houses from Boulder City.

The Clerk was ask that publicity be given the informal meeting of the Board of Commis-
sioners to be held on Monday the 7th day of December, 1936 . The purpose of the meeting being
the proposed amendments to the city zoning ordinance. All portions of the City that have not been
discussed at previous meetings to be taken up at this time.

A letter from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company was read to the Board in regard to the
conditions of the water line in the alley between Carson and Fremont Streets and from Main to
Fifth Street.

After some discussion on the letter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commis-
sioner Krause it was moved and carried:

THAT C.D.Baker, City Engineer, be detailed to supply the Board of Commissioners with a
definite report of the condition of the alley between Carson and Fremont Street, and Main
Street to Sixth Street, in regards to the water line in said alley. To present with the report
of his findings the recommendations as to what changes should be made in the water line before
the City could proceed with the surfacing of the alley.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His	the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following resolution
was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED, That the City Clerk be directed to write a letter to the Southern Nevada
Power Company, S.J. Lawson, President, notifying the said company that they are ordered that
hereafter when the company contemplates extensions and improvements that the City Commission
be furnished with a map showing exact proposed location of each pole and its relation to est-
ablished streets, curb lines and/or alleys for consideration of the Commission, and previous
to starting any construction.

BE IT ALSO ORDERED that the City Clerk be furnished with a map showing present location
of all Power Company poles established within the limits of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.
DECEMBER 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry, City Clerk and City Attorney.

811 claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrent Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Minutes of meetings held November 12th, 19th, and 23rd 1936 read and approved as read.

A letter from Miss Z.L. Billie Ormsby asking that the Board of Commission have her brother
"Siwashed" in all taverns in the City of Las Vegas was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write Miss Ormsby for the given name of her brother before action could be taken.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

the possibility of having the Pittsburgh Panthers spend a week in the City of Las Vegas,
on their way to Pasadena to the Rose Bowl game was brought to the attention of the Board, and
on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
the Clerk wire the "Panthers" and extend to them a most cordial invitation to visit Las Vegas,
on their way to Pasadena.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A letter from Mrs. Fannie Ryan to the Board of Commissioners asking that action be taken
toward the moving and abating what is commonly known as "Block 16" in the City of Las Vegas,
was presented to the Board for its consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the letter of the said Fannie Ryan be handed to the City Attorney and that he advise the
Board as to what action might be taken upon this matter legally, and that the Clerk write
Mrs. Ryan of the action of the Board.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

0 motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City, through its Board of Commissioner give the sum of One Hundred Dollars from the
Publicity Fund toward the White Christmas Fund.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that all bids received and opened at this time for the purchase of two (2) new police cars
be handed to Commissioner Krause, Police and Fire Commissioner for his disposal.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk opened bids from the nine oil companies operating in the City of
Las Vegas for the supplying of gasoline to the City for one year.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bids for gasoline be handed to Commissioner Marble for his disposal.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The business of appointing a Board of Appraisal to appraise the buildings owned by the City
so that same might be insured came before the Board for consideration at this time, and on
motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the
Clerk be directed to write A.L. Worswick, architect, Roscoe Hampton, contractor, and A.W. Black-
man, accountant and ascertain if they would be willing to serve on such Board and the fee that
would be charged the City for this work.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

An ordinance entitled: "An ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by
grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters on cer-
tain street and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location
on the said improvements; providing that the cost of certain portions of the expenses thereof
shall be paid by special assessment upon all the lots and parcels of land included in the
special assessment district hereby established according to benefits; providing for the issuance
of special assessment bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters
and things relating thereto," was read to the Board for a first time, proposed, considered and
voted upon this 4th day of December, 1936. Voting Ayes: Commissioners Down, Marble, Krause and
Perry and His Honor the Mayor, L.L. Arnett. Voting nays: none.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 221 of the City of Las Vegas
The City Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published once each week for two con-
secutive weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
An ordinance titled "An ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio
City assessor of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special
assessment to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grad-
ing for and the construction of all oil bound pavement and concrete curbs and gutters on certain
streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, according to the plats, diagrams and
estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, des-
cribing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amount of said assessments and
designating the lots, parcels of land and premises to be assessed, according to benefits, pay-
ment thereof and other matters relating thereto," was read to the Board for a first time and
vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, Krause and Perry and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, voting
aye. Noes, none.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 222 of the City of Las Vegas.

The City Clerk was thereupon directed have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Review
Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, once a week for two (2) consecutive
weeks in said paper.

The business of annexing to the City of Las Vegas additional territory was brought before the
Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the
following Resolution was introduced and passed:

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS of the City of Las Vegas do hereby resolve and declare that it
is the intention of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to annex to the City of
Las Vegas all the following described land, area and territory, to-wit:

The S ½	of	Section	19,	the	S ½	of Section	20,	the	S ½ of Section 21,	the S ½	of Section 22

the S ½	of	Section	23,	the	S ½	of Section	 24 all of Section 25 and all of Section 36 in

Town ship 20 S, Range 61 E, M. D. B. & M;

The S ½ of Section 19, all of Section 30, and all of Section 31 in Township 20 S, Range
62 E, M.D.B. & M.

All of Section 1, all of Section 6, all of Section 8, all of Section 9, all of section
10, all	of	Section	11,	all	of Section 12,	all	of	Section 13, all of	Section	14, all of

Section	15,	all of	section	16,	all of Section	17,	the N ½ of Section	20, the	N ½ Section

21, the N ½ Section 22, the N ½ Section 23 and the N ½ Section 24, in Township 21 S. Range
61, M. D. B. & M:

The W ½ of Section 5, all of Section 6, all of Section 7, the W ½ of Section 8, the W ½
of Section 17, all of Section 18, the N ½ of Section 19, and the NW ¼ of Section 20, all
in Township 21 S, Range 62 E, M. D. B. & M.;

And the City Engineer is hereby ordered to prepare and file in the office of the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas a plat of the above described property.

And it is further ordered that notice be given as required by City Charter, that the Board
of Commissioners will meet and hear objections to the annexation of the territory on the part of
the free-holders residing therein and the residents of the City of Las Vegas.

And it is further ordered that the notice above mentioned shall be published one week
in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and that like notice
be posted in at least three public places in the district to be annexed, and shall also be mailed
to all known free-holders in the said district and area so sought to be annexed.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was ordered that the
following notice be given in conformity with the provisions of Section 2, of Chapter 1 of the
charter of the City of Las Vegas;

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN

That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Lae Vegas has heretofore and on the fourth
day of December, 1936, declared its intention to annex to the City of Las Vegas the following
described area and territory:

The	S ½	 of Section	19,	the	S ½ of	Section	20,	the	S ½ of Section 21, the S ½ of Section 22,

the	S ½ 	of Section	23,	the	S ½ of	Section	24,	all	of	Section	25 and all of Section 36 in

Township 20 S, 61 E, MB. D. &. M;

The S ½ of Section 19 all of Section 30, and All of Section 31 in township 20 S, Range 62.

E. M.D.B. & M.:	

All of Section 1, all of Section 6, all of section 8, all of Section 9, all of Section 10
all	of Section 11,	all	of Section	12, all of Section 13, all	of Section 14, all of Section

15,	all	of Section	16,	all	of Section 17,	the	N ½	of	Section 	20, the N ½ of Section 21,

the N ½ of Section 22, the N ½ of Section 23, and the N ½ of Section 24, in Township 21
S, Range 61 E, M. D. B. & M;

The W ½ of Section 5, all of Section 6, all of Section 7, the W ½ of Section 8, the W ½ of
Section 17, all of Section 18, the N ½ of Section 19, and the NW ½ of Section 20, all of
Township 21 S, Range 62 E, MDB & M.

All freeholders residing in the area and district above described and all residents of the
City of Las Vegas are hereby directed to appear before the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las' Vegas at the City Hall in the City of Las Vegas on the 21st day of December, 1936, at the hour
of 7 o'clock P.M. of said day and show cause at the said time and place, if any they have, why
the said land above described should not be annexed to the said City, and give reasons, if any
they have, why the said land should not be annexed to the City of Las Vegas.

Dated this 4th day of December, 1936.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS
By Viola Burns, Clerk.
Vote on the above order was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the
Mayor L.L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Thursday the 10th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 10th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas held on the 10th day of December, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Mr. Blackman, Mr. Hampton and Mr. Worswick appeared before the Board in regard to the organ-
ization of the Board of appraisers for the City of Las Vegas. These gentlemen had been invited to
appear before the Board and had also been ask to serve as such Board of Appraisers.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the City allow the sum of $150.00, as compensation for the Board of Appraisers for the City, and
that said sum be divided equally among the members of the Board namely, Mr. Blackman, Mr. Hampton
and Mr. Worswick, as they had accept the appointments.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Marble reported to the Board his recommendation of the disposal of the gasoline bids
presented to the Board On December 4th, 1936.

motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the Mayor and the Clerk enter into contracts with he Richfield Oil Company, The Texas Company and
the Signal Oil Company for their proportionate part of the gasoline requirements for the City of
Las Vegas for the ensuing year.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to write and inform the Shell Oil Company, The Mohawk Oil Company,

Union Oil Company, Standard Oil Company, General Petrolatum Company and the Rio Grande Oil Co;
and inform them that their bids might he amended on or before the meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners to be held on the 21st day of December, 1936. That the bids were ambiguous and the
Board was in doubt of the said companies entering into contracts with the City for their pro-
portionate part of the years business.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

Mrs. Addie Bulette appeared before the Board in regard to the erection of a private gar-
age, of wooden construction in Fire Zone 2. As this is not permissible in this location Mrs.
Bulette was advise that the Board would take the matter under consideration and a decision
would be handed to her in the very near future.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Thursday the 17th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 15th, 1936.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO--

Viola Burns, City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk Office in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, County of Clark, on Tuesday the 15th day of December, 1936 at the hour of three
o'clock p.m. on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the business of annexing additional territory to the City of Las
Vegas, an incorporated City.

Dated this 15th day of December, 1936.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MELTING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. Down,

H. Krause, H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on Tuesday the 15th day of December, 1936, at
the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the business of annexing additional territory to the City of Las
Vegas, an incorporated City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.



VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice.

Dated December 15th, 1936.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	H.P. Marble

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

Jas. Down	H.L. Perry

Commissioner	Commissioner.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Held on the 15th day of December, 1936.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry City Clerk and Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Perry the following Resolution
was Introduced and passed:

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has heretofore and on the
fourth day of December, 1936, declared its intention to annex certain portions of the territory
adjacent to the City of Las Vegas, more fully described in said Resolution and Declaration, and

WHEREAS the town of North Las Vegas was included within the area so proposed to be annexed

and

WHEREAS it has been brought to the attention of the Board that to so annex the said area
comprosing the town of North Las Vegas might probably complicate and interfere with the town's
proposed water project now, as we are advised, in the progress of completion, it is therefore,
RESOLVED and ORDERED that all proceedings heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas to the end of annexing the said territory in the said Resolution
and Declaration described, be, and the same hereby is, rescinded, and it it further

ORDERED that all proceedings looking to the annexation of the said territory be, and the
same hereby is, abandoned.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 17th, 1936.

 Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County Nevada held on the 17th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, and
Marble, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board for its consideration a petition filed
by Paul Ralli asking that south Eighth and Nineth Streets be improved.

Mr. Ralli was assured that the same would be given consideration, and the Clerk was
directed to place said petition on file for future reference at such time the the said improvement
 of South Eighth and Nineth Streets might be considered.
Ralph Purdy representing the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board in regard to
the Junior Chamber of Commerce taking over the activities of the Las Vegas Horseman's Assoc-
iation.

No definite action was taken on this matter at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and ordered that
the Board of Commissioners comply with the request made in writing to this Board by Miss Ormsbay
asking that an order be place against all tavern, and beverage stores from selling any alcoholic
liquors to her brother Bud Ormsby. The Clerk was directed to send out the notices as provided
in Ordinance No. 203 the of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the
Mayor and Clerk sign the agreements with the General Petrolaum, Co;; Union Oil and Shell Oil
Companies for gas for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A.L. Drew City Electrical Inspector presented plans and specifications for street light projects
in various parts of the City of Las Vegas. These plans had been prepared at the request of Jas.

H. Down, Commissioners of Water Sewer and Light.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the above mentioned plans and specifications be handed to the Mr. Down, and Mr. Baker for further
investigation and approval.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 21st day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 21st, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 21st day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause and Marble City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Perry.

Mr. Joe Ronnow of the Las Vegas Horseman's Association appeared before the Board and presented
the report of the Race Meet held in Las Vegas November 28th, 29th and 30th, 1936.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the report of the Las Vegas Horseman's Association be accepted and placed on file.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board a letter from the Las Vegas Colored Association asking that
certain improvements be made in the H.F.M. and M. addition to the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of	Commissioner	Marble seconded by	Commissioner	Krause it	was	moved and	carried	that

the Clerk be	directed to write the association and inform	them that	the	the Board	would meet

with them the night of January 8th, 1937. Mr. Baker City Engineer was instructed to check the
cost of the improvements ask for by the association and present same to the Board at that time.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of	Commissioner	Marble seconded by	Commissioner	Krause it	was	moved and	carried	that

the sales agreements from	the Rio Grande Oil	and Mohawk Oil Companies be returned	to said

	companies and that same be corrected to read any part of the gasoline requirements for the year
1937.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of November 30th, December 4th and 10th read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Wednesday the 30th day of December 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
DECEMBER 30th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 30th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Down and Marble,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry
In attendance at this time were the Clark County Delegates to the State Legislature.

Frank Ryan, Senator, and R.T. Moore, Berkeley Bunker, James Farnsworth Assemblymen.
Mr. Cline, Assemblyman was not in attendance.

Mr. Farnsdale informed the Board that he was heartily in favor of municipal ownership,
especially municipal power and would do all in his power to help the City secure municipal
owner ship.

Mr. Bunker informed that Board that his platform as sent forth during the election in the
fall was unchanged but refused to quote the flatform he used during the election, and also stated
he was not going to commit himself on the way in which he would vote on questions pertaining
to the City of Las Vegas the County of Clark of the State of Nevada. That the stand he would
take during the legislature would depend on the presentation of the various bills, and the
manner in which they were presented. He referred especially to Charter amendments of the City
and not committing himself until such time as the same might be presented to the State Leg-
islature, and his vote on the same at the time introduced in legislature would depend on the
wording of the same.

Mr. Moore and Mr. Ryan informed the Board that they had no statement to make at this time
but might at a meeting to be held on January 4th, 1937. Mr. Moore ask that he be handed a draft
of any acts or bills that the City might want introduced.

Mr. Taylor, City Attorney sketched the outline of the City's fight for municipal power
ownership.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk sign sales agreements with the Mohawk Oil and Texas oil companies for
requirements for the year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, non

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause the following tavern liquor
licenses for the year 1937 were granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file with
the Clerk covering the first quarter year license.

Pilar Santa Cruz	Sal Sagev Tavern Inc.	W.S.Goodwin

Art Schreiber		Mission Tavern	Apache Bar

J.K. Wardworth	J.K. Houssels	Homer Groves.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

0 motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
all retail beverage licenses for the year 1937 on file with the Clerk be granted at this time.
Money being on file to cover the first quarter year license.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all sealed package liquor applications for the year 1937 now on file with the Clerk be
granted. Money to cover the first quarter year license also being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that wholesale liquor licenses be granted to the following Nevada Whle. Liquor Corp. Acme
Distributing Co, and Silver's Whle. Liquor Distributors Inc.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Howard Van Buskirk be granted a whole sale liquor license for the year 1937. Money on file
with the Clerk to cover the first quarter year license.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that all gambling applications for the first quarter year on file with the clerk at this time
granted.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it is ordered:

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that, until the further order of the Board W.J. Rhodes be continued
as Deputy Building and Plumbing Inspector at his present compensation of One Hundred Fifty
($150.00) Dollars per month.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 4th, 1937.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

held on the 4th day of January, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry City Clerk and City Attorney.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the clerk.
Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.
Ordinance No. 221 entitled "An ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by
grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters on cer-
tain streets and protions of streets in the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location
of the s id improvements; providing that the cost of certain portions of the expenses thereof
shall be paid by special assessment upon all the lots and parcels of land included in the special
assessment district hereby established according to benefits; providing for the issuance of
special assessment bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters
and things relating thereto," was read to the Board for a second time and passed by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioner Down, Krause, Marble, and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Ordinance No. 222 entitled, "An ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the Ex-
officio City Assessor of the City Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a
special assessment to defray the costs of making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by grading for and the construction of all oil bound pavement and concrete curbs and gutters
on certain streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, according to the plats,
diagrams end estimate s of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas, describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said
assessments and designating the lots, parcels of land and premises to be assessed, according to
benefits, providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds for the payment thereof, and
other matters relating thereto," was read to the Board for a second time and passed and adopted
by the following vote, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

F.C.DeVinney, ex-officio assessor of the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board with
the prepared assessment Roll as authorized by Ordinance No. 222 and upon motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause the Clerk was directed to have said "Notice of Special
assessment" published in the Las Vegas Review Journal for two consecutive weeks.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble, and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following letter be sent to Mrs. Fanny Ryan:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

January 2, 1937.

Mrs. Fannie Ryan,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Mrs. Ryan;

This is in answer to your communication of December 2, 1936, addressed to the
Board of City Commissioners, with respect to certain lots and property on and about Block
16, wherein it is alleged that prostitution is being suffered to exist.

The Board takes this opportunity to thank you for calling this matter to its attention.

You are advised that the Chief of Police has been directed by the Board to zealously
suppress any and all existing institutions of prostitution and to use all means at his com-
mand to prevent recurrences of similar conditions.

Very respectfully

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS

VIOLA BURNS_______

City Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause the following order
was adopted:

IT IS ORDERED that so much of that certain Resolution and Order made and adopted by
the Board on the 15th day of June, 1933, as reads as follows:

"Four taxi stand is the limit allowed on Fremont Street with length of twenty
(20) feet for each car stand. Taxi drivers to get permission form property
owners for stand and to paint and maintain own stands.",
be, and the same hereby is, set aside and revoked.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes; none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause a taxi license was granted
to Dewey Musick. Application being in proper form and the sum of $5.00 accompanying said appli-
cation.

Vote was Commissioner Down and Krause, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioners Marble and Perry being excused before the vote was called.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause the following retail bever-
age licenses for the year 1937 were granted:

Safeway Stores,U.P. R.R., Frank Kernan, C.v.T.Gilbert, Bessie Williams, Vera Magness,

Wanda Cooper, J.R. McMichael, A.J. Kahre, Boulder Club, E.A.Frnacis, Allen Jeppson, City Drug,
Professional Drug, J.M. Sills, Recreation Center, and Tip Rowe.

Vote was Commissioners Down, end Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause the following slot
machine licenses for the first quarter year were granted:

A.J. Kahre 1,	Jack Weisberger	3	Ray Murphy 3	City Drug	3

J.M. Sills 2.	Dave Stearns	4	J.R. Mc Michael	2 V. Lancaster	1

A.E. King Ellison 2 E.A.Frnacis 2	Carl Ray	2

Boulder Club 9 slot machine, 2 card games, 7 devices,

Bank Club 3 devices.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Down the following liquor licenses
for the year 1937 were granted:

Tavern licenses to Al Salton, Sam Stearns, Bank Tavern, Golden Camel, Peter Pansey, and
Ethel Rapoport.

Wholesale liquor licenses to Amce Distributing Co. Upderhill Brothers and J.T. Watters.
Wholesale beverage license to Outpost Trading Co.

Sealed package liquor licenses to Read City Drug and Jake Ensley.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At this time a letter was read to the Board from the Cemetery Board asking that it be granted
permission to negotiate with the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; for the purchase of abut ten (10)
acres adjoining the cemetery to be used for additional burial grounds and also to proceed with
an extension to the sprinkling system.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the recommendation of the Cemetery Board be granted and that the Cemetery Board purchase from
the Las Vegas Land and Water Co. ten (10) acres of ground to be used for burial purposes, and
that said Board secure bids for pipe for addition to the sprinkling system.

Vote was Commissioners Down, and Krause, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 8th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 8th day of January 1937 at the hour of seven O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble,

City Clark and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Mr. Platt of the Nevada Horticultural Association appeared before the Board in regard to the
planting of additional trees and shrubs in the City Park.

No definite action was taken on this matter at this time.

A.H. Harrington appeared before the Board in regard to insurance for city owned property.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the letter from the insurance company Mr. Harrington represented be handed to City Attorney
Taylor for investigation.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Hampton, Mr. Worswick and Mr. Blackman, of the Board of Appraisal presented to the Board
a report of its findings in regard to the value of the City buildings as same may be consid-
ered for insurance.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the Board of City Commissioners accept the report of the Board of Appraisal and that the
said Board be dismissed with a vote of thanks.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The reports, both written and pictorial to be permanent records and to be filed in the office
of the City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
all slot machine license applications presented to the Board at this time be granted. All appli-
cations being in proper order and money on file with + he clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause the following retail beverage
licenses for the year 1937 were granted:

Sophis Noon, Thos. L. Adams, E.F. Noon, Blaine Johnson, G. Lopez, Sam Mikulich, W.R.Van Eaton,
W.C.Schultz, Jake Ensley

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
the Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Co. Inc. be granted a wholesale beverage license for the
year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until 20th day of January, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 9th, 1937.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners Rooms in the City Clerk's office, in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, Saturday the 9th day of January, 1937 at the hour
of eleven o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To consider and act upon the business of Street improvements in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

Dated this 9th day of January, 1937.

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor, of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor, and to Jas. H. Down,

H. Krause, H.P. Marble, and H.L. Perry, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, will be held at the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners of said City on Sat-
urday the 9th day of January, 1937, at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M. on said day to con-
sider and act upon the following matter:

1.	to Consider and act upon the business of street improvements in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.
you will govern yourselves accordingly.

VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice.

L.L. ARNETT	H.P. MARBLE	JAS. H. DOWN

MAYOR	COMMISSIONER	COMMISSIONER

HERBERT KRAUSE	H.L. PERRY

COMMISSIONER

Min tes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the 9th day of January 1937 at the hour of eleven o'clock A.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry,

City Attorney and Clerk.

This meeting being called for the purpose of transacting business in connection with the Las
Vegas Improvement Project No. 3 the Board at once entered upon the business at hand.

motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the maps and plans for Las Vegas Improvement District No. 3. be approved and filed with the
City Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble, and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
the Mayor L.L. Arnett forward a telegram in the following form to W.L. Felt, Acting State
Director W.P.A. Reno, Nevada.

"Retel even date assessment payment period ends March tenth bond issue can be authorized im-
mediately thereafter after bonds issued thirty days notice of sale required committment for
purchase of bonds cannot be definitely made until after advertisement many persons soliciting
opportunity to buy bonds city can legally and will transfer its proportion of funds which
amounts to approximately twelve thousand dollars from general fund to prosecute work until
assessment bond funds available final plans and specifications will be ready to submit as soon
as it is determined whether we proceed force account or contract.

L.L. Arnett Mayor.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

The Clerk was Directed to forward the following telegram to Wright L. Felt, Reno, WPA
Director for the State;

With reference to Las Vegas City Street project city is prepared and intends to start work

on eleventh agreeably with terms of governments offer of October twenty third and citys acceptance
of November fourth money available to start project and we request your definite permission
to start the project on January eleventh in all events work will start January eleventh
and will continue in conformance with agreement with government.

By Order of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Viola Burns, City Clerk
On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner Marble the following order was
issued:

IT IS ORDERED that on January 11, 1937, work be commenced on "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement
District #3" and that the same be continued in conformity with the agreement now existing be-
tween the City and the United States Government relating to the said improvement district

and C.D.Baker, the City Engineer, is hereby directed to commence the said work for and on
behalf of the City.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

On motion of	Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause	it was

RESOLVED:	That the United	States Government, through the Federal	Emergency	Administrator	of

Public Works, be and it hereby is requested to extend the time for the commencement of work
upon the Las Vegas Street Improvement District being designated as Nevada 1021-R, until the

first day of February, 1937.

And it is ordered: That a copy of this Resolution be for with transmitted to the State Administrator
 by wire.

Vote Was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion	of	Commissioner	Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble

IT IS HEREBY	ORDERED that Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) be transferred from the	General

Fund of the City of Las Vegas to "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District Fund No. 3", the gen-
eral Fund of the City of Las Vegas to be reimbursed to the extend of such amount as soon
as said improvement funds shall be in condition to permit the transfer back to the General
Fund.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
C.D. Baker, City Engineer: Ryland Taylor, City Attorney; and a member of the Board of Com-
missioners go to Reno and appear before the State Director of the W.P.A. in regard to the
Las Vegas Improvement District #3 project. Expenses of the trip to be stood by the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JANUARY 15th, 1937.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- Viola Burns, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's office, in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, County of Clark, on Friday the 15th day of January, 1937 at the hour of ten
o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the business of Las Vegas, 1937, Street Improvement Project No. 3.
Dated this 15th day of January, 1937.

L.L. Arnett,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO--L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, H. Krause,

H.P. Marble, H.L. Perry, Commissioners;

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, will be held in the office of the City Clerk. Am the Commissioners room Friday
the 15th day of January, 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. on said to consider and act upon
the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the business of Las Vegas, 1937 Street Improvement Project #3.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns, City Clerk
ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.L. Perry	H.P. Marble

Commissioner	Commissioner
Mintues of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 15th day of January 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following notice be published:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, proposes to make certain im-
provements, to-wit: Constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters upon
certain street in the city, together with work incidental thereto, according to plans and
specifications on file in the office of the City Clerk. Sealed bids for the construction of the
said improvements are invited for said work and will be received at the office of the City
Clerk in the City Hall in the City of Las Vegas until 10:00 o'clock A.M. on the 30th day of
January, 1937. Instructions to bidders, plans and specifications for the said improvements can
be seen and examined at the office of the City Clerk in the City Hall in the City of Las Vegas,
and copies may be obtained by the payment of the sum of fifteen Dollars ($15.00) therefor.

The right is reserved to reject any and all bids and to waive any and all defects in any
of said bids.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF CITY
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
DATED JANUARY 15th, 1937.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to have said notice published in the Las Vegas Age a weekly news-
paper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas for three issues, January 15th, 22nd,
and 29th, 1937.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JANUARY 15th, 1937.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's office on Friday
the 15th day of January, 1937 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M. on said day to con-
sider and act upon the following matters:

1.	To open bids for the purchase of a motor grader for the City Street Department.

2.	Approve semi-monthly salary bills.

3.	To act upon all gaming and slot machine liquor and beverage applications on file with the
Clerk.

Dated this 15th day of January, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down,

H. Krause, H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry, Commissioners.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners will be held
in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office on Friday the 15th day of Jan-
uary, 1937 at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider and act upon the following matters:

1.	To open bids for the purchase of a motor grader for the City Street Department.

2.	Approve semi-monthly salary bills.

3.	To act upon all gaming and slot machine, liquor and beverage license applications on file
with the Clerk.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE___

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice.

L.L. ARNETT	HERBERT KRAUSE	JAS. H. DOWN

MAYOR	COMMISSIONER	COMMISSIONER

H.P. MARBLE	H.L. PERRY

COMMISSIONER	COMMISSIONER
	Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th day of

January 1937 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down Krause Marble and
City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for a motor grader for the City Street
Department and a number of bids being in the hands of the Clerk said bids were ordered
opened by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the bids after opening be handed to the Commissioner of Streets for His consideration
and recommendation.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and
carried that all slot machine applications on file with the City Clerk at this time be granted.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, Seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the following beverage licenses for the year 1937 be granted:

Mesquite Grocery Co. Inc.	Vegas Sweet Shoppe,	Sewell's United Stores

John Stathis	Joe Carlo	James Adras

Harry Young, and a tavern license to N.C. Westmoreland.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 16th, 1937.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING__

TO-- Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, on Saturday the
16th day of January, 1937 at the hour of two thirty o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and
act upon the following:

1.	To consider the purchase of pipe to be used in the City Park and the Woodlawn Cemetery
for sprinkling system.

2.	To consider and act upon the improving of streets in the City
Dated this 16th day of January 1937.

L.L. ARNETT

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, H. Krause
H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Saturday the
16th day of January, 1937 at the hour of two thirty o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and
act upon the following:

1.	To Consider the purchase of pipe to be used in the City Park and the Woodlawn Cemetery
for sprinkling system.

2.	To consider and act upon improving of streets in the City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE 

WE, the undersigned mayor and commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due
service of the foreging notice.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.P. Marble	H.L. Perry

Commissioner	Commissioner
C.D. Baker, member of the Cemetery Board presented to the Board of Commissioners for its
consideration bids on pipe to furnished to Woodlawn Cemetery for sprinkling system

On motion of Commissioner Marble Perry it was moved on recommendation of the Cemetery
Board that the City accept the bids of the Standard Sanitary Mfg. Co. for pipe for the install-
ation of sprinkling at the Woodlawn Cemetery.	

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, and Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that on recommendation of the City Engineer and the Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the bid of the Standard Sanitary Mfg. Company be accepted. Said bid covering the
cost of sufficient pipe for the paying of a sprinkling system in the City park. Said pipe to
be purchased at bid price.

Vote was commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 20th, 1937.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's office, Wednesday the 20th day
of January 1937 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the follow-
ing business:

1. To consider the protests- if any to the Las Vegas Improvements District No. 3.

Dated this 20th day of January, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to

Jas. H. Down, H. Krause, H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE THAT Pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Wednesday
 the 20th day of January, 1937 at the hour of nine o'clock P.M. on said date to consider and
act upon the following matter:

1. To consider the protests if any to the Las Vegas Improvement District No. 3.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	Jas. H. Down

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.P. Marble	H.L. Perry

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on the
20th day of January, 1937 at the hour of nine o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Clerk, City Attorney and Ex-Officio Assessor.

This being the day heretofore set by the Board for the reviewing of the assessment roll in re-
gard to the Las Vegas Improvement District No. 3 said Board met with F.C.DeVinney, Ex-Officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas at the hour of nine o'clock A.M. on said day and remained in
session until the hour of five o'clock P.M. with Mr. De Vinney available at all times for the
purpose of reviewing said assessment or hearing any objections to same that might be made by
interested property owners. No objections were heard.

No further business appearing before the Board at the hour of five o'clock P.M. the meeting
adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 20th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 20th day of January 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry, Mayor
Arnett, City Attorney and City Clerk. Also being present F.C.DeVinney ex-officio assessor.

This being the day heretofore set by the Board as the time when objections would be heard
upon and the Board would review the Special Assessment Role for "Las Vegas 1937 Improvement
district No. 3" assessments, it having convened at 9 A.M. and remained in session from that time
for the remainder of the day until 5 o'clock P.M. and the assessor being present and available
all of the said time for that purpose, and have again at seven P.M. convened for that purpose
with the assessor, and no objections having been made or suggestions offered it was on motion
of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause ordered:

IT IS ORDERED that the special assessment roll identified as Special Assessment Roll for
"Las Vegas 1937 Improvement District No. 3" be, and the same hereby is approved and confirmed and
the assessments therein contained and enumerated are hereby adopted.

Vote on the aboveorder was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the
Mayor. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the first quarter year be granted:

J.T. Watters 5, Vegas Sweet Shoppe 1, Frank Kernan 2, E.D.Ciliax 2, Peter Pansey 2,

E.P. Bihlmaier 12.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes, none.
Mayor Arnett being excused before the vote was called

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
the following beverage licenses for the year 1937 be granted:

E.D.Ciliax, E.P. Bihlmaier, M.S. Pinjuv and the Modern Food Shop.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble, and Perry and Mayor Pro Tem Voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 25th lay of January, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 23rd, 1937

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- Viola Burns, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Board Room of the Board of Commissioners Saturday the 23rd day of
January, 1937 at the hour of ten fifteen o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon
the follow ng business:

1. To meet with Wright L. Felt, acting State Director of the W.P.A. in regard to the Las Vegas
Street Improvement District No. 3.

Dated this 23rd day of January, 1937.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down,

Herbert Krause, H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE; That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners will be held
in the Board of Commissioners room in the City Clerk's office, Saturday the 23rd day of Jan-
uary, 1937 to consider the following business:

1. To meet with Wright L. Felt, acting State Director of the W.P.A. in regard to Las Vegas
Street Improvement District No. 3.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice of special meeting and represent that Jas. H. Down, Commissioner
is absent from the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark and his whereabouts are not
ascertainable.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	H.P. Marble

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

H.L. Perry	Jas. H. Down

Commissioner	Commissioner
Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 23rd day of January,
1937 at the hour of ten fifteen o'clock A.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause and Marble, City Clerk,
Attorney and Engineer.

Absent Commissioners Down, and Perry.

Mr. Wright L. Felt, acting State Director of the PWA met with the Board at this time and the
"Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3" was discussed.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause:

It is ordered that advertisement for bids upon Las Vegas Public Works Administration Street
Improvement project No. Nevada 1021-D be published in the Las Vegas evening Review Journal, in
all issues for a period of two successive weeks commencing this date. January 23rd, 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause :

IT IS ORDERED that the contract documents and plans relating to	project No. Nevada,

1021-D this date filed by the City Engineer be and the same hereby are approved and the minimum
wage scale incorporated therein is hereby established as the minimum wage scale to be paid upon
the said project.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 25th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 25th day of January, 1937.

Roll call Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Down, Marble, and Perry, City
Clerk and Attorney

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that retail beverage licenses for the year 1937 be granted to Fred Sifford, and Ted Konduras.
applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the first quarter year
license.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioners Perry it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the first quarter year be granted:

L.L. Arnett 1, E.B. Philmaier 3,

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that a gaming license	be granted to the Big Four Club for the following,	two	cards	games,	craps,

roulette, twenty-one,	chuck-a-luck keno and Faro and Wheel of fortune.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

C.J. Hammond appeared before the Board in regard to securing permit for the erection of
a sign advertising the Kings Rest Auto Court on the north west corner of Fifth and Bonneville Sts.
and sited to the Board the fact that numerous signs were on the various streets of Las Vegas and
presented the Commission with a list of the same.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it	was	moved	and	carried

that the Clerk type a	list of these violations and hand one to each Commissioner.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Mr. Hammond was told the Board would take this application under consideration and he
would be given an answer in a few days.

Mr. Courtright of the Junior Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board in regard to
reports of the Presidents Birthday Balls given in the years 1934, 1935 and 1936. Stating that
people were anxious to know how the money retained in L.V. was spent.

The Clerk was directed to write E.W. Cragin and K.O. Knudsen and secure copies of the
reports for the past three year.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write to the fire insurance agencies in Las Vegas and ask them to participate in
a blanket fire insurance policy covering all city buildings.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to write and secure two copies of the Report of the Colorado River
Commission and keep the same on file in the office of the Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

The following wire was read to the Board at this time.

Washington D.C.

Jan 25, 1937

L.L. Arnett, Mayor:

Am pleased to advise that application for extension of time Las Vegas Street Improvement Project
has been approved for February first stop please wire if further assistance necessary regards

Pat McCarran.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following answer was wired to
Mr. McCarran:

Las Vegas, January 25th, 1937.

Hon P A Mc Carran
United States Senate
Washington D C

Retel even date city advertised for bids but it was necessary to readvertise to conform pwa
notice which forms were not available until last Saturday felt was here at which time this was
worked out we are now advertising for bids to be opened february eighth felt requested an exten-
sion to fifteenth and is otherwise cooperating splendidly in our efforts this delay will necessitate
 further extension until fifteenth your cooperation to this end will be appreciated

ARNETT

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time the reply to the Resolution passed and adopted by the Building Trades
Council of Southern Nevada was brought before the Board for Consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and car-
ried that the City send the following answer to the Building Trades Council and that the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal be handed a copy so that same in its entirety might be pub-
lished and that the entire letter be spread upon the minutes of this meeting:

L. L. Arnett, Mayor	CITY OF LAS VEGAS	Viola Burns, Clerk

Gateway to Boulder Canyon Cam

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 25, 1937

Building Trades Council of Southern Nevada
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

This is in answer to your communication of January 10, 1936, addressed to the Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners, wherein you requested the Board to issue a statement as to why
municipally owned and distributed power is not available to the citizens of this community.

The Board fully realizes that this is a matter of great concern to you as it is also
to the Board. You are assured that your interest and support are greatly appreciated, further-
more, you are assured that we welcome this opportunity to furnish this information.

Even before the present administration took office your present Mayor, who was then
Finance Commissioner, and Commissioners Down and Marble, anticipating that probably some charter
changes would be necessary in order to enable the City to establish a municipal plant, and,
with that end in view, the then City Attorney was directed to study and prepare such amendments
as would be necessary to enable the city to establish its municipal plant. Agreeably with such
direction the City Attorney proposed certain changes which were in turn proposed by the above
named commissioners to the Legislature then in session and by the Legislature adopted.

As an advisory proposition your Board caused to be submitted to the voters at the general
city election in May, 1935, the question as to whether or not the city should establish a muni-
cipal power plant. The vote upon this question was 2,117 for the municipal plant and 275 against
it, thereby demonstrating that there was an overwhelming sentiment in favor of such plant.

Your present Mayor as such was inducted into office on the first day of June, 1935.
Immediately upon his taking office he, in conjunction with the Board, undertook an intensive
study of the power situation and it was deemed essential that a careful and authentic survey
be made of the local plant, the estimated cost of a new plant and the like. And with that end
in view, Mr. Barry Dibble, formerly Chief Electrical Engineer for the Bureau of Reclamation
of the United States Government and one of the outstanding electrical engineers in the country,
was engaged by the city to make such a survey. This contract and engagement was made on the
11th day of July, 1935, and the engineer's findings as a result of such survey were reported to
the Board on the 10th day of September, 1935, with which report most of you are familiar, there
being several hundred copies printed for public information, and if there be any of you who are
not familiar with this report there are still a few copies available for distribution at the
office of the City Clerk.

Agreeably with the provisions of the city charter, the City Board on the 4th day of October,
1935, issued a proclamation to the effect that it proposed to issue $250,000.00 in bonds for the
construction of a municipal plant and to the effect that it would pass an ordinance directing
the issuance of the bonds. On October 28, 1935, J. S. Lawson brought an action against the city
and the city commissioners, by which it was sought to restrain the city from issuing such bonds.

The City interposed a demurrer to the complaint of Lawson. The matter thereafter came on for
hearing upon the grounds that the complaint did not state facts sufficient to constitute a cause
of action and thereafter the Court, after hearing the matter, sustained the demurrer and dismissed
the action.
Thereafter and on November 4, 1935, pursuant to the said proclamation, the Board read
for the first time the bond ordinance providing for the issuance of $250,000.00 in bonds for the
construction of such plant and it was duly published according to law and thereafter and on
December 4th, 1935, the said ordinance was read for the second time and passed.

On December 5, 1935, C. C. Ronnow brought an action against the city, the Mayor and
individual commissioners, the complaint of which contained three separate and distinct causes
of action, it alleging as follows:

(1)	That the city did not have the power and the charter was too narrow in scope to
permit the entry by the city into the power business;

(2)	That the ordinance did not conform to the proclamation, and

(3)	That the proposed bonds did not conform in maturity dates to the statutes in such
cases made and provided.

Thereafter the city interposed demurrers to the three respective causes of action and
the matter came on before the Court, the honorable J. M. Lockhart presiding, and it was argued
before the Court on the 2nd and 3rd days of January, 1936, the first available date at which the
matter could be heard. At the conclusion of the argument and the submission of briefs, the
Court took the matter under advisement and thereafter and on the 28th day of April, 1936, a
decision was rendered and filed, by virtue of which the city's demurrers to the second and third
causes of action being sustained but being overruled as to the first cause, the effect of which
decision was to say that the city did not have the power to establish a municipal plant under
its charter as alleged in the first cause of action. The second and third causes of action were
dismissed.

At the time of the institution of the suit on December 5, 1935, a temporary injunction
was issued by the Judge and by the Court's decision of April 28, 1936, said injunction was made
permanent.

The City Attorney was directed by the Board to forthwith perfect an appeal from such
decision to the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada.

On May 5, 1936, Notice of Appeal and the Bill of Exceptions were served and immediately
thereafter filed in the Supreme Court, thereby perfecting the appeal. Briefs were then filed on
behalf of the city and on behalf of the plaintiff, Ronnow, in the Supreme Court and the case was
called for setting in the the Supreme Court at the first calendar thereafter, that is the first
Monday in July, 1936. At the calling of the calendar the case was first set for the 13th day of
July for oral argument and thereafter, on the Court's own motion, this setting was vacated and
the case was reset for the 20th day of July.

On the 20th day of July, 1936, the case was argued before the Supreme Court by respective
counsel, there being present for the City the Mayor, Commissioner Down and the City Attorney.

At the conclusion of the argument the matter was ordered submitted for decision.

Thereafter and on November 4th, 1936, the Court, on it's own motion, ordered the matter
re-submitted and requested counsel to file supplemental briefs, which were thereafter duly served
and filed, the city's Brief being filed on the 16th day of November, 1936.

Thereafter and on the 17th day of December, 1936, the Court directed that further
supplemental Briefs be filed, which were filed January 1, 1937, thus the case remains before
the supreme Court for decision.

You are reassured that the Board appreciates your interest in this matter in which we
have great mutual concern. And you are further assured that we will not break faith with you
but will keep our pledge to give you municipal power, which you would have gotten long ago had
it not been for the injunction restraining the Board. We confidently hope that all legal obsta-
cles may be removed in the very near future, thereby enabling the Board to proceed with actual
construction.

Faithfully

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

BY Viola Burns____________________

CITY CLERK

LLA/vbp

Vote on the passage of the motion was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 1st day of February 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 1st, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 1st day of February, 1937 at the hour of seven
o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Down,
and Perry, City Attorney and City Clerk.



Mr. Carpenter, the newly appointed member of the Colorado River Commission appeared before
the Board and spoke briefly on the Commission and its work.

Messrs. Luce, Kimbal, Russell, Goerman, Woolman and Earl of the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of
Commerce appeared before the Board and all spoke on the necessity of more publicity for the
city of Las Vegas. Each in turn also ask that the give the sum of $4,500.00 toward the support of
the Chamber of Commerce for the year.

This committee was advised that the Board would consider such a move at such time as the
budget for the year 1937 was prepared.

I R. Crandall representing the Las Vegas Municipal Golf Club appeared before the Board
and presented his report of the operations of the Club.

Mr. Claude Mackey, Clark County Director of the F.E.R.A. appeared before the Board and
permission was given him to grade and gravel about one thousand feet of road at the fish hatchery

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the addenda, as prepared by C.D.Baker City Engineer The incorporated in the contract documents
in connection with the Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3, after its approval by the
P.W.A. Director of the State of Nevada, and that the same be submitted to all bidders after its
approval.

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following letter be forwarded to the Nevada State Legislature now in session at Carson
City:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

February 1st, 1937.

The Nevada State Legislature,

Carson City, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

The City of Las Vegas has been working upon a public improvement program under its
existing charter, the present City Board having devoted much time and labor to the consider-
ation of the charter as it effects our local situations and requirements and it probably better
acquainted with the requirements applicable to the local situation than any other person or
groups of persons.

We anticipate asking for some minor changes in our charter to meet the particular requirements
of our local community and development programs. In such event such proposed amendments will be
submitted through the Clark County Delegation, and in which event we earnestly solicit your
earnest consideration and approval.

We are advised that here is a move on foot to present a bill amending the charter of the
City of Las Vegas prior to the presentation of our bill. In such event, we earnestly request your
body to reserve action upon the same, but instead delay action until the bill is presented
meeting with the approval of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Very respectfully
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF
CITY COMMISSIONERS
BY VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes,

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1937

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada held on the 4th day of February, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Clerk, City Attorney, absent.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

Claude Mackey appeared before the Board at this time and ask the city for more projects to
to given to the F.E.R.A. of which he is the Clark County Agent. Mr. Mackey was assured that the
City would work with him in every way in providing employment for the people of Clark County.

Mr. Fyhen, State Vice President of the Federation of Labor appeared before the Board in re-
gard to the City repealing the present ordinance governing picketing in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
the City Attorney be instructed to prepare and present to the Board for its consideration a form
of ordinance repealing the ordinance governing picketing, said ordinance being Ordinance No. 181.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time it was decided that the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M. on Thursday the 11th
day of February be set as the time for hearing the insurance agents of Las Vegas in regard to a
blanket insurance policy covering all buildings owned by the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the City Attorney prepare and present to the Board for its consideration an ordinance governing
the erections of signs in the City of Las Vegas, as same had been prepared by A.L. Drew, City
Electrician. That the City Attorney also prepare a form of applications for the erection of
signs in conformity with said ordinance.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a Club Liquor license be granted to the Elks' Club, 111 Fremont St.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application of Bert Smith for the sale of sealed package liquor be tabled.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board a letter from Leslie Edwards, Scout Director, ask-
ing that the Boy Scout Cabin occupied by one Mr. Lindscott be vacated as the room was need by
the Boy Scouts.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
Mr. Lindscott vacate the Boy Scout Cabin now occupied and used by him as his residence, and that
the Police Dept. lend every effort to help said Mr. Lindscott to move to other quarters.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 8th day of February, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 8th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners the City of Las
Vegas held on the 8th day of February, 1937 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry
City Attorney and City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Down.

The minutes of all regular, recessed regular and special meetings held from December 15th
1936 to January 20th, 1937 inclusive read and approved as read.
This being the time set for the opening of bids on the Las Vegas Street improvement Dis-
trict No. 3 and three sealed bids being in the hands of the Clerk, the Clerk was directed to
open said bids. The said bids being from Bebek & Brkich, amount of bid $68,290.00,

Pacific Construction Co., $69,760.00 and J.C.Compton Co; $72,330.00. A.R.Tompson, Assistant
P.W.A. Engineer for the State was present and assisted in the tabulation of the bids.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the following form of Resolution accepting the bid of Bebek and Brkich be forwarded
to The State Office of the PWA for its approval before the adoption of said Resolution.

RESOLUTION

Whereas, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las V gas heretofore advertised forbids
for the construction of street improvements upon the project designated "Las V gas 1937 Improve-
ment District No. 3" and designated also "PWA Docket No. Nevada 1021-D", the said advertisement
having been published in all issues of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal newspaper commencing
on the 23rd day of January, 1937, and concluding on the 6th day of February, 1937, and

Whereas, in response to the said advertisement certain bids upon the said project was made
according to plans, specifications and contract documents heretofore approved by the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, Bebek and Brkich, a co-partnership, being the best responsible bidder, that is to
say, having agreed to preform the said construction work for the sum of Sixty-Eight Thousand
Two Hundred Ninety Dollars, ($68,290.00) excluding all alternates, now, therefore,

Be It Resolved: That the said bid of the said Bebek and Brkich, a co-partnership, be and the
same hereby is accepted; that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to sign
for and oh behalf of the City of Las Vegas all necessary contract documents with the said Bebek
and Brkich, a co-partnership for the performance of the said construction, agreeably with con-
tract documents, plans and specifications heretofore approved, in the sum of SIXTY-EIGHT THOUSAND
TWO HUNDRED NINETY DOLLARS ($68,290.00).

Vote on the above was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Tuesday the 9th day of February, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 9th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 9th day of February, 1937 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and
Perry, City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Perry Seconded By Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
a Resolution heretofore passed on the 9th day of January, 1937, transferring the sum of $5,000 from
the General Fund to the Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3 fund be rescinded.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Perry Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following Resolution be introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is about to enter into a contract with Nick Bebek and Jack
Brkich, for the construction of Street Improvements upon the project designated as "Las Vegas 1937
Improvement District No. 3" and designated also as "PWA Docket No. Nevada 1021-D," and

WHEREAS, a special assessment has been levied upon the property situate within the aforesaid
assessment is not now available, and	

WHEREAS, it is necessary in order to immediately start construction upon the said project and
to meet the grant of the United States of America, therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED that the City Clerk and City Treasurer be, and they are hereby, directed and
authorized to transfer from the General Fund of the City of Las Vegas the sum of Twenty-five Thousand
Dollars ($25,000.00) to the said street project fund, the said sum to be repaid to the General
Fund of the City of Las Vegas when money become available from the said assessment, the said money
so transferred to be immediately available for the construction of the improvements above designated.

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the said sum of $25,000.00 be for with transferred to the First State
Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, and there be deposited in the fund designated as "Las Vegas Street
Improvement construction account."

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk read to the Board a report of the Health Office, Dr. F.R. Mildren covering his
findings at the Las Vegas Packing House.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the report of Dr. Mildren be accepted, and filed. That the City clerk forthwith send a copy
of the report to the Las Vegas Packing Co. and instruct said Company to have a representative
appear before the Board at the next recessed regular meeting and explain to said Board why the
sanitary conditions at the packing plant and slaughter house had not been improved.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none*
On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the reports of the committees of the Presidents birthday balls held in the years 1934-5-6
be spread upon the minutes of this meeting.

Said reports reading as follows:

January 27th, 1937

City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Attention Mrs. Viola Burns.

Answering your letter under date of January 25th, will advise that all receipts from the
Birthday Ball held in 1934 were sent direct to committee in charge at New York City with the
exception	of	money expended	by local committee	for	hall rent,	orchestra and tickets. I Don't

seem to have	the exact amount sent from Las Vegas,	but it	you	so desire, will be glad to het

this information from General Committee to whom sent.

In 1935 our dance wasn't a very great success. They were holding a marathon dance in the
Elk's Hall and we held our dance in the Venetian Ball Room. Under the arrangements at that time
we mailed 30% of the net receipts to the General Committee and retained the balance here in add-
ition to a sum I believe in the neighborhood of $12.00 from telegrams sent. After holding this
money for sometime you will remember I appeared before the board and asked it they would have any
objection	if	this money was	turned over to the	Red	Cross and receiving permission from the Board

all money	left in this fund	was turned over to	Mr.	Yates, who was at that time in charge of Red

Cross in Las Vegas.

If the Board is desirous of knowing the exact amount realized from both of these dances, I
will be glad to write headquarters and get the necessary information.

Yours very Truly,

E.W. Cragin.

REPORT ON PRESIDENT'S BIRTHDAY BALL HELD IN THE ELK'S HALL, JANUARY 30, 1936.

Cash received at door	123.00

Tickets collected at door	106

Cash received from Mrs. Long $17.00

15.00
___73.00

105.00

Ticket, cash at door 5.00
"	" from K.O. 5.00

115.00

Total Cash received from Mrs. Long	115.00

Total cash received from Mrs. Tyler	29.00

Total cash received from Mr. Murphy	6.00

Total cash received from Mr. Bunker	 0.00

Total cash	273.00

Total cash received	273.00

Expenses:

Spangles	1.35

Elk's Hall rent	15.00

Entertainment cost	.25

Decorating committee	1.30

Orchestra	41.00

Flag (decoration)	.49

Punch (Oasis)	 10.00____

Total expense	69.39	 69.39_____

Net Profit	203.61

Check sent to

National _________61.08____

Balance to Grammar School Charity Fund	142.53

K.O. Kundsen

General Chairman

REPORT OF 1936 Roosevelt Dance Fund

Feb. 1, 1936 Balance turned over to Committee	142.53

Dental cases:	Cost to this fund

10 children	$22.00

Glasses

16 Children	17.00

Tonsillectomies:

3 children	No charge

Clothing and food

8 children	14.44

Milk furnished undernourished children

30 children approximate ___________84.00_____

Total	137.44

Balance ___________5.09_____

142.53	142.53

At this time there are 56 children receiving milk. This total varies during the year-due
to the arrival and departure of Children

K.O. Kundsen
Chairman.
Vote on Mr. Marbles motion was as follows: Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the report of the Junior Chamber of Commerce covering the President's Birthday ball be accepted and
the report thereof be entered upon the minutes of this meeting:

February 2, 1937

Hon. Mayor Arnett,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sir;

We wish to submit the following report regarding the 1937 President's Birthday Ball for
the President held at the American Legion Hall at Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 30th day of January,
1937.

RECEIPTS___	EXPENSES

$ 527.75	Misc	1.00

Music	62.00

Rent	75.00

Pub.	Address	System	7.50

Tickets	&	Placards	24.50

Pass-out checks	_______5.00

175.00

Net Profit

$352.75

30% of which to wit $105.83 to be sent to National Committee, and 70% retained by local committee
 to wit $246.92

hanking you again for the honor you have conferred upon us, we beg to remain,

Yours very truly,

Junior Chamber of Commerce
By Paul Ralli
President

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Roes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Bert Smith for 125 South Fifth Street for the year
1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Roes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Wednesday the 10th day of February, 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
FEBRUARY 10th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of February, 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble,
and Perry, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned.
until the hour of four o'clock P.M..

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 10th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of February, 1937 at the hour of four o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, and
Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Mr. Horn, of the Department of Justice, appeared before the Board and explained in detail
the holding of a school in Washington D.C. for instructions to police and peace officers, and
informed the Board that two (2) men from the State of Nevada would be entitled to enroll in said
school. The school to convene in May and run for twelve consecutive weeks. Tuition to be of no
expense to the City.

Mr. Horn was informed that the City of Las Vegas would be glad to send a man to attend the
school, and in all probability it would be Mr. Mackey, chief of Police.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Thursday the 11th day of February, at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor.
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 11th, 1937/

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 11th day of February, 1937 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Perry,
City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas heretofore advertised for
bids for the construction of street improvements upon the project designated "Las Vegas 1937
Improvement District No. 3" and designated also "PWA Docket No. Nevada 1021-D," the said adver-
tisement having been published in all issues of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal newspaper
commencing on the 23rd day of January, 1937, and concluding on the 6th day of February, 3-937,
Affidavit of Publication having been filed with the Board, and

WHEREAS, in response to the said advertisement the following bids upon the said project

were made according to plans, specifications and contract documents heretofore approved by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

BIDDERS	AMOUNTS OF BIDS

Bebek & Brkich	$68,290.00

Pacific Construction Co.	69,760.00

J.c. Compton Co.	72,330.00, and

WHEREAS, NICK BEBEK & JACK BRKICH, A Co-partners, doing business under the firm name and
style of "Bebek & Brkich", being the best responsible bidder, that is to say, having agreed
to perform the said construction work for the sum of Sixty-eight Thousand Two Hundred Ninety
Dollars ($68,290.00), excluding alternate numbered "ONE", now, therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED: That the said bid of the said Bebek & Brkich, Co-partners, be and the
same hereby is accepted for the construction work excluding alternate number "ONE"; That the
Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to sign for and on behalf of the City
of Las Vegas all necessary contract documents with the said Bebek & Brkich, Co-partners,
for the performance of the said construction, agreeably with contract documents, plans and
specifications heretofore approved, excluding alternate number "ONE", in the sum of SIXTY-
EIGHT THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED NINETY DOLLARS ($68,290.00).

Vote on the Resolution was Commissioners	Krause and Perry and His Honor the Mayor

voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the Clerk forthwith forward a letter to Bebek & Brkich, co-partners, registered mail,
special delivery informing them that their company had been awarded the contract for street
improvement work in the City of Las Vegas and that work on the same must be commenced not
later than the 15th day of February, 1937.

Vote on the above motion was Commissioners Down, Krause and Perry and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Messrs. Harrington, Allen and Cirtis appeared before the Board of Commissioners at this
time in regard to the City's anticipated blanket fire insurance policy covering all buildings
owned by the City.

These gentlemen were ask to submit forms of policies from their respective companies
so that the same might be given consideration.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 15th day of February, at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 15th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of February, 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present were Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry, City Attorney and City
Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk forward a letter in the following form to the Colorado River Commission:

February 15, 1937

The Colorado River Commission
Carson City, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

Heretofore and on the 5th day of October, 1935, the City of Las Vegas made application
to your honorable body for an allotment of power for the City's use.
Thereafter this application came on for hearing before your body, at which time the Com-
mission ruled, among other things, that it was of the opinion from the showing that the City
of Las Vegas was not at that time legally authorized to acquire the facilities for using the
power, and the Commission, upon such finding, ordered "that the Commission will continue the
hearing for a reasonable time to permit the applicant to qualify by following the statutory
steps necessary to show to the satisfaction of the Commission that the applicant will be in
a position to use the Boulder Dam Power for which application is made."

Since this ruling the matter involving the legality of the plant has been fully deter-
mined by the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada in the case entitled "Ronnow vs. the City
of Las Vegas," the decision in this case having been filed on the fifth of February, 1937.

The City is now ready to proceed with the construction of this plant as soon as its bonds
can be sold for that purpose.

We, therefore, respectfully request your body to set the earliest practicable date for
a resumption of the hearing upon this application and that thereupon an allotment be made
to the City agreeable with our former application.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
BY VIOLA BURNS

City Clerk.

Vote upon the sending of the above letter was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the City of Las Vegas pay C.D.Baker ,City Engineer, the sum of Seventy-five ($75.00)
Dollars for rent of engineering equipment used on various City engineering projects.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Cragin and Pike, Inc; write the blanket insurance covering all rolling stock owned by the
City of Las Vegas. That the premium on said insurance be equally divided among the qualified
insurance agents in he City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Hoard at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday he 19th day of February, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.



