





WHEREAS, said Board considers it necessary, desirable, and for the
best interests of the City, to take the steps provided by law for the organization
of an assessment district and the construction therein of said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said Board by Ordinance No. 66l, passed, adopted and approved
the 8th day of September, 1955, declared its determination to make certain public
improvements as herein provided, to create Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 1OO-36 for the purpose of making said improvements, to defray the entire cost and
expense thereof by special assessments made according to benefits, and fixed a time
in which protests against the proposed improvements or the creation of such Dis-
trict might be heard and considered by said Board, and directed notice thereof
to be given; and

WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the
manner prescribed by Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 66l and by Section 57;

Chapter II, Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed
have not filed written objections concerning the making of said improvements, the
creation of said District, or the defraying of the entire cost and expense by
special assessments; and

WHEREAS, objections, suggestions, comments and questions were made or
raised at said protest hearing as follows:	None.

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the
creation of said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 1OO-36, and now
desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES
ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special Assess-
ment District in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be called and designated Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-36, which shall include all the lots, premises
and property within said improvement district to their full depth; and the boundaries
of said district, all within the City of Las Vegas, are described as follows; to-wit:

Beginning at a point which is the Southwesterly comer of Block 7 of the
Amended Original Las Vegas Townsite, thence Westwardly across "H" Street and
continuing Westwardly along the North right-of-way of Bonanza Road, a dis-
tance of two hundred eighty (280) feet to a point, thence Northwardly two
hundred eighty (280) feet distance from and parallel to the Easterly line
of "H" Street, a distance of two hundred (200) feet to a point, thence
Northwardly and two hundred eighty (280) feet distance along a line and
parallel to the Easterly line of "H" Street and including all property
fronting on the Westerly side of "H" Street for a depth of two hundred (200)
feet or to the rear boundaries of such property fronting "H" Street, which-
ever distance may be the lesser, excepting therefrom all of Marble Manor,
continuing Northwardly along the last described course to its intersection
with the Westwardly prolongation of a line lying two hundred eighty (280)
feet Northwardly and parallel to the Northern Boundary of H.F.M.&M. Addi-
tion, running thence from said intersection Eastwardly along the said pro-
longation and the line two hundred eighty (280) feet Northerly and parallel
to H.F.M.&M. Addition, including all property fronting on the Northerly side
of Owens Avenue for a depth of two hundred (200) feet or to the rear boun-
daries of such property fronting on Owens Avenue, whichever distance may be
the lesser, to a point 466.7 feet West of City Limits which follows North-
South Center line of Section 22, T20S, R61E, thence Southerly and parallel
to and 466.7 feet West of said North-South City Limits, a distance of two
hundred eighty (280) feet to the South line of Section 22, thence Easterly
along the South line of Section 22, a distance of 466.7 feet to the South-
east comer of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section 22, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M,
said point being the Northeast comer of Valley View Addition; thence East-
wardly along the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas to a point which is
the intersection of a line two hundred (200) feet Easterly of, and parallel
to the East line of "A" Street; thence Southwardly along said line two hun-
dred (200) feet Eastwardly and parallel to the Easterly line of "A" Street,
including all property fronting on the Easterly side of "A" Street for a
depth of two hundred (200) feet or to the rear boundaries of such property
fronting on "A" Street, whichever distance may be the lesser; to an inter-
section with the Westerly right-of-way of the Union Pacific Railroad; thence
Southwestwardly along the Westerly right-of-way line of the Union Pacific Rail-
road to its intersection with the South line of Lot 9; Block 33 as shown in
the Book 1 of Plats, page 17B of the Amended Original Las Vegas Townsite,
in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, thence West
along said South line with its intersection of "A" Street as shown thereon,
thence continuing West to the Northeast corner of Lot 8, Block 2 of Amended
Original Las Vegas Townsite, thence West along the North line thereof to
the Northwest comer of Lot 8, thence continuing West to the Northeast cor-
ner of Lot 3; Block 2 of Amended Original Las Vegas Townsite, thence South
along the East line of Lot 3 to its intersection with the North right-of-way
line of Bonanza Road, thence West along the North right-of-way of Bonanza
Road to the Southwesterly corner of Block 7 of Amended Original Las Vegas
Townsite, the true point of beginning.

SECTION 2. That the streets and parts of streets hereinafter described
shall be improved by grading and constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement
and by constructing on both sides of said streets and parts of streets concrete
curbs, gutters, and concrete valley gutters on certain streets and parts of streets

9-21-55
wherever said improvements are missing, together with such appurtenances as may
be required, as more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the
work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the streets and parts of streets which are to be
so improved, wherever said improvements are missing, are the following:

OWENS AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H" Street to the center line
of "B" Street; HARRISON AVENUE, VAN BUREN AVENUE, JACKSON AVENUE,

MONROE AVENUE, MADISON AVENUE, WASHINGTON AVENUE, AND MORGAN AVENUE
from the Westerly line of "H" Street to the Easterly line of "A"

Street; ADAMS AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H" Street to the
Easterly line of "D" Street and from the Westerly line of "C" Street
to the Easterly line of "A" Street; MCWILLIAMS AVENUE from the Westerly
line of "H" Street to the Westerly right-of-way line of the Union
Pacific Railroad; WILSON AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H" Street
to the Westerly line of the Union Pacific Railroad; "H" STREET, "G"

STREET, "F" STREET, "E" STREET, "D" STREET, AND "C" STREET from the
northerly line of Bonanza Road to the Northerly line of Owens Avenue;

"B" STREET from its intersection at "A" Street to the Northerly line
of Owens Avenue; "A" STREET from the South line of the East-West alley
in Block 2, Original Las Vegas Townsite as recorded in Book 1, Page 46,
of Plats, Clark County Records, to an intersection with the Eastwardly
projection of the South line of Owens Avenue.

SECTION 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements,
including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys,
plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation
properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by
special assessments made according to the benefits against the owners and the
assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements
and included within said District proportionately to the benefits received. The
entire cost and expense of making said improvements are deemed to be $710,104.75
and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment
upon any such lot or premises exceed 100% of the value of such lot or premises
as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation,
but such cost in excess of 100% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid
out of the General Fund.

SECTION 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State
of Nevada, the Acting Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith,
an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced within the afore-
mentioned Special Assessment District, such relative portion of the whole sum to
be levied in said District, as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit re-
sulting to such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

SECTION 7. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed
the assessment, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certi-
ficate endorsed on the assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the form
prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been pre-
pared and reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk,
and numbered.

SECTION 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and con-
firmed by said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection
thereto with the City Clerk on or before Wednesday, the 19th day of October, 1955,
at 8:00 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are
hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County
Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to
said special, assessment roll and to review said assessment.

SECTION 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the
City Clerk, she shall publish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio
City Assessor will meet to review the assessments at least once a week for two
weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City
of Las Vegas. Said notice shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments
as aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall
meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any
objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself
aggrieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same
as to any assessment or description of the premises appearing therein, and may con-
firm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the
assessment back to said Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and
direct a new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the
City Clerk shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation
which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

9-21-55
SECTION 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved
as herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall there-
upon deliver to said County Assessor, Acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the assess-
ment roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such
confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, Acting Ex-Officio
City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such assessment
roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such record-
ing, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the
contents of such assessment roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all
courts and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the
making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and assessment roll.

SECTION 14. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall
from the date of confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the
respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special assessments thereafter
shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed
until paid.

SECTION 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office
of the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, Acting Ex-Officio City Treasurer
and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within two weeks
after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and
without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at
the election of the owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter
provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said
period of two weeks shall be conclusively considered and held an election on the
part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in
such installments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid
assessments shall be payable at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in
ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which in-
stallments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of
November, 1956, and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable
successively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in
full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal
from the 1st day of November, 1955, at the same rate of interest as that provided
for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and
delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually
at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of
interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of November, 1956, and the
remainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the
1st day of November in each thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether
of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal
to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal
and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum
per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale,
the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at
ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be re-
stored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if de-
fault had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any
installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal
with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date. Each assessment,
together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark
County, Acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized
and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the
same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County
Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collec-
tor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same,
all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are
collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest,
when collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improve-
ment Assessment District No. 1OO-36 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such
shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated
to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon,
to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying
in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to
payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be
used for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and
approved, said Ex-Officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person
known to said Ex-Officio City Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment roll,
by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied against said
person and the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 1OO-36 and shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of
this Ordinance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of
said City, directed toward the paving, curbing and guttering, and installing
concrete valley gutters on certain streets and parts of streets therein and other-
wise improving certain streets and parts of streets in said Street Improvement
Assessment District No. 1OO-36, toward the creation of said District, and toward
levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof be,
and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or
parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this or-
dinance, are hereby repealed.

9-21-55
SECTION 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses
or parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, he questioned or he held
invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining
provisions of this ordinance, hut shall he confined in its operation to the
specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held
unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any
section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more
instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and
validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 21. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the
City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the
City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds
to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency
exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of
the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week
for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption,
in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City,
and this ordinance shall became effective immediately following the second
publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.

The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called
with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None.	Absent:	None

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Fountain,
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are
hereby, suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and
read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Foun-
tain seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordin-
ance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon
its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read
and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion. The
question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

9-21-55
The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted
in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed
and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 665.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution

NO. 100-36	authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improve-

Resolution Authorizing 	  ments in Assessment District No. IOO-36 will be opened October 19, 1955:

Call for Construction

Bids	WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have

	taken steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emer-

gency Ordinance No. 665, passed, adopted and approved this 21st day of Sep-
tember, 1955; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City
Clerk to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings
heretofore taken to construct said improvements by special assessment.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of September,

1955; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is
hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive
bids for furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service for installing
paving, curbing and guttering in And along certain streets and portions of streets
in Special Assessment District No. 1OO-36, as created by Emergency Ordinance No. 665, in the City of 

Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of
bids for said construction by publication on September 28, October 5 and October
12, 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said con-
struction will be received until 8:00 P.M. on Wednesday, the 19th day of October,

1955; at which time said bids will be opened.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of

NO. 200-17	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and hear and consider any

-Public Hearing on	suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed

Creation of District 	 	  improvements, or any matters relating thereto, in the proposed Sewer Assessment

District No. 200-17 in said City as provided in Emergency Ordinance No. 660 passed,
adopted and approved the 8th day of September, 1955; and the notice prescribed there-
in. The Mayor then asked if any written objections, suggestions or comments con-
cerning said District had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City
Clerk answered that no objections, suggestions or comments concerning said District
had been filed in her office prior to said meeting, and she filed a certificate with
the Board of Commissioners to that effect.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objection, suggestion
or comment, or raise any question, concerning said District. There were no objections
voiced.

Emergency Ordinance	Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following emergency

No. 666	ordinance, which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE CREATING SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO.
200-17; PROVIDING PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER ALONG CERTAIN
STREETS, AND ALLEYS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS AND ALLEYS AND EASEMENTS THEREIN; PRO-
VIDING FOR SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS ACCORDING TO BENEFITS TO DEFRAY THE STATED ENTIRE
COST THEREOF; DIRECTING THE PREPARATION OF AN ASSESSMENT ROLL AND THE REPORTING OF
THE SAME TO THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS; PROVIDING FOR FILING OF SAID ROLL WITH THE
CITY CLERK; PROVIDING A TIME AND PLACE TO REVIEW SAID ASSESSMENTS AND NOTIFICATION
THEREOF; PROVIDING FOR THE CORRECTION, AND/OR CONFIRMATION AND APPROVAL OF SAID ROLL
THEREAT OR THEREAFTER; PROVIDING FOR THE ENDORSEMENT ON SAID ROLL OF SAID CONFIRMATION
AND APPROVAL; PROVIDING FOR THE DELIVERY OF SAID APPROVED ROLL TO THE EX-OFFICIO CITY
ASSESSOR; PROVIDING THAT SAID ASSESSMENT SHALL CONSTITUTE A LIEN; PRESCRIBING THE
METHOD OF PAYING SAID ASSESSMENTS AND THE INTEREST THEREON; PROVIDING FOR THE DIS-
POSITION OF SAID ASSESSMENTS; DIRECTING THE NOTIFICATION BY MAIL WHEN AND WHERE SAID
ASSESSMENT IS DUE AND PAYABLE; RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CONFIRMING ALL ACTION HERE-
TOFORE TAKEN TOWARD MAKING SAID IMPROVEMENT IN SAID DISTRICT, TOWARDS ITS CREATION
AND TOWARD LEVYING AND EFFECTING SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RE-
LATING THERETO; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

9-21-55
WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark and State of Nevada, deems it expedient and for the best interests
of said City to make certain improvements therein by installing along certain
streets, alleys and easements, and portions of streets, alleys and easements
therein, hereinafter more particularly described, a sanitary sever, composed of
vitrified clay pipe; and

WHEREAS, said Board deems it expedient and desirable to create Sanitary
Sever Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17 for the purpose of making said
improvements, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assess-
ments made according to benefits against the owners and the assessable lots, premises
and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said
district proportionately to the benefits received; and

WHEREAS, there is not included within said district any public or other
property against which a valid special assessment cannot be levied by said City;
and

WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment
upon any lot or premises for said improvements exceed one hundred percent of the
value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll
for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of
Las Vegas, it is fair and equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be borne
by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, said Board by Ordinance No. 660, passed, adopted and approved the
8th day of September, 1955; declared its determination to make certain public improve-
ments as herein provided, to create Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District
No. 200-17, for the purpose of making said improvements, to defray the entire cost
and expense thereof by special assessments made according to benefits, and fixed a
time in which protests against the proposed improvements or the creation of such
District might be heard and considered by said Board, and directed notice thereof
to be given; and

WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the manner
prescribed by Section 7, of said Ordinance No. 660 and by Section 57, Chapter II,
Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the frontage to be assessed have
not filed written objections concerning the making of said improvements, the creation
of said District, or the defraying of the entire cost and expense by special
assessments; and

WHEREAS, objections, suggestions, comments and questions were made or
raised at said protest hearing as follows:	None.

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the
creation of said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17, and now
desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES
ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION.1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assess-
ment district in the City of Las Vegas, to be called and designated Sanitary
Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17, which shall include all the lots,
premises and property within said improvement district to their full depth; and
the boundaries of said district, all within the City of Las Vegas, as described
as follows:

All the property included in Blocks 24, 25, 26, Valley View Addition.

All of Block 21, Valley View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7. All of
Block 20, Valley View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7. All of Block 27,

Valley View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7. All of Block 28, Valley
View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7; and all property included in the
following described boundary:

From the northwest comer of the intersection of "H" Street (80
feet in width) with Washington Avenue (70 feet in width) which is the
true point of beginning; thence westwardly along the northerly line of
Washington Avenue a distance of 497.56 feet to a point; thence north-
wardly normal, to the last described course a distance of 110 feet to a
point thence eastwardly, parallel to Washington Avenue a distance of
110 feet to a point; thence northwardly, normal to Washington Avenue
a distance of 189.35 feet to a point in the south line of Adams Avenue;
thence eastwardly along the south line of Adams Avenue a distance of 392.56
feet to the westerly line of "H" Street (80 feet in width);thence south-
wardly along the said westerly line of "H" Street to the true point of
beginning, all lying in the S½ of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 28, T20S,

R6lE, MDB&M, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.

SECTION 2. That the said sewer improvements shall be made by installing a
sanitary sewer in and along certain streets and alleys and portions of streets and
alleys and easements therein, said sewer to be composed of vitrified clay pipe, to-
gether with such appurtenances as may be required, as is more particularly shown by
the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved, now on file
in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the streets and alleys and parts of streets and alleys
and easements in and along which the Board proposes to install vitrified clay pipe
are the following:

9-21-55
East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 24 and 26 Valley View Addition.

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 20, 21, 26, 27 and 28 Valley View
Addition, from the easterly line of Lot 6 of each Block eastwardly
to the existing sewer in "A" Street.

ADAMS AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, 390 feet Westerly;
WASHINGTON AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, $00 feet
Westerly.

"H" STREET from the intersection of Washington Avenue to the inter-
section of Adams Avenue.

The East-West alley bisecting Block 32, HFM&M Addition from the
center line of "H" Street, 79½ feet eastwardly to an existing sewer
in said alley.

SECTION 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements,
including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys,
plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation properly
charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special
assessments made according to the benefits against the owners and the assessable
lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included
within said District, proportionately to the benefits received. The entire cost and
expense of making said improvements are deemed to be $19,942.30 and the total of the
special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment
upon any such lot or premises exceed 100% of the value of such lot or premises as
shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation,
but such cost in excess of 100% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid
out of the General Fund.

SECTION 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of
Nevada, the acting Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall
prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, an
assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, and shall assess each lot or parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned
special assessment district with such relative portion of the whole amount to be
levied in said district, as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting
to such lot or parcel of land from the Improvement.

SECTION 7. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed
the assessment, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the 

assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the form pre-
scribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been pre-
pared and reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk,
and numbered.

SECTION 9. That before said special, assessment roll is adopted and confirmed
by said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto
with the City Clerk on or before Wednesday, the 19th day of October, 1955; at 8:00
o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are hereby
fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and
Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special
assessment roll and to review said assessments.

SECTION 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City
Clerk, she shall publish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio City
Assessor will meet to review the assessments at least once a week for two weeks in
the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas.
Said notice shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as
aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet
and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any objection
to said assessments, which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved there-
by, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assess-
ment or description of the premises as appearing therein, and may confirm and approve
it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment back to said
Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment in
which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the
City Clerk shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation,
which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as
herein provided, it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon
deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the Assessment
Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such con-
firmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City
Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll
in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of such recording,
whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents
of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and

9-21-55
tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making
thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.

SECTION l4. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall
from the date of confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the
respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special assessments there-
after shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land
assessed until paid.

SECTION 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the
office of the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-Officio
City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
within two weeks after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved,
without interest and without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any
part thereof, may, at the election of the owner, be paid in installments, with
interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any
part thereof, within said period of two weeks shall be conclusively considered
and held an election on the part of all persons interested, whether under
disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such election
to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of
the said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments
of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and pay-
able on or before the 1st day of November, 1956, and the remainder of said in-
stallments shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in
each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the
unpaid and deferred installments or principal from the 1st day of November, 1955;
at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment
bonds to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed
seven percentum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-Officio
City Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the
said 1st day of November, 1956, and the remainder of said annual installments of
interest being due and payable on the 1st day of November in each year thereafter.
Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall
cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately,
and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall there-
after bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale,
but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all
unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all
penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay
in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner
of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time,
pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next
interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the
tax roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the
County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las
Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said
County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said
tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer
and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and
directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as
other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest,
when collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Sanitary Sewer
Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17" and as such shall at all times con-
stitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of
the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter
authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost
or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for
the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for
any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and
approved, said Ex-Officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person
known to said Ex-Officio City Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment
roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied
against said person and the designated property in said Sanitary Sewer Improve-
ment Assessment District No. 200-17, and shall state therein when and where said
assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this
ordinance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City,
directed toward the making of said improvements by installing a sanitary sewer
along certain streets, alleys and easements and portions of streets, alleys and
easements therein in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17,
toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special
assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified,
approved and confirmed.

SECTION 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or
parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed.

SECTION 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or
parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the

9-21-55
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this
ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way
the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 21. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the
City of Las Vegas is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City
and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to
extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency
exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of
the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week
for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in
the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall became effective immediately following the second publication
hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.

The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with
the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Fountain, that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and
adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby suspended for
the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said emergency ordinance
at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Fountain
seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of said ordinance upon
its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its
final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read
and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion. The
question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called
with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioners having voted in favor
thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an
emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 666.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

9-21-55
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution

NO. 200-17	authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improve-

Resolution Authorizing 	  ments in Assessment District No. 200-17 will be opened October 19, 1955:

Call for Construction

Bids	WHEREAS; the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken

	steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Or-

dinance No. 666; passed; adopted and approved this 21st day of September; 1955; and

WHEREAS; the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City,

Clerk to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings
heretofore taken to construct said improvements by special assessment;

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of September;
1955; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is
hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids for furnishing of labor; 

material; transportation and service for installing
a sanitary sewer in and along certain streets and alleys and portions of streets
and alleys and easements in Special Assessment District No. 200-17; as created
by Emergency Ordinance No. 666; in the City of Las Vegas; Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of
bids for said construction by publication on September 28; October 5 and October
12; 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun; a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said construc-
tion will be received until 8:00 P.M. on Wednesday; the 19th day of October; 1955;
at which time said bids will be opened.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that said Notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of September; 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of E. L. Joseph-

Rezoning	son and V. D. Eachus to reclassify an area generally described as a portion of the

Josephson & Eachus	SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 21; T20S; R6lE; MDB&M; the matter was considered by

the Board. This application was approved by the Planning Commission subject to
dedication of streets in accordance with the Master Plan of Streets and Highways.

A public hearing held on August 17; 1955 and September 7; 1955 was continued until
this time.

It was the decision of the Board to hold this matter in abeyance.

LICENSE REVOCATION	Mr. Larry F. Coe was present to show cause why the business license of the El Vegas

El Vegas Roller Rink 		  Roller Rink; 222 W. Charleston Boulevard; should not be revoked. The police re-
port of September 6, 1955 indicated that there were two complaints received con-
cerning Mr. Coe's lewd acts upon their daughters; as related by the parents.

Mr. Robert Callister; representing Mr. Coe; stated that his client has been charged
as set forth and had entered a plea of not guilty. He further stated that; as in-
structed; Mr. Coe had not been near the roller rink day or night since the charge.

He asked the commission to withhold action until it has been determined whether or
not Mr. Coe is guilty of the charge.

Commissioner interrogated Mr. Callister; who is running the roller rink at the
present time. He was informed that Mrs. Coe was in charge of the business but that
if necessary Mr. Smith would be able and willing to take charge of it. Mr. Cal-
lister stated that both Mr. Coe and Mr. Smith have families of their own and that
it would entail a great financial loss to them if their license is revoked. He
further stated that the preliminary hearing on Mr. Coe's case had been set for
September 30th; and that he believed the charge would be dismissed at that time.

Mrs. Coe said that they were making their home in Las Vegas and that she had been
operating a roller rink for sixteen years.

Commissioner Whipple moved the business license of the El Vegas Roller Rink be
issued in the name of Mr. Morey Smith and that he be responsible for the operation
and proper conduct of the business; subject to the usual police investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LICENSE REVOCATION	Mr. David Zenoff appeared before the Board at this time representing John and Rita

Buckley's	Buckley who were present to show cause why their gaming license for Buckley's;

P. J., John & Rita	20 Fremont; should not be revoked. The Police and License Departments reports

Buckley	indicated that free beer was being given to customers without the benefit of a

liquor license. Mr. Zenoff stated that Mr. P. J. Buckley was in Chicago at this
time; engaged in the operation of a factory.

Mr. Zenoff further stated that Rita Buckley did serve free beer; averaging about ten
cans a day; but that it was an unintentional violation of the law. Upon the serving
of the notice; she had immediately stopped serving free drinks and would not do so
in the future. Mr. Zenoff said that the Buckleys had an investment of $75,000 in
the business and could not afford to lose their license.

9-21-55
Commissioner Sharp said that P. J., John and Rita Buckley should familiarize
themselves with this ordinance. No further action was taken by the Board.

LICENSE REVOCATION	At this time Mr. W. Howard Adams was present to show cause why his gambling

Eldorado Arcade	license for the Eldorado Arcade, 4 Fremont Street, should not be revoked. The

W. Howard. Adams	Police and License Departments reports indicated that juveniles were being

	permitted to play the slot machines at this location.

Mr. Herb Jones, representing Mr. Adams, stated that this arcade was a novelty
shop and that it was difficult to watch the slot machines which were situated
in the front of the arcade. He stated that these slot machines had been re-
arranged so that they could be more easily observed, and that his client would
see that his employee is aware of the laws.

His Honor asked if Mrs. Napton still worked at the Eldorado Arcade. Mr. Jones
stated that she did.

Mayor Baker said that Mrs. Napton had advised the Police Department that she did
not know what was required to ascertain the age of a person playing the slot
machines.

Mr Jones said that if it were the wish of the Commission, Mrs. Napton would be
discharged.

Commissioner Bunker stated that it would be up to them to see that someone
watched the slot machines; and that if it were necessary to request them to appear
before the Commission again their license would be revoked.

ANNEXATION	At this time the Board considered the petition of Charles J. Lewis and Walter De-

Charles J. Lewis &	Courcey for annexation of NE¼, NW¼ and the S½, NW¼ and the N½, SW¼ of Section 30,

Walter DeCourcey	T20S, R62E, MDB&M. This petition was approved by the Planning Commission. The

	matter was deferred from August 17, 1955 to secure additional owner's signature,

letter from the Las Vegas Valley Water District and proposal for provision of
access street to subdivision.

Mr. Lewis and Mr. DeCourcey agreed to provide an access street of approximately
one mile and to hook onto the sewer which has a lift station at the present time.
They further agreed that when the new plant is installed, and they can use the
gravity flow line, they will connect to this facility.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the petition of Charles J. Lewis and Walter De-
Courcey for annexation of NE¼, NW¼ and the S½, NW¼ and the N½, SW¼ of Section 30,
T20S, R62E, MDB&M, be approved subject to the signing of an agreement concerning
the access road and the sewer disposal system.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

USE PERMIT	Mr. David Zenoff appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the Jewish

Jewish Community	Community Center. He stated that they had endeavored to find a suitable location

Center	for the center and had found a 17 acre parcel just this side of the new Methodist

U-31-55	Church at 17th and Oakey. He said that their purchase of this land was conditioned

	upon their getting a use permit from the Commission, and that if they did not

sign the contract within 60 days they would lose the land.

Mr. Zenoff further stated that Thursday night was the annual meeting of the Syna-
gogue and he would like to be able to bring them the good news of the granting of
the use permit so that they could hold the ground breaking ceremony on Sunday.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this use permit be granted subject to recommenda-
tion of the Board of Adjustment and the signing of an agreement to install public
improvements including paving, curbs, gutters and sidewalks, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 21st day of September, 1955; having considered
the application of the Jewish Community Center for a use permit to construct a syna-
gogue and classrooms including parking area on property located at the NW corner
of 17th Street and Oakey Boulevard (404' x 500'), in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application
of the Jewish Community Center for a use permit to construct a synagogue and class-
rooms including parking area on property located at the NW corner of 17th Street
and Oakey Boulevard (404' x 500'), in an R-1 zone be approved subject to recommenda-
tions of the Board of Adjustment and the signing of an agreement to install public
improvements including paving, curbs, gutters and sidewalks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unanimously.

At the hour of 8:15 P.M. the Board recessed, reconvening at 8:30 P.M. with all
members present as of the opening session.

USE PERMIT	At this time the Board considered the application of Ola Gamer to develop and

Ola Gamer	operate a trailer court on property situated at 1417 North H Street. This applica-

U-29-55	tion was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to the amended plot plan and

	the installation of a four foot block fence.

9-21-55
His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Ola Gamer to develop and
operate a trailer court on property situated at 1417 North H Street be approved
subject to the conditions imposed by the Planning Commission, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 21st day of September, 1955, having
considered the application of Ola Gamer to develop and operate a trailer court
on property situated at 1417 North H Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Ola Gamer to develop and operate a trailer court on property situated at 1417
North H Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Carl M. Belding, et al, to
reclassify Lots 1 and 2, Block 8, amended Map of Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-l and
R-3 to R-4. This application was denied by the Planning Commission on the grounds
that it would eventually lead to reclassification of all of Mayfair Tract, which is
designed for single-family homes.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing be set for October 19, 1955, on the
application of Carl M. Belding, et al, to reclassify Lots 1 and 2, Block 8, amended
Map of Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-1 and R-3 to R-4 and Lot 32, Block 1, Mayfair
Tract No. 1 from R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Earl Turmon for reclassi-
fication of Lot 11, Block 21, HFM&M Addition on Jackson Street between "F" and
G Streets from R-3 to C-2. This application was denied by the Planning Commission
on the grounds that it would be "spot zoning".

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing be set for October 19, 1955 on the
application of Earl Turmon for reclassification of Lot 11, Block 21, HFM&M Addition
on Jackson Street between "F" and"G" Streets from R-3 to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Lloyd St. John for reclassifi-
cation of N½, SW½, Sec. 29, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to R-3-T. This application
was denied by the Planning Commission as being incompatible with an R-1 residential
area which is adjacent. Protests were made by Twin Lakes Property Owners Association
and from Thomas Sharp, owner of the land Mr. St. John is leasing. A letter was re-
ceived from Mr. St. John requesting that this matter be deferred for a month.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing be set for October 19, 1955 on the

application of Lloyd St. John for reclassification of N½, SW½ Section 29, T20S. R6lE MDB&M
from R-1 to R-3-T.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the tentative map of Decatur Heights.

This map was conditionally approved by the Planning Commission subject to redesign
of the westerly edge so that building lots will back up to Decatur Boulevard, and
agreement to dedicate five acres to the School District.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the tentative map of Decatur Heights be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Howard Cannon stated that he had written the property owners on the
right-of-way for Decatur Boulevard along Las Vegas Square Subdivision, and had had
replies from two of them. They stated that they were unwilling to dedicate the
required right-of-way. He further stated that there were eight 25 ft. lots in-
volved on this street, and he would like to know if the Commission wanted to go
ahead by condemnation. The City needs 50 ft. on the west side of Decatur to meet
a 150 ft. right-of-way.

Commissioner Sharp moved that condemnation proceedings be started by the City

Attorney for the right-of-way for Decatur Boulevard along Las Vegas Square Sub-
division.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING

Carl M. Belding, et al
Z-27-55

REZONING
Earl Turmon

Z-21-55

REZONING

Lloyd St. John

Z-28-55



TENTATIVE MAP
 Decatur Heights

CONDEMNATION

Decatur Boulevard
NOTICE AND PROOF	At this time City Attorney Howard Cannon requested authorization to sign notice

OF LOSS	and proof of loss on fire damage to Police Car No. 104. This fire loss occurred

Police Car No. 104	August 29, 1955 in the amount of $20.20.



Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney's request for authorization to sign
notice and proof of loss on fire damage to Police Car No. 104 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	City Attorney Howard Cannon presented a resolution on the creation of Assessment

No. 200-13	District No. 200-13 for sewer improvement for Bonanza Village.

Bonanza Village

Improvement	Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be instructed to prepare the necessary

Sewers	plans and specifications for the installation of sewers in this area to be known

as Assessment District No. 200-13 and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has
been and still is without adequate sewers and sewerage facilities; and

WHEREAS, a petition dated January 24, 1955 requesting the installation
of a sanitary sewer system in the Bonanza Village Tract to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is desirous
that the citizens of the above described area have the advantages of a sanitary
sewer system; and

WHEREAS, it appears that a sanitary sewer system can be installed in
and along the streets and alleys, or portions of streets and alleys.

AND, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of September, 1955;
that the City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the
City Clerk plats, diagrams, plans of the work and locality to be improved, together
with the estimates of cost for the installation of a sanitary sewer system in the
following area hereinafter described, to wit:

A certain parcel of land, lying and being situate in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the
Northwest (¼) of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 6l East, M.D.

B.&M., and being more particularly described as follows, to wit:

All of the Bonanza Village Tract as shown by map thereof on file
in Book 2 of Plats, Page 69, in the Office of the County Recorder,

Clark County, Nevada being bound by the center lines of Harrison
Avenue to the North, Highland Avenue, also known as Sunny Place,
to the East, Washington Avenue to the South and Tonopah Drive to
the West. Save and except those parcels or lots in the aforementioned
Subdivision now being served by sewers.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

FINAL MAP	At this time the Board considered the final map of Glen Heather Subdivision No. 2.

Glen Heather	The agreement and bond had been received and checked by the City Attorney and the

Subdivision No. 2	required letter from the utility companies received. This map was referred back to

the developer because of the paving on Rancho Drive.

It was recommended by Mr. Franklin Bills that the agreement be confined to Unit No. 2
since C-C zoning was granted on the intersection of San Francisco and Rancho Drive,
with off-site improvements to be installed; Unit No. 3 has not been subdivided and no
right-of-way dedicated. They will put in base gravel and the City will pave the other
10 feet.

No action was taken on this matter at this time.

QUITCLAIM DEED	Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Attorney be authorized to secure a quitclaim

25TH STREET	deed from Richard and Violet Swartz for 25th Street, and to give the $2,000 to Mr.

Richard and Violet	and Mrs. Swartz when the deed is presented.

Swartz

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSE MOVING	Commissioner Sharp moved that the application of Norman Jones to move a small struc-

Norman Jones	ture from the 300 block of West Bonanza to the rear of 808 West Bonanza be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; Mayor Baker not voting.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS 	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for licenses for the retail
	sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

EL CORTEZ HOTEL	600 Fremont	Sutton Vending

EL TORRO CAFE	504 Jackson	Sutton Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

9-21-55
Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 6083 to 6557 in the net
amount of $60,117.22 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 4234 to 44ll
inclusive in the total amount of $105,465.53 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of September 7, 8 and 9, 1955 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy stated that he had a request from the owners of the new
building on 1st and Fremont that they be allowed to use the sidewalk and street
way on 1st and Fremont. They will leave a 7 foot walk on Fremont and a 5 foot
walk on 1st Street. They also request permission to put in a sidewalk elevator,
or freight elevator, into the basement of the building, back toward the alley.

The Commission indicated this request should be granted but that further applica-
tions be handled by the Building Department so long as they conform to the policy
that the construction extend no further than 7 feet on Fremont and 8 feet on the
side streets.

City Manager Kennedy said that he had a request from Chief of Police George Allen
to attend the Police Conference in Philadelphia from October 2nd to 6th, 1955.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Chief of Police George Allen be granted permission
to attend the police conference in Philadelphia from October 2nd to 6th, 1955, and
expenses of $330.00 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had received a bid of $200.00 from Mr. W. P. McCreary
and Mr. Claude Crow to tear down and move the Wildcat Lair Building. He also had
a request from the School Board that no action be taken on moving this building
until a meeting of a full school board could be held.

He further stated that he received a letter from the Catholic Church stating that
they would like to move the building to North Las Vegas for use of their parish
there.

Mr. Kennedy stated that it was his recommendation that the building should be tom
down or moved out of the city.

Mr. McCreary said that he and Mr. Crow would withdraw their bid of $200.00 for
moving the Wildcat Lair Building after 30 days.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this matter be held in abeyance until the next
Board meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy said that the county assessor has been given a number of
city maps. He asked the decision of the Board as to whether the maps should be
sold or given to the county assessor.

It was the decision of the Board that the county assessor be given the maps.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that the municipal judge's salary be increased to $500.00
a month. He stated that this amount has been covered in the budget.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the municipal judge's salary be increased to $500.00
a month effective October 1, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy stated that at the intersection of 25th, Fremont and Charles-
ton, the contractor who was putting in traffic signals for the State Highway De-
partment offered to put in conduits for street lights. This would cost the city
about $2,500.00, or approximately half what it would cost if it is installed at
a future date.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted
and that $2,500.00 be allocated for the installation of conduits for street
lights at the intersection of 25th, Fremont and Charleston.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL

WARRANTS



MINUTES

SIDEWALK USE

1st & Fremont Building

CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE
Police Chief

WILDCAT LAIR BUILDING
	Moving

CITY MAPS

County Assessor

MUNICIPAL JUDGE

Salary Increase

STREET LIGHT CONDUITS
	25th, Fremont and
Charleston
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy said that he had an offer from Gaudin Motors to pay the City
$850.00 for eight pieces of used motor equipment.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted
and that the offer of Gaudin Motors to pay $850.00 for the eight pieces of used
motor equipment be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

City Manager Kennedy requested that the Director of Finance be authorized to sign
claims on damage of City equipment up to $500.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Director of Finance be authorized to sign
claims on damage of City equipment up to $500.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy said that Mr. F. E. Searway had offered a parking lot at 400 South 2nd Street, but that it 

would cost $4,000.00 to improve the lot at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved that this matter be deferred.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a public hearing on the proposed amendment to the
liquor ordinance be set for the regular meeting of the Board on October 19, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
planning commission ordinance (use permit, variance and rezoning) requested addi-
tional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING THE LICENSING OF PRIVATE DETECTIVES;

DEFINING PRIVATE DETECTIVES; REQUIRING PAYMENT OF A LICENSE FEE; PROVIDING FOR AP-
PLICATIONS FOR PRIVATE DETECTIVE LICENSES; PROVIDING REASONABLE LIMITATION OF THE
NUMBER OF LICENSES TO BE ISSUED OR IN EFFECT AT ANY ONE TIME; REQUIRING A BOND;
PROVIDING FOR INVESTIGATION OF APPLICANTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported
on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, was read in full to the Board
at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 667 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting dye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed
collection agencies ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 31, CODE OF LAS VEGAS,

NEVADA, 1949, AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 590; BY DEFINING ARMORED CAR GUARDS
AS SPECIAL POLICE OFFICERS; BY REQUIRING AN INVESTIGATION OF ALL ARMORED CAR
GUARDS, OWNERS, MANAGERS, OR OTHER PERSONS IN CONTROL OF SUCH ARMORED CAR GUARDS;

BY LIMITING AUTHORITY OF SPECIAL POLICE OFFICERS; BY PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker
and Fountain, was read in full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 668 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the building height ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the amendment to the
warm air heating code ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing on the proposed ordinance for the
elimination of curb parking on 5th and San Francisco Streets be set for October 19,

1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the amendment to
the electrical code ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

OLD CAR SALE
Gaudin Motors

DAMAGE CLAIMS
City Equipment

PARKING LOT

South 2nd Street

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Planning Commission

(Use Permit, Variance
& Rezoning Applica-
tions) 

ORDINANCE NO. 667
Detective Agencies

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

ORDINANCE NO. 668

Special Police Officers
& Armored Cars

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Building Height
Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Warm Air Heating
Code Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Elimination of Curb

Parking on 5th & San
Francisco

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Electrical Code
Amendment
PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Plumbing Code Amendment amendment to the plumbing code, requested additional time before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed

Solicitors	solicitors ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

FISCAL AGENT	Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be authorized to contact Boettcher and

General Obligation	Company and request them to send a representative to meet with the City as soon as

Bond Issues	possible relative to their proposal to act as fiscal agent for the City for the

	sale of general obligation bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE	Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following emergency

No. 664	ordinance, which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

General Obligation

Bonds	AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE GIVING OF NOTICE OF THE SALE OF BONDS

^	AUTHORIZED BY THE VOTERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AT THE GENERAL ELECTION OF MAY

3, 1955; PROVIDING FOR NOTICE OF THE SALE OF GENERAL OBLIGATION SEWER BONDS IN THE
AMOUNT OF $2,000,000; PROVIDING FOR NOTICE OF THE SALE OF GENERAL OBLIGATION
POLICE DETENTION BONDS IN THE AMOUNT OF $275,000; PROVIDING FOR NOTICE OF THE SALE
OF GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM BONDS IN THE AMOUNT OF $400,000;
PROVIDING FOR NOTICE OF THE SALE OF GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE ALARM SYSTEM BONDS
IN THE AMOUNT OF $200,000; RATIFYING ACTION PREVIOUSLY TAKEN IN CONNECTION THERE-
WITH; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

WHEREAS, at the general city election duly called and held on the 3rd day
of May, 1955, the regularly qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
authorized the issuance of General Obligation Sewer Bonds in the aggregate princi-
pal amount of $2,000,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary for the purpose
of defraying in part, the cost of improving the existing sanitary sewer system,
by acquiring sites and rights-of-way therefor and acquiring, constructing and
establishing additional sanitary sewer lines, an additional sanitary sewerage disposal
plant, a sanitary sewer effluent disposal system; and other appurtenances to
said system; and

WHEREAS, at the said election the regularly qualified electors of said
city authorized the issuance of General Obligation Police Detention Bonds in the
aggregate principal amount of $275,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the police deten-
tion facilities, by establishing, constructing, and otherwise acquiring Las
Vegas Police Prison Buildings and a suitable site and grounds therefor and ex-
tending and bettering the present Las Vegas Police Station Building in order to
increase the jail facilities therefor; and

WHEREAS, at the said election, the regularly qualified electors of said
city authorized the issuance of General Obligation Fire Extinguishing System
Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $400,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the
municipal Fire Extinguishing System, by acquiring additional fire extinguishing
equipment, and buildings therefor, together with such additional sites and
grounds as may be necessary, and by improving existing fire department buildings
and fire extinguishing equipment; and

WHEREAS, at the said election, the regularly qualified electors of said
city authorized the issuance of General Obligation Fire Alarm System Bonds in the
aggregate principal amount of $200,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary for
the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the Municipal Fire Ex-
tinguishing System, by acquiring, constructing, and establishing an automatic
fire alarm system complete with headquarters building and controls and panels; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of said City has determined and does
hereby determine, that said bonds should be offered at public sale, and

WHEREAS, due to the necessity of immediately placing orders for material,
and purchasing and acquiring sites and rights-of-way in order to make such necessary
improvements, the Board of Commissioners has determined, and does hereby declare,
that an emergency exists, requiring this ordinance to take effect from and after
its passage and publication in accordance with law.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. That the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas be, and she hereby is authorized and instructed to have published a
notice of sale of said bonds in the Las Vegas Review Journal, the official newspaper
of said City, being of general circulation and published therein, once a week for
four consecutive weeks by five insertions at weekly intervals.

SECTION 2. That a copy of said notice, or notices, shall, at least
three weeks prior to the date fixed for the sale, be mailed to the State Board
of Finance, Carson City, Nevada, and the City Clerk, shall be, and she hereby is,
authorized and directed to effectuate such mailing.

SECTION 3. That all action heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners
and officers of the City of Las Vegas, directed toward the making of the improve-
ments hereinabove mentioned, and the issuance of bonds therefor, be, and the same
hereby is ratified, approved and confirmed.
SECTION 4. That the Board of Commissioners has expressed in the
preamble of this ordinance the existence of an emergency, and does hereby
find and declare that such emergency does exist and therefore this ordinance
shall take effect as in the next section provided.

SECTION The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City
immediately upon its passage and adoption.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Commissioner Fountain then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance.

The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with
the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance
duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Fountain
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are here-
by suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said
emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and
read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion, and the question being upon the
placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon
its final passage.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read
as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion. The question
being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the
following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted
as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 664.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution authorizing the notice of sale
of General Obligation Sewer Bonds in the amount of $2,000,000 be published, to be
sold on November 2, 1955, be adopted:

SEWER BONDS - GENERAL
OBLIGATION
Resolution on Notice
of Sale
RESOLUTION

AUTHORIZING PUBLICATION OF
NOTICE OF SALE OF GENERAL OBLIGATION SEWER BONDS
$2,000,000

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada by Emergency Ordinance No. 664 directed the City Clerk to adver-
tise for sale

GENERAL OBLIGATION SEWER BONDS

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of
September, 1955; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids for
said bonds by publication on September 26, October 3; 10, 17, and 24, 1955;
in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
bonds will be received until 7:30 P.M. on Wednesday, the 2nd day of November,

1955; and said bids will be opened at 7:30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially
the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

FIRE EXTINGUISHING	Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution authorizing the notice of

SYSTEM BONDS	sale of General Obligation Fire Extinguishing System Bonds in the amount of

General Obligation	$400,000 be published, to be sold on November 2, 1955; be adopted:

Resolution on Notice

of Sale	RESOLUTION

AUTHORIZING PUBLICATION OF

NOTICE OF SALE OF GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE EXTINGUISHING
SYSTEM BONDS
$400,000

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
by Emergency Ordinance No. 664 have directed the City Clerk to advertise for sale

GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM BONDS

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of September, 1955;
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids for said bonds by publication
on September 26, October 3; 10, 17, and 24, 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said bonds
will be received until 7:30 P.M. on Wednesday, the 2nd day of November, 1955; and
said bids will be opened at 7:30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

FIRE ALARM SYSTEM BONDS Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution authorizing the notice of sale
General Obligation of General Obligation Fire Alarm System Bonds in the amount of $200,000 be published,
Resolution on Notice to be sold on November 2, 1955; be adopted:
of Sale

RESOLUTION

AUTHORIZING PUBLICATION OF
NOTICE OF SALE OF GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE ALARM
SYSTEM BONDS
$200,000

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada by
Emergency Ordinance No. 644 have directed the City Clerk to advertise for sale

GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE ALARM SYSTEM BONDS

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of September, 1955;
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids for said bonds by publication on
September 26, October 3; 10, 17; and 24, 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
bonds will be received until 7:30 P.M. on Wednesday, the 2nd day of November,

1955; and said bids will be opened at 7:30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially
the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution authorizing the notice of
sale of General Obligation Police Detention Bonds in the amount of $250,000
be published, to be sold on November 2, 1955; be adopted:

RESOLUTION

AUTHORIZING PUBLICATION OF
NOTICE OF SALE OF GENERAL OBLIGATION POLICE
DETENTION BONDS

$275,000

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
by Emergency Ordinance No. 664 have directed the City Clerk to advertise for sale

GENERAL OBLIGATION POLICE DETENTION BONDS

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of September, 1955;
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to publish notice of the receipt of bids for said bonds by publication
on September 26, October 3; 10, 17; and 24, 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said bonds
will be received until 7:30 P.M. on Wednesday, the 2nd day of November, 1955;
and said bids will be opened at 7:30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING SECTION 14, CHAPTER 11, ALSO KNOWN

AS SECTION 5 OF ORDINANCE NO. 240, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE; PROVIDING FOR FILING
OF CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES OR PERSONAL INJURIES, WRONGFUL DEATH AND OTHER TORTS; PRO-
VIDING FORM OF CLAIM AND LIMITING TIME IN WHICH CLAIMS MAY BE FILED; AND OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple for recommendation.

At this time the Board considered the operation of an animal shelter on a portion
of the SW¼, NW¼, NE¼ of Section 36, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, being next to the pumping
station on 30th Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved a use permit allowing the operating of an animal shelter
on a portion of the SW¼, NW¼, NE¼ of Section 36, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 21st day of September, 1955; having con-
sidered the application of the City to operate an animal shelter on a portion of
the SW¼, NW¼, NE¼ of Section 36; T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, being next to the pumping
station on 30th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
the City to operate an animal shelter on a portion of the SW¼, NW¼, NE¼ of Section
36, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the rezoning of Lots 1 to 9; Block 2, Maryland
Tract No. 2 from C-1 and C-2 to R-4, being the NW corner of 11th and Garces. This
matter was held from June 1, 1955.

Mr. Lloyd Skrenes stated that he would like Lots 1 and 2 of Block 2, Maryland Tract
No. 2 to remain the same.

POLICE DETENTION BONDS
General Obligation
Resolution on Notice
of Sale

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Claim Filing Amendment

USE PERMIT

Animal Shelter
U-26-55

REZONING

Maryland Tract No. 2
Commissioner Whipple moved that lots 1 to 4, Block 2; Maryland Tract No. 2
be rezoned from C-1 to R-4 and that Lot 5, Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2
remain as C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Lots 16 - 17; Block 23; Wardie Addition; and
Lots 31 - 32, Block 24, Pioneer Heights be referred back to the Planning
Commission with the recommendation they be rezoned from R-4 to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy stated that there was a revolving fund to purchase fire
hydrants, and he would like to get authority to purchase another 100 at an
approximate cost of $11,000.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted
and the purchase of 100 fire hydrants at a cost of $11,000 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.		

Mr. Kennedy said that he had been in contact with the Nevada Armored Transport
and that for $40.00 a month they will pick up the city bank deposit and take the
parking meter nickles to the bank daily. He further stated that they were covered
by $1,000,000 insurance on their cargo.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City Manager be instructed to employ the

Nevada Armored Transport at a cost of $40.00 per month to transport the City's
bank deposits.	

REZONING
Wardie Addition
Pioneer Heights

FIRE HYDRANT PURCHASE

CITY BANK DEPOSITS
Armored Car Service

ASSESSMENT DISTRICTS
Nos. 100-36 & 200-17
Approving Opinion
Services

BABY BEEF CAFE
License

At this time the Commission considered reports from the Police Department that
Thomas Bibbs, owner of the Baby Beef Cafe at 4l6 W. Bonanza was permitting the
sale of beer and wine at 4l6½ W. Bonanza without a license.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the restaurant beverage license of Thomas
Bibbs for the Baby Beef Cafe be suspended and Mr. Bibbs notified to appear on
October 5, 1955, to show cause why his license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting recess until September 28, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk		Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
September 26, 1955

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Date: September 26, l955

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on
the 26th day of September, 1955, at the hour of 5:00 P.M. to consider the fol-
lowing matter:

1. Fiscal Agent for bond sales

s/ C. D. Baker
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. Baker, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP,

REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W.

NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas.
You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this
day issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City
Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 26th day of September, 1955; at the hour of
5:00 P.M. to consider the following matter:

1.	Fiscal agent for bond sales.

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of
special meeting.

Mayor Baker	City Manager Kennedy

Commissioner Bunker	City Attorney Cannon

Commissioner Sharp	City Engineer Wade

Commissioner Whipple

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 26th day of September, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 5:00 P.M.
by Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Absent:	Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Ass't. City Manager Robert W. Notti

Commissioner Sharp moved that Boettcher and Company of Denver, Colorado be employed
to act as fiscal agent for the City for the sale of General Obligation and special
assessment district bonds at a cost of l/3 of 1%, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Whipple
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

City Clerk		Mayor

************

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 28, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 28th day of September, 1955 was called to order at the hour of
8:15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Director of Public Works George E. Wade
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Messrs. Justin Herman, Pete Walters and Harry Scheeline of the Federal Housing Authority
were present. Mr. Herman discussed at length with the Commission and interested members
of the audience the feasibility of a rehabilitation program for the Westside.

FISCAL AGENT
		Bond Sale



REHABILITATION PROGRAM
Westside
Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the Director of Planning through the
City Manager's office take whatever steps are necessary to make application
for federal assistance in a rehabilitation program for the Westside.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming
licenses for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved in the same form and
condition as the previous quarter:

ALRAY LIQUOR STORE	Aldo & Ray Barozzi	226	No.	2nd	4	slots

ASSOCIATED SERVICE STATION Earl E. Wilson	800	So.	Main	2	slots

ATOMIC LIQUOR STORE	Jack & Virginia Barrett 	  917 Fremont	6 slots

AUSTIN DRUG	K. S. Austin	821	So.	5th	3	slots

ALL NITE MARKET	Arthur Nunez	921	So.	Main	4	slots

BROWN DERBY	P. L. Jefferson	320 Monroe 		12 slots, 1 Craps,

2	"21", 3 Poker

BANK CLUB	Keith Johnson &

Graydon Stark	2300 E. Charleston	3	slots

BAKER'S VARIETY & HDWE	Ellsworth & Helen Baker	1318 No. "D"	1	slot

BOB BASKIN'S RESTAURANT	Bob Baskin & G. Miner	116 No. 5th	3	slots

BELL VARIETY & HARDWARE	J. R.	Bell	1511 Fremont	4	slots

BLISS ICE CREAM CO.	J. A.	Ewing	1401 No. 5th	2	slots

BONANZA DRUG	Glenn	Sales	Co.	402 W. Bonanza	5	slots

BONANZA MARKET	Vesta	Hamby	508 W. Bonanza	2	slots

BOTTLE HOUSE	Floyd	J. Cope	827 So. 5th	6	slots

BOTTLE HOUSE	P.J. & John Buckley	827 So. 5th	2	slots

BRIGHT SPOT DRIVE INN	Barnie Sullivent	300 Stewart	3	slots

BUCKLEY'S INC.	P.J., John & Rita Buckley	20 Fremont	24	slots

CALIFORNIA CLUB	By:	George Arquilla	101 Fremont	105	slots

3	Craps
3 "21"

1	Roulette
1 Big 6 Wheel
1 Keno
1 Faro Bank

CHARLESTON DRUG	Frank Harp	4 E. Charleston	3	slots

CHARLESTON INN	J. A. Ewing	17 w. Charleston	1	slot

CHARLIE'S LIQUOR STORE	Elias Atol	521 E. Charleston	3	slots

CHATTERBOX	El Cortez Hotel, Inc.	Main & Fremont	3	slots

CINNABAR	Harry Badger	122 No. 2nd	1	Faro Bank

CINNABAR	Ted Patton Music	122 No. 2nd	5	slots

THE CIRCUS ROOM	Gordon L. Gordon	523 Fremont	8	slots

CITY DRUG STORE	Glenn Sales Co.	231 Fremont	5	slots

CLIFF'S 5TH ST. MARKET	G. C. Luzier	729 So. 5th	4	slots

CLARK DAIRY CAFE	Tom Rolofson	1000 No. Main	2	slots

CHARLESTON LIQUOR STORE	E. J. Gilbreath	9 W. Charleston	10	slots

COFFEE BOB'S	Ted Patton Music Co.	127 So. 2nd	2	slots

COMMERCE DRUG CO.	Fred C. Kersch

Eldon Lee	302 E. Charleston	2	slots

COMMUNITY GROCERY	P.J. & John Buckley	1208 "D" Street	2	slots

CONEY ISLAND	Vegas Enterprises	4l2 So. Pnd	4	slots

CORK 'N' BOTTLE LIQ.	Frank & Emma Pimental	508 Fremont	4	slots

CORK 'N' BOTTLE	P.J. & John Buckley	508 Fremont	3	slots

CORNET STORE	Tom Jaggers & Joe Cornet	4th & Fremont	12	slots

COTTON CLUB	Uvalde Caperton	500 Jackson	16	slots

1	Craps

2	"21"

2	Poker

1	Keno

CRESTWOOD DRUG CO.	Glenn S les	2224 E. Charleston 3 slots

CUT RATE LIQUOR STORE	Hughie Roach	132 So. 5th	3	slots

DAVIS BROS. RICHFIELD TRUCK

TERMINAL	Del Barkhuff	629	So.	Main	3	slots

DERBY SPORTS BOOK	John D. Gaughan	113	So.	1st	1	Sports	Book

DERBY TURF CLUB	Dave Steams & Louis Nier 	  113	So.	1st	1	Race Horse

Book

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	P.J. & John Buckley	24 Fremont	1	slot

DUFFY'S TAVERN	Joe Schram & C. G. Hoover 	   1815 So. 5th	6	slots

EL CORTEZ CASINO	Hotel El Cortez Ent.

By:	W. J. Moore,	Jr.	600 Fremont	49	slots

2	Craps
4 "21"

1	Roulette

EL CORTEZ HOTEL	Hotel El Cortez Ent.	600 Fremont	5	slots

ELDORADO ARCADE	W. Howard Adams	4 Fremont	12	slots

ELITE MARKET	Earle W. Vause	831	So. Main	3	slots

CAFE EL TORO	Glenn Sales	504	Jackson	5	slots

HOTEL ELWELL	Wm. H. Elwell	204	So. 1st	9	slots

FAMILY MARKET	Seth R. Dole	1109 E. Stewart 3	slots

5TH STREET LIQUOR STORE	Gordon W. Potter	725	So. 5th	14	slots

5TH STREET RESTAURANT	Joe Mosca	825	So. 5th	4	slots

FILIPO'S CAFE	Del Barkhuff	6l4	South 5th	2	slots

FISHER DRUG CO.	E. A. Pollard,	Jr.	601	No. Main	4	slots

FOODLAND	Vegas Foods Co.	1500 Fremont	6	slots

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals
FORTUNE CLUB	Robert Van Santen,

Harry Gordon, C. Lynch	109 Fremont	138 slots

FREMONT DRUG	By:	H. G. Parvin	6ll Fremont	7 slots

FOXY'S	Abe Fox	2423 So. 5th	3 slots

FRY'S RICHFIELD STATION	Ted Patton Music Co.	5th & Fremont	2 slots

GALEN'S LIQUOR	E. C. Hummer	1216 So. Main	4 slots

GOLDEN NUGGET	By:	C. C. King	129 Fremont	300 slots

8	Craps
13 "21"

4	Roulette

1	Keno

2	Big 6 Wheels
6 Poker

6	Pan

GREYHOUND BUS DEPOT	J. A. Ewing	110 So. Main	9	slots

HAMBURGER HEAVEN	Tom Rolofson	1215 E. Street	2	slots

HICKORY WOOD BAR-B-Q	Gus & Helen Corey	315 Fremont	5	slots

HORSESHOE CLUB	Eldorado Inc.

By:	Harry Dorsett	128 Fremont	163 slots

7	Craps
7 "21"

2	Roulette
1 RH Keno

HOLIDAY INN	F. E. Worth	2205 So. 5th	2	slots

JERRY'S SNACK BAR	Mary Nicosia	407 Fremont	4	slots

JOHNNY'S SUPER MARKET	John Nassar & Blaine

Johnson	2200 E. Charleston	3 slots

KING'S RESTAURANT	Glenn Sales	1102 Fremont	4	slots

HOST'S	Robert J. Kost	1000 So. Main	3	slots

L & W CAFE	Tem Rolofson	18 Garces	1	slot

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR STORE	Dolores J. Bonaobra	812 Fremont	3	slots

LITTLE KITCHEN	Del Barkhuff	1608 Fremont	2	slots

LOG CABIN BAR	P.J. & John Buckley	122	No.	1st	1	slot

IDG CABIN BAR	Albert & David Mengarelli 	   122	No.	1st	2	slots

LUCKY STRIKE CLUB	By:	Milton Prell	117 Fremont	133 slots

1	Bingo
316 Chairs

MAC DONALD HOTEL	By:	H. Lynn Chase	208 No. 5th	3	slots

MAIN LIQUOR STORE	Vegas Enterprises	4l8 No. 1st	5	slots

MARKET TOWN	Adelson, Inc.	22 E. Oakey	8	slots

MAYFAIR LIQUOR STORE	Blaine Beckwith	l4l8 Fremont	8	slots

MELODIE LANE RESTAURANT	Tom & Wilma Panos	234 Fremont	3	slots

MIKE'S 5TH ST. MARKET	Hixenbaugh & Messina	630	So.	5th	3	slots

MODERN MARKET INC.	Gordon & Stein	121	No.	5th	5	slots

MONTE CARLO, INC.	By:	Fred Soly	15 Fremont	80	slots

2	Craps
2 "21"

1	Roulette

NEVADA LIQUORS	By:	John L. Funk	2109 Fremont	4	slots

NEW WING'S CAFE	Robert Peccole	200 No. 1st	4	slots

ORANGE RUFUS	Pat	Rozzelle	409 Fremont	12	slots

PEPPER'S VARIETY STORE	P.J. & John Buckley	2324 E.	Charleston 1	slot

PHILLIPS TEXACO SERVICE	George W. Phillips	901	So.	5th	3	slots

PINKY'S	Hugh & Winifred Pinkstaff 	  1232 So. 5th	5 slots

PIONEER CLUB	Milton B. Page	25 Fremont	98	slots

3	Craps

1	Roulette

4	"21"

1	RH Keno

2	Poker

1	Faro Bank

PIONEER COCKTAIL LOUNGE	By:	Milton B. Page	25 Fremont	5	slots

PONY EXPRESS DEPOT	Mel Wolzinger	123 So. 1st	3	slots

PROFESSIONAL DRUG	Charles Thompson	421 Fremont	2	slots

RED & WHITE CAFE	R. C. Brodine, Jr.	801 So. 1st	3	slots

RINGSIDE LIQUOR	STORE	Del	Barkhuff	1516	So.	5th	6	slots

ROUND UP DRIVE IN	By:	Murray Petersen	1820	So.	5th	7	slots

ROUND UP LIQUOR	STORE	By:	Murray Petersen	1820	So.	5th	4	slots

SALLIE'S LIQUOR	STORE	By:	A. S. Johnson	2120	E. Charleston	12 slots

SARATOGA RACE BOOK	Henry	Cal Remolif	ll4 So. 1st	1 RH Book

1	Sports Book

SAV-ON LIQUOR STORE	Sam Don	504 No. Main	3	slots

SELEX COFFEE SHOP	Irving 1. Gelsin	209 No. Main	2	slots

SHAMROCK HOTEL	Vegas Enterprises	6l4 No. Main	7	slots

BILL MOORE'S SHOWBOAT	W. J.	Moore, Mgr.	Boulder Highway	62 slots

2	Craps

4	"21"

1	Roulette
1 Bingo
350 Chairs

SIGNAL SUPER SERVICE	John P. Ahem	2102 So. 5th	3	slots

SILL'S	Miller, Sill, Christian	1102 So. 5th	9	slots

SILL'S TELL 'N' TOTE	Miller, Sill, Christian	4th & Charleston 3	slots

SKAGG'S DRUG CENTER	Vegas	Enterprises	215 Fremont	12 slots

SNAX FIFTH AVENUE	Glenn Sales	417 So. 5th	2	slots

SPORT'S LIQUOR STORE	Lauchert & Gruniensen	419 No. Main	4	slots

STAN'S RESTAURANT	Gus S. Andros	1525 Fremont	3	slots
STRIP DRUG STORE	Carlson & McGowan	2425 So. 5th	6	slots

STRIP LIQUOR STORE	Blaine Beckwith	2417 So. 5th	7	slots

SUNDOWN LIQUORS	C. H. Murray	218 No. Main	2	slots

SUNSET LIQUOR STORE	Keith S. Richards	1027 So. Main	1	slot

TOWN TAVERN	Tem Rolofson	600	Jackson	20 slots

THRIFTY MARKET	Mark J. Klein	1054 So. Main	3	slots

TOWN BARBECUE	Ann T. Bunnell	506 Fremont	3	slots

TOWN TAVERN	Earl Turmon	600 Jackson	1	KH Keno

2 "21"

1	Craps

2	Poker

TWIN LAKES LODGE	Lloyd L. St.	John	Tonopah Highway	3	slots

TWIN LAKES LODGE	P.J.	& John Buckley	Tonopah Highway	1	slot

VEGAS VACATIONERS BUREAU	Glenn Sales	20$	Fremont	3 slots

THE WESTERNER	H. O. Pepple	23 Fremont	135 slots

2 Craps

1	Roulette

2	"21"

1 Keno

WESTERN LIQUOR STORE	M. C. Britton	6 E. Charleston	5	slots

WESTSIDE SHOPPING CENTER	E.E. & Helen Baker	1315 No. "D"	3	slots

WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM	Clyde E. Wilson	517 So. 5th	4	slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG #1	By:	Aurelia	Scheer	201 Fremont	4	slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG #2	By:	Aurelia	Scheer	1700 So. 5th	6	slots

WITTWER'S CAFE	Ray Knearl	720	No. Main	4 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain,	Sharp, Whipple	and His Honor	voting	aye;	noes,	none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the	application of	Fred Soly for	license for	two additional

slot machines at the Monte Carlo Club, 15 Fremont for the third quarter of 1955 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of L. B. Scherer, Joe and Vic Hall, Frank
Eddes and B. Van der Steen and the additional partner Robert Van Santen for license
for 87 slot machines for the Nevada Club, 109 Fremont, for the fourth quarter of 1955
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain,	Sharp, Whipple	and His Honor	voting	aye;	noes,	none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the	application of	Harry Tabak, Thrifty	Drug	Store	Co., Inc.,

317 Fremont, for license for 10 slot machines for the fourth quarter of 1955;
deleting the name of T. A. Blasius from the license, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Larry Prestininzi for a restaurant
beverage liquor license for Prestini's Famous Foods, 8l2 W. Bonanza for the fourth
quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Albert Schouten for a retail beverage
license for Al's Market, 404 South 2nd Street, formerly issued to Eldon A. Jones,
Eddie's Market, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ray Knearl for a restaurant beverage
license for Wittwer's Cafe, 720 North Main Street, formerly issued to Dan Mesheske,
for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Alfred Ripps for a gaming license for
13 slot machines, a retail liquor miniature license and cigarette and general
business license at Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont for the fourth quarter of 1955
be approved subject to the following condition:

These licenses are issued to and pursuant to the order of the Court

in the Writ of Preliminary Injunction and are issued under protest thereof.

The licenses will be revoked promptly upon the dissolving of said injunction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the information furnished by Jack Gilson requesting reinstate-
ment of his liquor license for the Swinging Door Saloon. Letters had been filed by
Mr. Gilson showing his intent to keep his brother Irving Gelsin off the premises and
a letter from Irving Gelsin indicating that he would not go into the saloon.

Additional
Change of Owners

Deletion of
Partner

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New 

Change of Owner

LIQUOR, GAMING &
BUSINESS LICENSES
Mike's Liquor Store

LIQUOR LICENSE
REINSTATEMENT
Swinging Door Saloon
Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved, the tavern liquor license of the Swinging
Door Saloon, 111 North 1st Street, be reinstated, and. the Police Department in-
structed. to keep close surveillance and report to the Commission, and in the
event disturbances reoccur the license will be subject to revocation; further,
that Mr. Gilson's application for license for three slot machines for the fourth
quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Alfred J. Quodbach for renewal of his
tavern license and one "21" game for the Little Casino at 110 North 1st Street,
said building having been demolished, be approved for the fourth quarter of 1955. 

Motion seconded by Commission Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
disqualified himself from voting since his firm are the architects for the proposed
new building at 1st and Fremont Streets.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail sale
of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

AL'S MARKET	Albert Schouten	404 South 2nd

BAKER'S VARIETY &	HARDWARE	E. E. & Helen Baker	1318 North "D"

CHARLESTON INN	Marie R. Philips	17 W. Charleston

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy recommended that Art Trelease, Acting Supervisor of Building
and Safety be granted permission to attend the Uniform Building Code Conference in Port-
land, Oregon, from October 3 to 7, 1955 with expenses of $275.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Mr.
Trelease be granted permission to attend this Conference; Further, that the warrant for
his expenses be issued and signature authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented a list of meritorious salary increases approved by the
Board of Civil Service Trustees and recommended that they be approved effective as of
October 1, 1955.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following salary increases be granted as of
October 1, 1955:

Nease, Wilson	Cemetery	10-1-54	2-3	16	$244-258

Morgenstem, Jewell	Finance	10-16-54	2-3	19	288-305

Anderson, William W. Engineering	7-1-54	1-2	23	341-360

Dowdell, Marie	"	10-1-53	3-4	16	258-273

Hopkins, Volney	"	8-16-54	1-2	25	381-403

Barry, Raymond	Fire	10-16-54	4-5	24	426-450

Healy, Jack	"	10-16-54	4-5	24	426-450

Mulford, James	"	10-16-54	3-4	24	403-426

Conigliaro, Julius	"	10-16-54	3-4	22	360-381

Painter, Charles	"	10-16-54	3-4	22	360-381

Myers, Milton B.	"	10-1-54	3-4	22	360-381

Snider, Gerald	"	10-1-54	3-4	22	36O-381

Jacobs, Francis E.	Golf Course	10-1-54	3-4	16	258-273

Stowers, John	"	"	5-1-54	2-3	16	244-258

Schwartz, Milton	Maintenance	10-16-54	3-4	17	273-288

Bohlmann, Warren	Police	10-16-54	2-3	23	360-381

Burgess, Robert	"	10-16-54	4-5	23	403-426

Clegg, Neal	"	10-16-54	4-5	23	403-426

Compton, Bennie	"	10-1-54	2-3	23	360-381

Elliott, Amos	"	10-1-54	2-3	23	369-381

Heaviland, Donald	"	10-1-54	2-3	23	360-381

Huntzinger, Pauline	"	10-16-54	3-4	18	288-305

Madison, Troy	"	10-16-54	3-4	23	381-403

Miller, Harold	"	10-16-54	3-4	23	381-403

Samples, Vera	"	5-16-53	4-5	19	322-341

Thompson, George	"	4-1-54	2-3	25	403-426

Wallace, Warren	"	10-1-54	2-3	23	360-381

Wanamaker, Beverly	"	8-16-54	3-4	17	273-288

Wilson, Betty	"	7-1-54	4-5	17	288-305

Schultz, Earl	"	11-1-54	4-5	16	273-288

Roberts, Eugenia	Recreation	8-16-54	3-4	23	381-403

Abbott, William	Street	10-16-54	3-4	18	288-305

Medlock, Hamilton	"	9-1-54	3-4	16	258-273

Fife, Winona	Building	8-16-54	3-4	16	258-273

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time for opening bids for the furnishing and installing of mobile
radio units for city equipment, bids were received from the following firms:

MOTOROLA COMMUNICATIONS & ELECTRONICS INC.

FRONTIER RADIO

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for
tabulation and recommendation.

9-20-55

LIQUOR & GAMING
Little Casino

CIGARETTE LICENSES

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Building Supervisor

SALARY INCREASES

BID NO. 55.19
	Radio Units
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for furnishing tires and
tubes to the City, bids were received from the following firms:

BILL WERNER
U. S. TIRE SUPPLY
SUPERIOR TIRE INC.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that the im-
provements in Assessment District No. 100-23 be accepted and that the 10% re-
tention in the amount of $17,266.02 be paid to the contractor, Wells-Cargo, Inc.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the improvements in Assessment District
No. 100-23 be accepted and final payment in the amount of $17,266.02 be approved
and signature of the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade advised the Commission that bids had been
received from four firms for the installation of paving on "A" Street from Oakey
to Boston. Mr. Wade stated that these bids include the paving, curbs and gutters
and a 15" storm drain from "A" to Main Street, and said bids are as follows:

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION	$18,294.00

WELLS CARGO	19,076.78

PAHLEEN CONSTRUCTION	20,986.00

WELLS STEWART	17,576.89

Mr. Wade recommended that the bid of Wells Stewart which is $12,637.89 for
paving improvement and $4,939.00 for installation of the storm drain be accepted.
He further recommended that only the paving be done at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be continued until the Engineering Depart-
ment can make a study to determine the cost of building the street up to grade
rather than installing a storm drain.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of C. R. Millhizer for license for
two slot machines at the Shoe Center, 1312 "D" Street for the fourth quarter
of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the resolution authorizing the publication of the
notice to bid on the installation of improvements in Assessment District No.
1OO-36, adopted at the regular meeting held September 21, 1955, be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the resolution authorizing the publication of

the notice to bid on the installation of improvements in Assessment District

No. 200-17, adopted at the regular meeting held September 21, 1955, he rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare a resolution
commending the Junior Chamber of Commerce on the fine service performed in spon-
soring the County Fair.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Planning Commission be instructed to study the
area on West Charleston Boulevard from Shadow Lane to the intersection of Rancho
Road to determine whether or not this property should be rezoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

BID NO. 55.17
Tires & Tubes

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-23
Final Payment

"A" STREET IMPROVEMENT

GAMING APPLICATION

New



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36
 Resolution Rescinded

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 200-17

Resolution Rescinded

JUNIOR CHAMBER OF
COMMERCE
	 To be Commended

WEST CHARLESTON
ZONING STUDY
At this time the Commission considered the application of Jack Staggs, Grant Stewart
and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager for permission to construct a medical center on Lots 4 to
12 and Lots 20 to 30, Block 1, Woodland Park Addition. The public hearing on this
application had been held on September 7, 1955 and the matter taken under advisement.

Mr. Jack Staggs was present and advised the Commission that they had secured signa-
tures of 23 property owners who favored the installation of this medical center as
compared with 16 or 17 who were protesting, all within the 300 foot area.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jack Staggs, Grant Stewart
and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager for a variance to construct a medical center on Lots 4-12
and Lots 20-30, Block 1, Woodland Park Addition be approved subject to installation
of all off-site improvements in accordance with City specifications, and the follow-
ing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
recessed regular meeting on the 28th day of September, 1955; having considered the
application of Jack Staggs, Grant Stewart and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager for a variance
to construct a medical center on Lots 4-12 and Lots 20-30, Block 1, Woodland Park
Addition; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Jack Staggs,

Grant Stewart and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager for a variance to construct a medical center
on Lots 4-12 and Lots 20-30, Block 1, Woodland Park Addition be approved subject to
installation of all off-site improvements in accordance with City specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote and advised the Commission that his firm drew the preliminary plans
on this project.

At this time the Land Use Plan for the Bonanza Road Area, heretofore presented and
public hearings held, was considered.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the Land Use Plan for the Bonanza Road Area as
recommended by the Planning Commission be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



	City Clerk 	Mayor

-

				Las Vegas, Nevada
				October 5; 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
held this 5th day of October, 1955; was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	C. H. Kennedy

At this time Mr. Thomas Bibbs owner of the Baby Beef Cafe at 4l6 West Bonanza
Road appeared before the Commission to show cause why his Restaurant Beverage
Liquor License should not be revoked for permitting the sale of beer and wine
at 4l6½ West Bonanza known as the Hideway, without obtaining a license. Sgt.

Wayne McDorman and Acting Chief Ray Sheffer of the Police Department advised the
Commission that this beer bar had been opened and operated without application
to the License or Police Departments for the proper license.

Mr. Bibbs stated that it was his plan to enlarge and make available a dining
room at the 4l6½ West Bonanza location, and was not aware that he was in violation
of the ordinance when he commenced selling at this address. He further stated
that he had not sold any beer or wine since notification from the City.

Mr. Bibbs was advised that he should contact the Building, License and Police
Departments to ascertain what requirements were necessary to operate at 4l6½

VARIANCE

Staggs, Stewart &
Swartzfager

V-31-55

LAND USE PLAN
BONANZA ROAD AREA
	Adopted

BABY BEEF CAFE
	 Beverage License
West Bonanza and then make the required application for a license.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Restaurant Beverage license of the Baby
Beef Cafe at 4l6 West Bonanza be reinstated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Merle Sage appeared at this time to request the extension of the lease
the Las Vegas Archer's Association has with the City for property near the
Municipal Golf Course.

Commissioner Fountain moved the lease with the Las Vegas Archer's Association
be extended from June 1, 1955 to June 1, 1956, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on the application of Wilbur Clark
to reclassify a portion of the NE¼ of the SW¼ of the NW¼ of Section 1, T21S,

R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 and R-3 to R-4 be held November 2, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on the application of Amy Lee Houser
to reclassify Lots 1 to 8, Block 24, Lots 9 to 16, Block 25, Lots 1 to 6, Block
21, Lots 7 to 12, Block 20 of Valley View Addition from R-3 to R-4 and Lots lo to
12, Block 22, HFM&M Addition from R-3 to C-2 be held November 2, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on the reclassification of Lots 31 and
32, Block 24, Pioneer Heights Addition and Lots 16 and 17, Block 23, Wardie Addi-
tion, being the northwest comer of 11th and Garces, be held November 22, 1955 at
7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Director of Planning Franklin Bills reported at this time on the proposed rezoning
of South 4th and South 6th Streets from Bridger to Charleston. Mr. Bills stated
that the Planning Commission made the following recommendation:

1.	An amendment to the City Zoning Ordinance authorizing the establishment
of an addition district classification to the designated P-1 or Parking
District. That the uses in this district be as follows:

a.	Any use permitted in an R-1, R-2 and R-3 District.

b.	The establishment of commercial or patron off-street
parking lots.

2.	The reclassification of the half block strip, 140 feet in depth from
Bridger to Charleston from the alley east of 5th Street to 6th Street
from R-1 and R-3 to P-1.

3.	The reclassification of the half block strip, l40 feet in depth, from
Clark to Hoover from the alley west of 5th Street to 4th Street, from

R-3 and R-4 to P-1.

4.	The reclassification of the half block strip, l40 feet in depth between
6th Street and the alley east of 6th Street, from Bonneville to Hoover,
from R-1 to R-3.

5.	The reclassification of the half block strip, l40 feet in depth, from
Bridger to Hoover from 4th Street to the alley west of 4th Street
from R-3 to R-4.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the public hearing on this rezoning of South 4th
Street and South 6th Street from Bridger to Charleston be held on November 2, 1955;
instead of October 19th as originally scheduled since there is not sufficient time
to give notice for this latter date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for renewal of gaming licenses
for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved in the same form and condition as the
previous quarter:

LAS VEGAS ARCHER'S
ASSOCIATION
Extension of Lease

REZONING - Z-29-55
Wilbur Clark
Public Hearing Set

REZONING - Z-24-55
		 Amy Lee Houser
Public Rearing Set

REZONING -
NW Corner of 11th
and Garces
Public Hearing Set

REZONING -

So. 4th & 6th Sts.

Public Hearing Set

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals
ANDY'S LIQUOR STORE	Andrew Bruner	1320 "D" Street	3 slots

ASKEW INN	L.	L.	Snyder	2222 Fremont	4	slots

BABY BEEF	CAFE	C.	R.	Millhizer	4l6 W. Bonanza	1	slot

BABY BEEF	MARKET	#1	C.	R.	Millhizer	926 No. Main	3	slots

BABY BEEF	MARKET	#2	C.	R.	Millhizer	1316 No. "D"	2	slots

BRAVO'S MARKET	Frank Lancaster	410 Morgan	1	slot

COREY'S FINE FOODS	John D. & James Corey	432 Fremont	4	slots

COREY'S FINE FOODS	Cardinal & Sullivan	402 Fremont	1	slot

D & D DRIVE INN	Floyd Davis	520 No. Main	2	slots

DESERT INN LIQUOR STORE	George Pappas	1507 So. 5th	2	slots

DOLLAR MARKET	Cardinal & Sullivan	433 No. Main	3	slots

DOS'S MOBIL SERVICE	Cardinal & Sullivan	13th & Charleston	1	slot

ECONOMY FUEL & ICE CO.	C. R.	Millhizer	422	Jefferson	1	slot

ESQUIRE BAR	Isadore Bernson	120	So. 2nd	3	slots

FOOD CENTER	Harry Levy	770 Fremont	3	slots

GILBERT BROS.	GROCERY	Harry	V. T. Gilbert	400	W. Bonanza	3	slots

GILBERT BROS.	LIQUOR	Harry	V. T. Gilbert	4o4	W. Bonanza	8	slots

HELEN'S CAFE	C. R. Millhizer	1314 "F" Street	1	slot

HOME DINING ROOM	C. R. Millhizer	415 Jackson	1	slot

JIMMY'S LIQUOR STORE	James Snowden	1402 No. "E"	5	slots

LAUGHLIN'S CAFE	C. R. Millhizer	410 W. Bonanza	4	slots

L.V.-RENO-TONOPAH STAGE LINES	Cardin & Sullivan	922 Stewart	4	slots

LINCOLN MARKET	Vaughn K. Leavitt	1500 So. 5th	3	slots

LITTLE GIANT MARKET	Howard E. Heckethorn	107 W. St. Louis	2	slots

MONTE CARLO CAFE	C. R. Millhizer	1600	So.	Main	2	slots

NERGER'S MOBIL SERVICE	Cardinal & Sullivan	Main	& Stewart	1	slot

NEW VEGAS LANES	Ruggeroli & Mirabelli	125 So. 2nd	1	slot

O'BRIEN'S LIQUOR STORE	Cardinal, Sullivan &

O'Brien	1311 E. Charleston	6	slots

PARK MARKET	Albert Goot	424 No. 5th	5	slots

PAYLESS LIQUOR STORE	Joseph Nosanchuck	1509 Fremont	4	slots

PLAYLAND ARCADE	O.	L.	Parry	129 So. 1st	31	slots

PLAYLAND BAR	O.	L.	Parry	131 So. 1st	3	slots

PRESTINI'S FAMOUS FOODS	Cardinal & Sullivan	812 W. Bonanza	3	slots

RANDLE'S CAFE	C.	R.	Millhizer	1331 No. "E"	2	slots

RED X DRUG STORE	C.	R.	Millhizer	l4l8 So. 5th	3	slots

RYE & ROLL	M.	H.	& Sallie Gordon	1234 So. 5th	2	slots

RYP'S CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	134 So. 5th	4	slots

S & S STORES	C. R. Millhizer	1413	No.	"F"	2	slots

SKILLET CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	1519	So.	Main	3	slots

SNYDER'S	L. L. Snyder	2011	So.	5th	3	slots

SPOT CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	1000	So.	Main	3	slots

STEWART'S MARKET	S. Grant Stewart	2021 Stewart	3	slots

WESTSIDE GROCERY	C. R. Millhizer	322 Madison	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

At this time the Commission considered the application of Alfred Durante, Leo Massaro, Italo
Ghelfi, Robert Picardo, Fred DeTore, Bernard F. Perata, A. A. Harris, and Remy Gacherieu for
gaming license for the Golden Gate Club located at 1 Fremont Street. The Police Department
reported that eight of the twenty-three applications have been investigated and they are not
in a position to recommend complete approval of the license until the remaining participants
have been thoroughly investigated.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that action on this application for gaming be held in
abeyance until the investigation on the majority interests has been completed and the appli-
cants be notified of this fact.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following new applications for gaming license for the fourth
quarter of 1955; be approved:

STRIP COFFEE SHOP	Keith	Campbell	1328 South 5th	4	slots

TASTY PASTRY SHOP	Keith	Campbell	2226 E. Charleston 	  3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for gaming license for the fourth
quarter of 1955 at new locations be approved:

HUGHES MARKET	J. A.	Ewing	509 Jackson	1	slot

TATUMS BAHBEQUE	C. R.	Millhizer	420 Jackson	2	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Harry Levy to change the name of his liquor store
at 6l6 West Bonanza from the Market Spot to the Friendly Liquor Store, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

10-5-55

GAMING APPLICATIONS
	New

Golden Gate

GAMING APPLICATIONS
	New

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Locations

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Name
At this time the Board considered the application of Martin J. Cunningham for a Restaurant
Beverage license at Cunningham's Chili Spot, 225 North 1st Street.

Mr. Cunningham was advised that his Building was in violation of the Building
Code and could not meet the requirements for a liquor license at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Martin J. Cunningham's application for a Restaurant
Beverage liquor license at Cunningham's Chili Spot, 225 North 1st Street, be held
in abeyance until his building is in compliance with the Building Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Sid Martin for a tavern liquor license
for the Golden Gate Club, 1 Fremont be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Morris Fox to add Jerrold Jory and de-
lete Irving S. Quale from the pawnbroker's license of the Square Deal Loan at 118
North 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution authorizing the publication of
the Notice of Sale of $2,875,000 General Obligation Bonds, bids to be opened on
November 16, 1955, be adopted:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has de-
termined, and does hereby determine, that the issues of general obligation bonds
of said city in the aggregate principal amount of $2,875,000.00 authorized at the
general city election duly called and held on the 3rd day of May, 1955, should be
offered at public sale.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, be, and she hereby is, authorized and instructed to have published
a notice of sale of said issues of said bonds in the aggregate principal amount
of $2,875,000.00 in the Las Vegas Review Journal, the official newspaper of the city,
being of general circulation and published therein, once a week for four consecutive
weeks by five insertions at weekly intervals, which notice of sale shall be in
substantially the following form:

(Form of Notice)

NOTICE OF SALE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
GENERAL OBLIGATION BONDS
$2,875,000.00
(4 issues)

DATED DECEMBER 1, 1955

Sealed proposals will be received by the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, at the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas, in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday, the l6th day of November,

1955, up to and including the hour of 8:00 o'clock P.M., Pacific Standard Time, at
which time all bids will be publicly opened and considered by the Board of Com-
missioners, for the purchase of four bond issues, in the aggregate principal amount
of $2,875,000.00, of said city's general obligation negotiable coupon bonds described
as follows:

(1)	$2,000,000.00, City of Las Vegas, Nevada, General Obligation
Sewer Bonds, Series December 1, 1955.

(2)	$275,000.00, City of Las Vegas, Nevada, General Obligation
Police Detention Bonds, Series December 1, 1955.

(3)	$400,000.00, City of Las Vegas, Nevada, General Obligation
Fire Extinguishing System Bonds, Series December 1, 1955.

(4)	$200,000.00, City of Las Vegas, Nevada, General Obligation
Fire Alarm System Bonds, Series December 1, 1955.

Said bonds will be dated December 1, 1955, will be in the denomination of
$1,000.00 each, and will mature serially on the first day of December in each of the
years hereinafter designated, the amounts maturing each year being as follows:

LIQUOR APPLICATION
	New

Cunningham's Chili
Spot

LIQUOR APPLICATION
	New

Golden Gate

PAWNSHOP LICENSE
Square Deal Loan

RESOLUTION -

Notice of Sale

General Obligation

Bonds


(1)	(2)	(3)	(4)

Fire	Fire

Police	Extinguishing	Alarm

Years	Sever	Department	System	System

Maturing	Bonds	Bonds	Bonds______	Bonds	Total

1956	$100,000	$ 9,000	$20,000	$10,000	$139,000

1957	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1958	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1959	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1960	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1961	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1962	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1963	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1964	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1965	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1966	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1967	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1968	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1969	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1970	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1971	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1972	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1973	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1974	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

1975	100,000	14,000	20,000	10,000	144,000

TOTAL	2,000,000	275,000	400,000	200,000	2,875,000

The bonds of each issue maturing on December 1, 1966, and thereafter, will
be subject to prior redemption in inverse numerical order at the city's option on
December 1, 1965, or on any interest payment date thereafter, for the principal amount
thereof, together with accrued interest to the redemption date and a premium of 2%
of the principal amount thereof.

Said bonds shall bear interest at a maximum rate not exceeding 5% per annum,
payable semi-annually on the first days of June and December in each year, commencing
June 1, 1956; both interest and principal will be payable in lawful money of the
United States of America at the office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada, or at
the option of the holder or holders thereof, at the Harris Trust and Savings Bank,

Chicago, Illinois. All of the bonds shall constitute the general obligation bonds
of the City of Las Vegas and shall be payable from general ad valorem taxes, subject
to the limitations imposed by the constitution and laws of the State of Nevada.

Bidders are required to submit separate bids for each issue specifying (a)
the lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par, at which such bidder will
purchase said bonds, or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will pur-
chase said bonds at par.

The bonds of each issue shall be sold to the bidder making the best bid for that
issue, subject to the right of the corporate authorities to reject any and all bids and
readvertise said bonds for sale. The best bid for each issue will be determined by
deducting the amount of the premium bid, if any, from the total amount of interest which
the city would be required to pay from the date of said bonds to the respective maturity
dates at the coupon rate or rates specified in the bid, and the award will be made on
the basis of the lowest net interest cost to the city. It is permissible to bid dif-
ferent or split interest rates for each of said bonds, but none of said bonds shall be
sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor shall any discount or commission be al-
lowed or paid. The purchaser must pay accrued interest from the date of the bonds to
the date of delivery.

Proposals must be enclosed in a sealed envelope marked on the outside "Pro-
posals for Bonds", addressed to the city clerk, and, except for the bid of the State
of Nevada, if one is received, shall be accompanied by a deposit of 5%; either cash
or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which shall be returned if the bid is
not accepted, the deposit of the best bidder for each issue being credited to the pur-
chaser at the time of delivery of the bonds (without accruing interest). If the
successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds within
the thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit shall be
forfeited to the City of Las Vegas, and in that event the corporate authorities may
accept the bid of the one making the next best bid or, if all bids are rejected, such
corporate authorities shall readvertise said bonds for sale. If there be two or more
equal bids, and such bids are the best bids received, at not less than par and accrued
interest, the corporate authorities shall determine which bid shall be accepted.

The City reserves the privilege of waiving any irregularity or any informality
in any bid.

Delivery will be made to the successful bidder or bidders as soon as prac-
ticable at the office of the City Treasurer or at sane bank in Las Vegas, Nevada, or,
at the successful bidder's request and expense, delivery will be made elsewhere, as
requested.

Financial and other information concerning said City may be obtained from the
City's fiscal agent, Boettcher and Company, 828 Seventeenth Street, Denver, Colorado,
and from the city clerk.

10-5-55
The legality of the bonds will be approved by Messrs. Pershing, Bos-
worth, Dick & Dawson, Attorneys at Law, Equitable Building, Denver, Colorado,
whose opinion, together with the printed bonds and a certified transcript of the
legal proceedings will be furnished the purchaser without charge by the City.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, this 5th day of October, 1955.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Section 2. That a copy of said notice shall, at least three weeks prior
to the date fixed for the sale, be mailed to the State Board of Finance, Carson
City, Nevada, and the City Clerk shall be, and she hereby is, authorized and directed
to effectuate said mailing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 6559 to 7026 in the net amount of
$66,297.21 be approved and signature authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrant Nos. 4413 to 4548 and 4550
to 4560 in the total amount of $30,276.03 be approved and signature authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of September 21, 26 and 28, 1955 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time until the public hearing has
been held on October 19, 1955, before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE ZONING ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS

VEGAS, ALSO KNOWN AS CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE
NO. 471 BY AMENDING THE BUILDING SITE AREAS PROVIDED IN SECTION 12; AMENDING SECTION
27 AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 471 BY PROVIDING METHODS AND PROCEDURES FOR TAKING
APPEALS FROM DECISIONS OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION AND/OR ZONING BOARD OF ADJUSTMENT;

BY AMENDING SECTION 34 TO PROVIDE FOR PUBLIC HEARINGS BEFORE THE PLANNING COMMISSION
ON APPLICATION FOR ZONE CHANGES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO;
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIO-
LATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, having been reported on favorably was read in full to the
Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled ordinance No. 669 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed or-
dinance on collection agencies, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed or-
dinance to adopt the 1955 Building Code, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the Warm Air Heating Code, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed or-
dinance to amend the Electrical Code, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed or-
dinance governing charitable solicitation, requested additional time before reporting.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

ORDINANCE NO. 669
Planning Commission

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Building Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Warm Air Heating
Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Electrical Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Solicitors
ORDINANCE NO. 670	An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE AMENDING SECTION 14, CHARTER 11, ALSO KNOWN AS

Claim Filing	SECTION 5 OF ORDINANCE NO. 240, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE; PROVIDING FOR FILING OF

	CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES OR PERSONAL INJURIES, WRONGFUL DEATH AND OTHER TORTS; PROVIDING

FORM OF CLAIM AND LIMITING TIME IN WHICH CLAIMS MAY BE FILED; AND OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably, was read in full to the
Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 670 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE      An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE SALE OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS

 Agricultural	WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN PREVIOUSLY INSPECTED AND CLASSIFIED

BY THE STATE QUARANTINE OFFICER; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to
Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE      An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING SALES OF HYPODERMIC SYRINGES OR

Hypodermics	NEEDLES EXCEPT TO DULY AUTHORIZED PERSONS AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ILLEGAL POSSES-

SION THEREOF, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and re-
ferred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance

Curb Parking	to eliminate curb parking on South 5th Street requested additional time until the public

hearing has been held on October 1$, 1955; before reporting.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE 	Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for recommendation on the ordinance to
			Plumbing Code 	adopt the 1955 plumbing code requested additional time before reporting.

VARIANCE PROTEST	At this time the Board considered a petition filed protesting the granting of the Variance

PETITION	to Jack Staggs, Grant Stewart and Dr. J. H. Swartzfager to construct a medical center on

V-31-55	Lots 4 to 12 and 20 to 30 of Block 1, Woodland Park Addition, said application having been

	approved by the Commission on September 28, 1955.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon advised the Commission that the action taken on September
28th was final and all required hearings had been held according to law.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition protesting the granting of the Variance to Messrs
Staggs, Stewart and Swartzfager be filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Sharp,

GLEN HEATHER	Director of Public Works George Wade presented the final map of Glen Heather Estates No.

ESTATES #2	2, together with a proposal from the Lusk Corporation to install paving of l8½ feet

Final Map	and curb and gutter for the east half of Rancho Road.

Approved

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Glen Heather Estates No. 2 be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

"A" STREET	George E. Wade, Director of Public Works made a report at this time on the improvement of

IMPROVEMENT	"A" Street from Oakey to Boston by the installation of paving. Mr. Wade recommended that

PAving Bid	only the paving be done at this time, and that the installation of the storm drain from

Awarded	"A" Street to Main Street be constructed at a future date. He further recommended that

the low bid of Wells-Stewart Construction Company be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the bid of Wells-Stewart Construction Company for the paving of
"A" Street from Oakey Boulevard to Boston Avenue in the total amount of $12,637.00 be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

BID NO. 55.17	Director of Public Works, George E. Wade recommended that the bid of Superior Tire Company

Tires & Tubes	for the furnishing of tires and tubes to the City be accepted, Mr. Wade stated that this bid

Awarded	had been checked by the Street and Finance Departments and it was the opinion that the Good

	Year Tires and tubes were the most acceptable.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 55.17 be awarded to Superior Tire Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

ST. LOUIS AVENUE	At this time Director of Public Works George E. Wade made a report on the extension of

IMPROVEMENT	St. Louis Avenue from Maryland Parkway west to Santa Paula. He stated that at the present

	time rough grading had been completed at a cost of $484.00 for equipment rental. He re-

quested permission to put in gravel on this street at an approximate cost of $1,500 for
labor, equipment and gravel, or a cash output of approximately $700.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that the Director of Public Works be granted per-
mission to proceed with the improvement of the extension of St. Louis Avenue from Mary-
land Parkway to Santa Paula.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that the request of Longley
Construction Co., contractor for the installation of sewers in Schedules D-1 to
D-12, for payment of $8,021.42 be approved. Mr. Wade explained that this is
the 10% retention on the completed portion of this project, but that the City
still retains a performance bond in the amount of $12,527.60.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works be
accepted and that the request of Longley Construction Company for final payment
of $8,021.42 on the completed portion of Schedule D of the Sewer Improvement
Program be approved and signatures on the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Director of Public Works George E. Wade discussed with the Commission
the proposed installation of sewer lines in the area south of Bonanza Road,

a portion of which is owned by the Union Pacific Railroad Company. Mr. Wade
advised that when the contract was let for the installation of sewers in Schedule
D of the Sewer Improvement Program, it was designed to hold that portion of the
job in abeyance until some future date.

It was determined that a layout of the proposed development of this area should be
submitted by the Union Pacific Railroad Company, but to date only a tentative plan
and pencilled sketches have been received. Discussion was held and the Commission
requested Mr. Wade to contact the Union Pacific Railroad Company to have them sub-
mit their proposed development of this area.

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 8:50 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Mr. Ben Sparks of Galland Electric Company appeared before the Board at this time
to request an extension of time to move his business from 2000 E. Fremont. Mr.

Sparks explained that he had made every effort to remove his business within the
60 days granted on August 17, 1955; but was having difficulty in receiving a permit
to drill a well, power and telephone service. He advised the Board that his build-
ing was under construction at the present time, but was delayed by lack of these
services.

Thereafter, Commissioner Fountain moved that Galland Electric be granted an additional
30 days, or until November 17, 1955; to move from 2000 E. Fremont.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing publication of the
Notice of Public Hearing on Assessment Roll No. 35-1955 for Assessment District No.
200-17, setting the hearing for October 19, 1955 at 7:30 P.M. be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Or-
dinance No. 665, passed, adopted and approved the 21st day of September, 1955.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665 directs the
County Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an assessment roll in accor-
dance with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment
Roll in accordance with said Ordinance and on the 5th day of October, 1955; filed
said Assessment Roll with City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed
in Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665; and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas as directed by Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assess-
ment to be published as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of October, 1955;
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to publish notice of the time and place when and where the Board and the
County Assessor and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to consider objections to
said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be
published once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal;
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
SCHEDULE D
Payment to Contrac-
tor

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
U.P.R.R. Property
South of Bonanza Rd.

BUSINESS LOCATION
Galland Electric

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 200-17
Notice of Public
Hearing on Assess-
ment Roll
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall he
in substantially the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of October, 1955.

ATTEST:

City Clerk	Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT

TO ALL PERSONS INTERESTED IN SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-17,

TAKE NOTICE:

That the roll of special assessment heretofore made by the assessor for
the purpose of defraying that part of the costs, to-wit, the entire costs, which
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas decided should be paid and borne
by special assessments for installing a sanitary sewer in and along the following
streets and alleys and parts of streets and alleys and easements therein:

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 24 and 26 Valley View Addition.

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 20, 21, 26, 27 and 28 Valley
View Addition, from the easterly line of Lot 6 of each Block
eastwardly to the existing sewer in "A" Street.

ADAMS AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, 390 feet
Westerly; WASHINGTON AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street,

500 feet Westerly.

"H" STREET from the intersection of Washington Avenue to the inter-
section of Adams Avenue.

The East-West alley bisecting Block 32, HFM&M Addition from the
center line of "H" Street, 79½ feet eastwardly to an existing sewer
in said alley,

is now on file at my office for public inspection, all pursuant to the provisions of
Emergency Ordinance No. 666, adopted the 21st day of September, 1955.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, will meet in the Council Room of the City Hall
at Fifth Street and Stewart Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday, the 19th day
of October, 1955, at the hour of 8:00 o'clock P.M., to review said assessment, at
which time and place opportunity will be given all persons interested to be heard.

Any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the
City Clerk, in writing, at any time prior to the time set for hearing.

DATED:	October 5, 1955.

SHIRLEY BALLINGER_______

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing publication of the
Notice of Public Hearing on Assessment Roll No. 34-1955 for Assessment District No.
100-36, setting the hearing for October 19, 1955 at 7:30 P.M., be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Ordinance
No. 666, passed, adopted and approved the 21st day of September, 1955.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 666 directs the County
Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-officio City Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an assessment roll in accordance with the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment
Roll in accordance with said Ordinance and on the 5th day of October, 1955, filed
said Assessment Roll with City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed in
Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 666; and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas as directed by Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 666; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assessment
to be published as required by Section 67 of the Chanter of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of October, 1955, that
the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby directed

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36

Notice of Public
Hearing on Assess-
ment Roll
to publish notice of the time and place when and where the Board and the
County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to consider objections
to said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall
be published once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment
shall be in substantially the form attached to this Resolution and made a part
hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of October, 1955.

ATTEST:

City Clerk	Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT

TO ALL PERSONS INTERESTED IN SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-36,

TAKE NOTICE:

That the roll of special assessment heretofore made by the assessor for
the purpose of defraying that part of the costs, to-wit, the entire costs, which the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas decided should be paid and borne by
special assessments for curbing, guttering and paving of the following streets and
parts of streets:

OWENS AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H" Street to the center line
of "B" Street; HARRISON AVENUE, VAN BUREN AVENUE, JACKSON AVENUE, MON-
ROE AVENUE, MADISON AVENUE, WASHINGTON AVENUE, and MORGAN AVENUE from
the Westerly line of "H" Street to the Easterly line of "A" Street;

ADAMS AVENUE from the Westerly Line of "H" Street to the Easterly line
of "D" Street and from the Westerly line of "C" Street to the Easterly
line of "A" Street; MCWILLIAMS AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H"

Street to the Westerly right-of-way line of the Union Pacific Rail-
road; WILSON AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H" Street to the Wester-
ly line of the Union Pacific Railroad; "H" STREET, "G" STREET, "F"

STREET, "E" STREET, "D" STREET, AND "C" STREET from the northerly
line of Bonanza Road to the Northerly line of Owens Avenue; "B" Street
from its intersection at "A" Street to the Northerly line of Owens
Avenue; "A" STREET from the South line of the East-West alley in Block
2, Original Las Vegas Townsite as recorded in Book 1, Page 46, of Plats,
Clark County Records, to an intersection with the Eastwardly projection
of the South line of Owens Avenue,

is now on file at my office for public inspection, all pursuant to the provisions
of Emergency Ordinance No. 665, adopted the 21st day of September, 1955.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, will meet in the Council Room of the City Hall
at Fifth Street and Stewart Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday, the 19th day
of October, 1955; at the hour of 8:00 o'clock P.M., to review said assessment, at
which time and place opportunity will be given all persons interested to be heard.
Any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the
City Clerk, in writing, at any time prior to the time set for hearing.

DATED:	October 5; 1955.

SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Action on the disposition of the Wildcat Lair Building was held in abeyance until
a full Board is present.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp were appointed as a committee to investigate the pro-
posal of V. D. Eachus and E. L. Josephson to trade a portion of the SE¼ of the SE¼
of Section 21, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M for a portion of the City's property located in the
SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 1, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M.

Commissioner Fountain moved that since it is a policy of the Commission on liquor
and gaming licenses that any change of ownership, management or operation be re-
ported to the City, and it appears that the Moulin Rouge Hotel not having kept
the License Department fully advised, that they be given notice to appear before
the Commission at the next meeting to show cause why their licenses should not be
revoked for failure to supply the City with detailed information on changes of
ownership, management and operation as requested by the Chief of Police.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

WILDCAT LAIR
BUILDING

LAND TRADE PROPOSAL
Eachus & Josephson

LIQUOR & GAMING
LICENSES
Moulin Rouge
Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Joe Hall, Vic Hall, Frank Edds, L. B.

Scherer and B. Van der Steen to add Robert Van Santen as a partner on the tavern
liquor license for the Nevada Club, 113 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to came before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST: 	APPROVED:



City Clerk:		Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 19, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 19th day of October, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Mayor C. D. Baker

This being the time set for the public hearing on the proposed amendment to the liquor
ordinance, His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked for discussion from the audience.

Mr. Jack Conlon of the Clark County Licensed Beverage Association appeared at this time and
stated that his group objected on the following points:	

1.	SECTION 2. The limiting of one package liquor store to every 1,000
population. Mr. Conlon estimated that if the population figure given
by the Chamber of Commerce is 50,000 persons, that there would be an
opening for eleven new package liquor stores. The Association further
objected to package liquor licenses issued to grocery stores because
it is more accessible to minors.

2.	SECTION 3,- Subsection 11. This group protested the taking away of
miniatures from package liquor stores that have a beer bar. Mr. Con-
lon explained that there are only seven states in the United States
that allow the sale of miniatures, and that these small bottles of
liquor are becoming a collector's item for the tourist trade.

3.	SECTION 3,-Subsection 18. With reference to the Service Bar that
would be permitted if this ordinance is adopted, the Association
feels that this is merely another bar or tavern.

4. SECTION 5. Mr. Conlon stated that the group ^elt that the area where
taverns are permitted is too confining since it only allows this type
of license in a four block area.

5.	SECTION 13. The Association wondered about the practicability of re-
quiring a "unanimous" vote of the Board of Commissioners for assigning
or transferring a license.

Mr. David Zenoff, representing the owners of the Las Vegas Bowl, Inc. who are constructing
a bowling alley on South 5th Street south of Duffey's Tavern, was present at this time.

Mr. Zenoff explained that this client was very anxious to be permitted to have a tavern
license, and assured the Commission that every possible provision to separate the bar from
the bowling alley so that minors would not be in contact with this operation were being
made. He further stated that they felt that a bar was very necessary to the success of
their business, and advised the Commission that an investment of $650,000 had been made
to construct this 24 alley bowling alley.

Mr. Ed Ciliax requested clarification on whether or not his proposed amendment to the
liquor ordinance would affect existing licenses. He was advised that it would apply to
new applications only. Mr. Ciliax also asked what was intended by 20,000 square feet
in shopping centers. He was advised that it meant sales space.

10-19-55

LIQUOR LICENSE
Addition of Partner
Nevada Club

PUBLIC HEARING
Proposed Amendment
to Liquor Ordinance
Mr. Bob Grippentog of the Bonanza Market stated that he thought the limitation of
package licenses made a hardship on the small business man.

Mr. Maxwell Kelch asked clarification on Section 2 concerning the issuance of package
liquor licenses to shopping centers or grocery stores of 20,000 square feet, as to who
should be entitled to the liquor license and if the shopping center must be under the
same ownership. The Board advised Mr. Kelch that the area would include all stores in
a shopping center and a license could be issued to either a tenant or the owner of the
premises.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bunker moved this ordinance be taken under advisement until a
full Board is present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Jack Conlon requested notification when this matter would be considered again.

His Honor advised Mr. Conlon that the Clerk would notify him.

This being the time set for public hearing on the proposed ordinance to eliminate curb
parking on South 5th Street from Oakey Boulevard to San Francisco Avenue, His Honor
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone present who wished to comment on
this matter.

Mr. Daniel Simmons of 2305 South 5th Street appeared before the Commission and filed
a petition protesting the elimination of parking in this area, signed by 29 persons.

Mr. Simmons stated that he had secured signatures of 90% to 98% of the businesses in
this area and requested that the ordinance hot be adopted. He advised the Commission
that it would be very detrimental to his business and to the other signers of the
petition if the parking is eliminated.

Mr. Murray Peterson, owner of the Round Up Drive In and Liquor Store was present at
this time and stated that he was in favor of the elimination of parking on South 5th
Street.

Mr. Franklin Bills speaking for the Traffic and Parking Commission explained that it
was not the intent of that Commission to work a hardship on the businessmen, but it
was their opinion that it was a matter of public safety and convenience.

Mr. Stuart Dawson of 2305 South 5th Street also appeared and protested this proposed
ordinance.

Commissioners Sharp and Whipple reported favorably on this proposed ordinance since
it had been recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission, the State Highway De-
partment and the City Planning Department.

Thereafter, an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 58

CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1959, BY ADDING A NEW SUBSECTION TO PREVENT VEHICLE PARK-
ING ON SOUTH FIFTH STREET BETWEEN OAKEY BOULEVARD AND SAN FRANCISCO STREET; PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CON-
FLICT THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read in
full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance 671 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Earl Turmon to
reclassify Lot 11, Block 21, HFM&M Addition, on Jackson Avenue between "F" and "G"
Streets, from R-3 to C-2, His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were
filed or voiced.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this application for rezoning be
denied on the basis that it would be "spot zoning" and that the property is isolated
from any existing commercial zoning by residential lots.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accep-
ted and this application for rezoning of Lot 11, Block 21, HFM&M Addition from R-3
to C-2 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Carl M. Belding,
et al, to reclassify Lots 1 and 2, Block 8, amended map of Mayfair Tract No. 2 from
R-1 and R-3 to R-4 and Lot 32, Block 1, Mayfair Tract No. 1 from R-3 to R-4, His Honor
asked if there were any protestants present. The Clerk advised the Commission that
there was a petition signed by l6 property owners, protesting this rezoning.

Mrs. Frieda Fifield of 1703 Carson appeared and requested approval of this application
for rezoning. Mrs. Fifield stated that she also spoke in behalf of Mr. Carl Belding
who was unable to be present at this time. She stated that her property was adjacent to
commercial property and requested favorable consideration of the Board.

Mr. Harold Rushton, 113 South 17th Street also appeared in favor of this proposed
rezoning.

PUBLIC HEARING
Proposed Ordinance
5th Street Curb Parking
Ordinance No. 671
Adopted

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-21-55
 Earl Turmon
Denied

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-27-55
 Carl Belding
Denied
The Planning Commission recommended that this application be denied on the grounds
that it would eventually lead to reclassification of all of Mayfair Tract, which is
designed for single family homes.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and this application for rezoning of Lots 1 and 2, Block 8, amended map
of Mayfair Tract #2 from R-1 and R-3 to R-4 and Lot 32, Block 1, Mayfair Tract #1
from R-3 to R-4, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Twin Lakes Corp.,
by Lloyd L. St. John to reclassify the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 29, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M,
from R-1 to R-3-T. The Commission was advised that the description used in the public
hearing notice was inaccurate because it embraces the whole 80 acres of Twin Lakes
Corporation.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on this application for
rezoning be held November 16, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the assessment and
hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the proposed improvements
in Assessment District No. 100-36, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 34-1955.

The Mayor Pro Tem then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that the fol-
lowing property owners had filed protests in her office prior to this meeting:

Mrs. Vivian Woolley	806	North	"C"	Street

Mrs. James A. Gay	8ll	North	"B"	Street

Thelma Dalton Swanner	210 McWilliams

Leona Stump	109	W. McWilliams

Laura Beckman	800	North	"B"	Street

Audrey Bascorn	719	North	"B"	Street

Mr. & Mrs. M. L. Butler	8ll½ North "A" Street

Hugh & Thelma Cameron	820 North "B" Street

Thelma Cameron	815-817 North "B" Street

Mrs. Bess Jones	813	North	"A"	Street

Mrs. Henry Campbell	8l6	North	"A"	Street

Elmo Terry	817	North	"A"	Street

Jose A. Pacheco	829	North	"B"	Street

Ethel Angell	118	Morgan

Susanna J. Mankiewiz	8l0	North	"B"	Street

R. D. Fonda	710 W. Bonanza

The Mayor Pro Tem then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any further objections,
suggestions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assessment roll.
There were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assessment
District No. 100-36 be recessed until November 2, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the assessments
and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the proposed improve-
ments in Assessment District No. 200-17, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 35-1955.

The Mayor Pro Tem then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that no
objections had been filed in her office.

The Mayor Pro Tem then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, sugges-
tions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assessment roll. There
were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this public hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assessment
District No. 200-17 be recessed until November 2, 1955 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 55*18 for the furnishing of electric
lamps to the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following firms:

Pavell Electric Supply Co.	1023 South 1st

Electric City Appliance	752 Fremont

Osborne Electric Supply Co.	835 W. Bonanza

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-29-55
Twin Lakes Corp.
Hearing Reset

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 200-17
Public Hearing on

Assessment Roll

BID NO. 55.18
Lamp Contract
Bid Opening
Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager for
computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 55.20 for the street repair con-
tract, bids were received from the following firms:

WELLS CARGO INC.	$2,744.50

IDEAL ASPHALT	3,305.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public
Works for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to write a letter to the owners
of the Moulin Rouge, Inc. notifying them that they are not to reopen without clearing
the license with the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissionas

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Engineer George E. Wade presented an easement from Jessie N. Hunt for St. Louis
Street and recommended that this deed be accepted.

On Motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wen-
dell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of October, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
l4th day of September, 1955; executed by Jessie N. Hunt, a widow, to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purpose and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

City Engineer George E. Wade presented an easement from Walter K. Hughes for the
installation of a storm drain in Hyde Park No. 2 and recommended that this deed be
accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of October, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated the
29th day of September, 1955; executed by Walter K. Hughes and Trilma Laverne Hughes,
husband and wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

George E. Wade, City Engineer, presented a deed from Richard and Violet Swartz for the
widening of 25th Street, and recommended that this deed be accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of October, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the

BID NO. 55.20
Street Repair Contract
Bid Opening

MOULIN ROUGE
Liquor & Gaming
Licenses



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
St. Louis Street

Easement



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Hyde Park #2
Storm Drain

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
25th Street
3rd day of October, 1955, executed by Richard Swartz and Violet Swartz, husband and
wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and inten-
tions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

George E. Wade, City Engineer, presented a deed from Jessie N. Hunt for St. Louis
Street, and recommended that this deed be accepted.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of October, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement dated
the 5th day of October, 1955; executed by Jessie N. Hunt, a widow, to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

At this time George E. Wade, City Engineer, presented deed correcting the description
on the property granted to the State of Nevada for their building on the southeast
comer of Bonanza and 2nd Streets.

Commissioner Sharp moved this deed be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The request of Harry Hayden Whitely, architect for the proposed Prison Farm, for pay-
ment of $600.00 was presented for consideration.

The Board instructed City Engineer George E. Wade to request Mr. Whitely to present
plans on this proposed construction to the Commission before payment is authorized.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon presented the modification of the agreement with the Clark
County Humane Society for the operation of the Animal Shelter. Mr. Cannon explained
that this modification incorporated the description of the new location of the Shelter.

Thereafter, Commissioner Sharp moved the modification of agreement for the Animal Shel-
ter with the Clark County Humane Society be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrant Nos. 7027 to 7490 inclusive in the net
amount of $60,553.34 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrant Nos. 4561 to 4695 inclusive
in the total amount of $96,575.59 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ira Halliburton dba Western Cab Company
for license for two replacement taxicabs be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of
cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

GENE'S AUTO BODY	1528	South "A"	B.	D.	Walsh

W. M. K. TRANSITMIX	1606	Industrial	Rd.	B.	D.	Walsh

W. M. K. INDUSTRIAL BLDG.          2133	Industrial	Rd.	B.	D.	Walsh

LAS VEGAS MACHINE	1701	South "A"	B.	D.	Walsh

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
St. Louis Street

CORRECTED DEED
State Building

PRISON FARM ARCHITECT

ANIMAL SHELTER AGREEMENT
Clark County Humane
Society

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

TAXI APPLICATION
CIGARETTE LICENSES
A. A. GARAGE	1501 South Main	B.	D.	Walsh

A. A. ACE TOWING	1238 South Main	B.	D.	Walsh

RANDLES AUTO BODY	7l6 North Main	B.	D.	Walsh

ED FERRIS GARAGE	7lS North Main	B.	D.	Walsh

NORD'S AUTO SERVICE	1321 South Main	B.	D.	Walsh

VEGAS VILLAGE SUPER MARKET 1500 North 5th	Wollenzien & Wendelboe

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 9:05 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:25 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of October 5, 1955 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for renewal of gaming license
for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved in the same form and condition as last
quarter:

HUNTRIDGE DRUG STORE	W.L. Holst	Jr.	1310 E. Charleston	6	slots

HUNTRIDGE LIQUOR STORE	W.L. Holst	Jr.	1320 E. Charleston	8	slots

L & W CAFE	Robert & Linn Wilson 		 18 Garces	3	slots

SAVOY CAFE	D. T. Shea	624 South 5th	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Vegas Enterprises for a license at the Sun
Drug Store, 808 W. Bonanza for license for 2 slot machines for the fourth quarter of
1955; being a new location, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional gaming license for
the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved:

NEVADA CLUB	By: R. Van Santen	113 Fremont	29 slots

MARKET TOWN	By: Merv. Adel son	22 E. Oakey	4 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the application of Gerald Jenson for a Restaurant Beverage
liquor license for the Bonanza Cafe, 4l0 West Bonanza, previously issued to Donald
Laughlin doing business as Laughlin's Cafe at the same location.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Gerald Jenson for a Restaurant Beverage
license for the Bonanza Cafe at 4l0 West Bonanza be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the Board considered the application of William Mull for a Retail Bever-
age license at the Baby Beef Market, 926 North Main Street, previously issued to
William C. Murdock.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William Mull for a Retail Beverage license
at the Baby Beef Market, 926 North Main Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
on Collection Agencies requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
to adopt the 1955 Building Code reported favorably at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Clerk be authorized to publish notice that this Code is on
file and the proposed ordinance ready for adoption.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

MINUTES

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals

GAMING APPLICATION
New Location

GAMING APPLICATIONS
ADDITIONALS

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Change of Owner

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Building Code
An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE WARM AIR HEATING CODE OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ADOPTED BY ORDINANCE NO. 607, BY PROVIDING A NEW SCHEDULE
OF FEES! TERM OF CERTIFICATES OF QUALIFICATION; PROVIDING FOR RENEWALS OF CERTI-
FICATES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners
Sharp and Whipple, was read in full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 672 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 20 OF ORDINANCE NO. 6l0 BY

INCREASING THE NUMBER OF MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF ELECTRICAL EXAMINERS TO SEVEN;

REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPER-
LY RELATED THERETO, was reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Sharp
with the following amendments:

1.	That instead of two members to be selected from a list certified
by the Southern Nevada Power Company that there be one member
from this group, and one Electrical Engineer registered by the
State of Nevada.

2.	That instead of two journeyman electricians on this Board, that
there be two journeyman master electricians, or equivalent.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 673 be adopted, as amended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed or-
dinance to adopt the 1955 Plumbing Code requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on charitable solicitation requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE SALE OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS

WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN PREVIOUSLY INSPECTED AND CLASSIFIED
BY THE STATE QUARANTINE OFFICER; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably
by Commissioners Fountain and Whipple was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 674 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING SALES OF HYPODERMIC SYRINGES OR

NEEDLES EXCEPT TO DULY AUTHORIZED PERSONS AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ILLEGAL
POSSESSION THEREOF; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been re-
ported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 675 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Sharp, Bunker and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Ben Marcus for a secondhand dealers
license at B & D Sales Company, 510 Fremont Street be held for completion of po-
lice investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Bunker and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Theodore Wall for a detective agency at
205 Bridger be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the resignation of Berkley L. Bunker as Commissioner of the
Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas be accepted, and the following resolution
commending Mr. Bunker on his outstanding service on this Board be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, has re-
ceived the resignation of BERKELEY L. BUNKER, effective immediately, as Commissioner
of the Housing Authority for the City of Las Vegas, by reason of assuming the duties
and responsibilities of presiding over the Southern States Mission of the L.D.S.;
and

WHEREAS, his resignation is motivated by opportunities for religious advance-
ment and service in his new position; and

ORDINANCE NO. 672
Warm Air Heating
Code Amendment

ORDINANCE NO. 673
Electrical Code
Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Charitable Solicitation

ORDINANCE NO. 674
Agricultural

ORDINANCE NO. 675
Hypodermics

SECONDHAND DEALERS
LICENSE
B & D Sales

DETECTIVE AGENCY
Theodore Wall

RESOLUTION OF

COMMENDATION

Berkley L. Bunker
WHEREAS, his services to the Housing Authority and to the City of Las
Vegas have revealed his commendable qualities as an individual, as a technician,
and as a devoted servant to efficient and responsible local government;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of October, 1955;
that BERKELEY L. BUNKER be informed of our regret of his resignation, of our in-
terest in his success, and of our confidence in his abilities to serve in his
future capacity in an excellent and faithful manner.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVES that he be commended and thanked for his unselfish
public service and that a copy of this Resolution be spread on the Minutes of
the meeting of the Board of Commissioners and a copy of said Resolution be forwarded
to Honorable Berkeley L. Bunker.

DATED this 20th day of October, 1955.



Mayor Pro Tem 

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Fountain, Bunker, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Leonard Fayle to move a storage building
located at 323 West Bonanza Road 14 feet north of the present location to permit
the construction of a spur track by the Union Pacific Railroad Company, be approved
and the Building Department authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Sharp, Bunker and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that all bids received for the Wildcat Lair Building be
rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time the City Attorney discussed the matter of the service of the Southern
Nevada Telephone Company to the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Cannon explained that under
the existing franchise if the Board determined that service has not been given that
the permit can be revoked. Or, the Commission could request the Public Service
Commission to hold a public hearing on the adequacy of service.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Southern Nevada Telephone Company be requested
to appear at the next regular meeting on November 2, 1955 to show the Board what
they have done and what they are doing to improve the telephone service, and if they
cannot give satisfactory evidence of attempting to provide such service and Improve
the same that the City protest to the Public Service Commission and request that
they hold a public hearing for the Southern Nevada Telephone Company to show cause
why their license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The award of Bid No. 55.19 for the furnishing of mobile radio equipment was held
until the next regular meeting of the Commission on November 2, 1955*

At this time Mr. Milton Bardy, owner of the Lido Bar at 107 North 1st Street
appeared before the Commission and requested that he be permitted to reopen his
tavern, the same having been closed on October 7; 1955 because his check for
license fees was returned by the bank.

The Board advised Mr. Bardy that this was the second time he had appeared for the
same reason.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the tavern liquor license of Milton Bardy at
the Lido Bar, 107 North 1st Street be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Edgar Hammond be appointed as Commissioner of
the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas for the unexpired term of Berkeley
L. Bunker, said term being until June of 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

BUILDING TO BE MOVED
Leonard Fayle

WILDCAT LAIR BUILDING
Bids Rejected

TELEPHONE SERVICE
To Appear at Next
Meeting

BID NO. 55.19
Radio Equipment

LIDO BAR

Liquor License Revoked
No action was taken on the offer of the General Services Administration to lease
the City a portion of the Government property adjacent to the Post Office for a
parking lot at this time.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy advised the Commission that Mrs. Stella Hawkins has
offered to lease her property on the southeast corner of 5th and Ogden to the City
for a parking lot. Mrs. Hawkins' property is 100 feet wide and l40 feet in depth.

It was the decision of the Commission that the City Manager should contact Mrs.
Hawkins further concerning the cost of leasing this lot and then refer the matter
to the Traffic and Parking Commission for recommendation.

City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that Bid No. 55.20 for the Contract for
Street Repair he awarded to the low bidder, Wells Cargo Construction Company in
the total amount of $2,744.50.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and
Bid No. 55.20 awarded to Wells Cargo Construction Company in the total amount of
$2,744.50.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that E. W. Cragin and the First National Bank of Nevada
be granted a 90 day extension of time to install sidewalks in front of their pro-
perty while their proposed new buildings are under construction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378,

REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY
AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND BY CHANGING
THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, was read by title and
referred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp stated that on September 7, 1955 the Burns Construction Com-
pany had appeared before the Commission, at which time they were ordered to bring
the houses in Charleston Heights, Tract No. 5, known as Cliff May homes, up to Code.
The representatives for this Company at this meeting made the statement that they
would fix the discrepancies in the tract, but to date nothing has been done.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy advised the Commission that the report from the struc-
tural engineer will be in on Friday, October 21, after which time a complete report
can be made by the Building Department to the Board.

Consideration was given at this time on the application of the Roman Bishop of the
Catholic Church for a Use Permit to construct a church and rectory on property
situated at the southeast comer of St. Louis and Eastern Avenues.

Planning Director Franklin Bills stated that the applicant was anxious to commence
construction on this building, the use permit for which had been continued by the
Board of Commissioners from May 18, 1955 until the property has been acquired by
the Church.

No action was taken on the matter at this time.

Consideration was given at this time to police inspection of the child nurseries in
the City and investigation of applicants for this type of license. It was determined
that the Police Department be instructed to make bi-monthly inspections of all
child nursery schools and report their findings to the Commission. It was further
authorized that all applicants for a nursery school license be investigated by the
Police Department prior to the issuance of a license.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting recess until October 21, 1955 at 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

 City Clerk		Mayor Pro Tem

10-19-55

PROPOSED PARKING LOTS

BID NO. 55.20
Street Repair Contract
Awarded

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION
5th Street

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Rezoning

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
SUBDIVISION
Cliff May Homes

USE PERMIT - U-15-55
Catholic Church

CHILD NURSERY SCHOOL
Inspection


Las Vegas, Nevada
October 21, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 21st day of October, 1955, was called to order
at the hour of 4:00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the fol-
lowing members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Ass't. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Sharp moved that Raymond Salmon, owner and operator of the Bonanza
Bar, 4l8 West Bonanza, be instructed to appear at the next regular meeting of
the Commission on November 2, 1955 to show cause why his liquor license should
not be revoked for alleged sale of liquor to minors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Discussion was held on the applications of the Golden Gate Club for liquor

and gaming licenses. No action was taken by the Commission on these applications

at this time.

At this time Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney, arrived at the meeting.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy advised the Commission that post cards had been sent
to residents requesting their comments on billing sewer rental fees by the year.

Mr. Kennedy stated that out of 7,000 cards sent, 4,000 had returned and 53.6%
of those that returned were in favor of annual billing. Mr. Kennedy requested
permission to bill yearly as of the 1st quarter of 1956. The Commission granted
this permission.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Building Department be instructed to issue a permit
to Mr. Norton to construct a building on Washington Avenue and North Main Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improve-
ments in Assessment District No. 100-36 will be opened on December 7, 1955:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 665, passed, adopted and approved this 21st day of September, 1955;
and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings hereto-
fore taken to construct said improvements by special assessment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of October, 1955;
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids for
furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service for installing a sani-
tary sewer in and along certain streets and alleys and portions of streets and
alleys and easements in Special Assessment District No. 100-36, as created by
Emergency Ordinance No. 665, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of the receipt
of bids for said construction by publication on October 31; November 7 and November
14, 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said con-
struction will be received until 8:00 P.M. on Wednesday, the 16th day of November,
1955; at which time said bids will be opened.

LIQUOR LICENSE
Bonanza Bar

LIQUOR & GAMING
Golden Gate

SEWER RENTAL BILLING

BUILDING PERMIT

Norton



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Construction Bids
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall he in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of October, 1955.

ATTEST:	

C. D. BAKER, Mayor

City Clerk

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-36
NOTICE TO BIDDERS

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN:	That the Board of Commissioners, Las Vegas,

Nevada, will receive bids for furnishing all labor, materials, transportation,
and services for improvements of proposed Assessment District No. 100-36, more fully
described in the plans and specifications of said District, as created by Emer-
gency Ordinance No. 665, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved
on the 21st day of September, 1955; each bid to be in accordance with the plans,
specifications and other contract documents now on file with the City Clerk at
the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their bids,
a sworn statement of their financial responsibility, technical ability and ex-
perience. Such sworn statement may be required to be furnished before award
is made to any particular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the office of the
City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be accompanied by a certified or cashier's
check or bid bond for five per cent (5%) of the amount of the bid, made payable
to the order of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be sealed and filed with the
Board of Commissioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada, on or before the 19th
day of October, 1955; at 8:00 P.M., and will be opened and publicly read aloud at
or about 8:00 P.M. of that day in the Council Chambers.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that the
bidder will enter into the contract if awarded to him and will be declared for-
feited if the successful bidder refuses to enter into said contract after being
requested to do so by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, reserves
the right to reject any or all bids or waive any informality in a bid.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of ninety (90) days after the
date set for the opening thereof.

DATED:	October 21, 1955.

SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Publish:	October 31, November 7, and	City Clerk

November l4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and Carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution

NO. 200-17	authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improve-

Construction Bids	ments in Assessment District No. 200-17 will be opened December 7; 1955:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 666, passed, adopted and approved this 21st day of September, 1955;
and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore
taken to construct said improvements by special assessment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of October, 1955,
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids for
furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service for installing a sanitary
sewer in and along certain streets and alleys and portions of streets and alleys
easements in Special Assessment District No. 200-17, as created by Emergency Or-
dinance No. 666, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of
bids for said construction by publication on October 31, November 7 and November
14, 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Com-
missioners he directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said construc-
tion will be received until 8:00 P.M. on Wednesday, the l6th day of November, 1955;
at which time said bids will be opened.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall be in substantially the form
attached to this resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of October, 1955.

ATTEST:	____________________________

C. D. BAKER, Mayor

City Clerk

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-17

NOTICE TO BIDDERS

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN:	That the Board of Commissioners, Las Vegas,

Nevada, will receive bids for furnishing all labor, materials, transportation and
services for improvements of proposed Assessment District No. 200-17, more fully
described in the plans and specifications of said District, as created by Emer-
gency Ordinance No. 666 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved on
the 21st day of September, 1955; each bid to be in accordance with the plans,
specifications, and other contract documents now on file with the City Clerk at the
City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their bids,
a sworn statement of their financial responsibility, technical ability and ex-
perience. Such sworn statement may be required to be furnished before award
is made to any particular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the office of
the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be accompanied by a certified or cashier's
check or bid bond for five per cent (5%) of the amount of the bid, made payable
to the order of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be sealed and filed with the
Board of Commissioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada, on or before the 19th
day of October, 1955; at 8:00 P.M., and will be opened and publicly read aloud
at or about 8:00 P.M. of that day in the Council Chambers.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that the
bidder will enter into the contract if awarded to him and will be declared for-
feited if the successful bidder refuses to enter into the contract after being re-
quested to do so by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, reserves
the right to reject any or all bids or waive any informality in a bod.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of ninety (90) days after the
date set for the opening thereof.

DATED:	October 21, 1955.

SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Publish:	October 31; November 7 and

November 14.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy advised the Commission that he had had inquiry from the
Nevada Tax Commission as to whether or not the City intended to license any addi-
tional Race Horse Books.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be deferred.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. John Carolla, engineer for the proposed new sewer plant and improvement program
was present at this time. Mr. Carolla advised the Commission that the Outfall line
could be engineered and constructed within seven months and it will require seven
months to commence construction on the sewer plant.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Headman, Ferguson and Carolla be authorized to pro-
ceed with plans and specifications for the approach outfall sewer line and sewer
treatment plant at Site #2.

RACE HORSE BOOKS
SEWER PROJECT
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Director of Public Works and City Manager be
authorized to proceed to acquire approximately 160 acres for the sewer treatment
plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Carolla Agreed to a time limit on the preparation of the plans of three
months for the outfall line and seven months on the sewer plant.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Sharp moved the revocation of the liquor license of the Lido

Lido Bar	Bar, 107 North First Street taken October 1$, 1955 be rescinded.

Action Rescinded

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William H. Elwell for the tavern
liquor license of the Lido Bar, 107 North First Street as a transfer from
Milton N. Bardy, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to came before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:		APPROVED: 

City Clerk		Mayor Pro Tem



Las Vegas, Nevada
October 28, 19555

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Date: October 28, 1955

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on
the 28th day of October, 1955; at the hour of 4.30 P.M. to consider the follow-
ing matters:

1.	Golden Gate liquor and Gaming licenses

2.	Rehabilitation of the Westside

____C.D. Baker______________

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP,

REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI,
Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of
Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall
5th and Stewart , on the 28th day of October, 1955; at the hour of 4.30 P.M.
to consider the following matters:
1.	Golden Gate liquor and gaining licenses

2.	Rehabilitation of the Westside

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing ser-
vice of special meeting.

C.D. Baker	A.H.	Kennedy

Harris P.Sharp	E.W.	Fountain

Reed Whipple	R.W.	Notti

Howard W. Cannon,	_____________

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 28th day of October, 1955 was called to order
at the hour of 4.30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

GAMING & LIQUOR

LICENSES 	Consideration was given at this time to the application of the Golden Gate
	Club for liquor and gaining licenses.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Alfred Durante, Leo Massaro, Italo Ghelfi,
Robert Picardo, Fred De Tore, Bernard F. Perata, A.A. Harris and Remy
Gacherieu be granted a gaming license for the Golden Gate Club, 1 Fremont
for the fourth quarter of 1955 for 115 slots, 3"21", 2 Craps, 1 Roulette,
and 1 Keno with 50 chairs.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp, qualifying his second by stating
that it was the policy of the Commission not to vote on new liquor and
gaming unless there was a full Board present, but the other members of
the Board were aware that this was coming up and had indicated they would
grant the licenses if a favorable police report was furnished. The motion
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Sid Martin for a tavern liquor
license for the Golden Gate Club, 1 Fremont, formerly issued to J.K. Houssels
dba Sal Sagev Tavern be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

At this time Commissioner Fountain arrived at the meeting.

REHABILITATION

PROGRAM	Franklin Bills, Director of Planning gave a report on the progress of setting

	up the rehabilitation program at this time.

There being no further business to came before the Commission, the meeting
adjourned.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



         City Clerk 	Mayor
Las Vegas, Nevada
November 2, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held this 2nd day of November, 1955; was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

WESTSIDE TRAILERS	Mr. Calvin Magelby appeared before the Commissions, representing several of

	the residents of the Westside to request that the Trailer Ordinance No. 507

be amended to allow the parking of trailers on private property. Mr. Magelby
stated that he specifically represented Messrs. Sage and Burke. Mr. Magelby
explained that the moving of these trailers would work a financial hardship
on the residents and requested its amendment in this provision.

Mayor Baker explained that this ordinance had been adopted in 1952 along
with the County and North Las Vegas. He stated that previous to its adop-
tion that it was not permissible to park a trailer on private property un-
less the person was building a house.

Mr. James Hal1 of 1013 "G" Street appeared in favor of the enforcement of
this ordinance and the cleaning up of the Westside.

The following persons appeared in protest to the ordinance:

Cecil Jones

Jennie Lee Coleman, 422 W. Jackson
Feraline McKinney, 820 W. Adams
David Kile, 810 "D" Street
Willie Reynolds
Virginia Brock

The Commission asked for a standing vote of those who favored th improve-
ment programs planned for the installation of sewers, streets, curbs and
gutters. Thirty-five people stood in favor of this, none were opposed.

At the hour of 8.05 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the
hour of 8.15 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

TELEPHONE SERVICE	At this time representatives of the Southern Nevada Telephone Company were

	present to explain what had been done and what is being done to correct the

unsatisfactory service being furnished the city.

Mr. Leo McNamee appeared as the Telephone Company's attorney and introduced
Mr. W.P. Hollis, sales manager of the Kellogg Company who furnished the equip-
ment for the installation of the dial system.

Mr. Hollis spoke to the Commission and explained that difficulties had arisen
for the following reasons:

1.	Las Vegas had had tremendous growth in population which makes it hard
for the Telephone Company to keep up and to establish a planned program.

2.	There is quite a migratory visiting population which taxes the telephone
system.

3.	In Las Vegas there had never been a dial system before and lots of the
trouble is from incorrect dialing.

Mr. C.H. Sim of the Kellogg Company also spoke on trouble that has been exper-
ienced because there is a need for redistribution of traffic.

Mr. Wieler explained the difficulty encountered in the switchboard installed in
the City Hall and stated that new equipment had been ordered and should be here
for installation within 90 to 120 days. Mr. Wieler stated that cables were being
installed in Madsen Manor, Eastwood, Jubilee and Westleigh Tracts and the phones
should be installed within a very short time.

Commissioner Bunker asked when they would discontinue four-party lines.

Mr. Wieler stated that they were trying to handle requests for business tele-
phones first.

The Mayor asked for a standing count of people present who had experienced tele-
phone trouble during the last two weeks. Forty-seven people stood. Eight per-
sons present indicated they had not had trouble with their service.

Commissioner Bunker moved this hearing be closed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time set for public hearing on the following rezoning:

P-1 Zone

1)	FROM R-1 and R-3 to P-1 - The half block strip 140 feet in depth, from
Bridger to Charleston from the alley east of 5th Street to 6th Street.

2)	FROM R-3 and R-4 to P-1 - The half block strip, 140 feet in depth, from
Clark to Hoover from the alley west of 5th Street to 6th Street.

3)	FROM R-1 to R-3 - The half block strip, 140 feet in depth, between 6th
Street and the alley east of 6th Street from Bonneville to Hoover.

4)	FROM R-3 to R-4 - The half block strip, 140 feet in depth from Bridger
to Hoover from 4th Street to the alley west of 4th Street.

Mr. C. Norman Cornwall appeared before the Commission and presented a peti-
tion protesting this proposed rezoning. He stated that the petitioners were
in favor of rezoning this property to C-1 rather than P-1.

Mr. I.R. Crandall of 819 South 6th Street was present and stated that the resi-
dents in his neighborhood were objecting to the P-1 and favored rezoning to C-1.

Mr. H. Forgerson representing the people on the east side of 4th Street objected
to the rezoning to P-1.

Mr. William Ruymann on behalf of the residents on the west side of 4th Street
objected to the rezoning to P-1, but favored C-1 if the property on the east
side of 4th Street was rezoned as such.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be referred back to the Planning Commis-
sion for further study concerning the extension of the commercial zone.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING - Z-29-55	This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Wilbur Clark

Wilbur Clark	for rezoning from R-l and R-3 to R-4 of a portion of the NE¼ of the SW¼ of the

NW¼ of Section 1, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M, said property bordered by Clifford, Atlantic,
Wengertand Euclid Avenues, His Honor asked if there were any objections to this
rezoning.

Mr. and Mrs. Albert Schouten, 2200 Wengert appeared and protested on the basis
that it would depreciate the value of their property. They objected to the fact
that there was proposed a two story apartment building with the back facing on
Wengert Avenue.

Commissioner Whipple moved this hearing be continued until November 16, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Sharp and Fountain were appointed as a committee to investigate this
matter and report back to the Commission.

REZONING Z-24-55	This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Amy Lee

Amy Lee Houser	Houser, et	al,	to reclassify Lots 1 to 8, Block 24; Lots 9 to 16, Block 25; Lots

1 to 6, Block 25; Lots 1 to 6, Block 21; and Lots 7 to 12, Block 20 of Valley
View Addition from R-3 to R-4 and Lots 10-12, Block 22, HFM&M Addition from R-3
to C-2, His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced or filed.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for rezoning be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Ccm-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

REZONING Z-44-54	This being the time set for the public hearing on the	rezoning from R-4 to C-2

NW comer of 11th	of Lots 31 and 32, Block 24, Pioneer Heights Addition and Lots 16 and 17, Block

and Garces	23, Wardie Addition, being the northwest comer of 11th and Garces, His Honor

	asked if there were any objections. None were filed or voiced. The Planning

Commission recommended that this application be denied.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assess-

no. 100-36	ment District No. 100-36 be recessed until December 21, 1955.

Hearing on Assessment
Roll
Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolu-
tion directing the rescinding of previous resolutions authorizing the publica-
tion of notice for construction bids for the installation of improvements in
Assessment District No. 100-36:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create for the public improvement all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance 665, passed, adopted and approved the 21st day of September, 1955;
and

WHEREAS, resolutions were passed calling for the advertisement for con-
struction bids for said special assessment district, such resolutions Being
passed on September 21, 1955 and on October 21, 1955; and

WHEREAS, said notices were not published due to unforeseen delays; and

WHEREAS, it is desired to rescind the resolutions of September 21, 1955
and October 21, 1955 and to direct the advertisement for construction bids
in accordance with the proceedings heretofore taken to construct said im-
provements by said special assessment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioner of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 2nd day of November,

1955; that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she
is hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will re-
ceive bids for the furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service
for installing paving, curbing and guttering in and along certain streets
and portions of streets in Special Assessment District No. IOO-36, as created
by Emergency Ordinance No. 665, in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt
of bids for said construction by publication in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
construction will be received until 8.00 P.M. on Wednesday, the 21st day of
December, 1955; at which time said bids will be opened.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the resolutions of September 21, 1955 and
October 21, 1955 directing publication of notice of the receipt of bids be
and the same are hereby rescinded, annulled and of no effect,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-36
NOTICE TO BIDDERS

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN:	That the Board of Commissioners, Las Vegas,

Nevada, will received bids for furnishing all labor, materials, transportation,
and services for improvements of proposed Assessment District No. 100-36, more
fully described in the plans and specifications of said District, as created by
Emergency Ordinance No. 665, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and ap-
proved on the 21st day of September, 1955; each bid to be in accordance with
the plans, specifications and other contract documents now on file with the
City Clerk at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their
bids, a sworn statement of their financial responsibility, technical ability,
and experience. Such sworn statement may be required to be furnished before
award is made to any particular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the office
of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be accompanied by a certified or
cashier's check or bid bond for five per cent (5%) of the amount of the bid,
made payable to the order of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be sealed
and filed with the Board of Commissioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada,
on or before the 21st day of December, 1955, at 8.00 P.M., and will be opened
and publicly read aloud at or about 8.00 P.M. of that day in the Council Cham-
bers.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that
the bidder will enter into the contract if awarded to him and will be declared
forfeited if the successful bidder refuses to enter into said contract after
being requested to do so by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
reserves the right to reject any or all bids or waive any informality in a bid.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of ninety (90) days after
the date set for the opening thereof.

DATED:	November 10, 1955.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER______

SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

11-2-55
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.



Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolu-
tion directing the rescinding of previous resolutions authorizing the publica-
tion of notice for construction bids for the installation of improvements in
Assessment District No. 200-17:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create for the public improvement all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance 666, passed, adopted and approved the 21st day of September, 1955; and

WHEREAS, resolutions were passed calling for the advertisement for con-
struction bids for said special assessment district, such resolutions being
passed on September 21, 1955 and on October 21, 1955; and

WHEREAS, said notices were not published due to unforeseen delays; and

WHEREAS, it is desired to rescind the resolutions of September 21, 1955
and October 21, 1955 and to direct the advertisement for construction bids
in accordance with the proceedings heretofore taken to construct said im-
provements by said special assessment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 2nd day of November,
1955, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she
is hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will re-
ceive bids for the furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service
for installation of a sanitary sewer in and along certain streets and portions
of streets, alleys and easements in Special Assessment District No. 200-17, as
created by Emergency Ordinance No. 666, in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt
of bids for said construction by publication in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
construction will be received until 8.00 P.M. on Wednesday, the 21st day of
December, 1955, at which time said bids will be opened.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the resolutions of September 21, 1955 and
October 21, 1955 directing publication of notice of the receipt of bids be
and the same are hereby rescinded, annulled and of no effect,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-17
NOTICE TO BIDDERS

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN: That the Board of Commissioners, Las Vegas, Nevada,will receive bids for furnishing
all labor, materials, transportation and services for improvements of proposed Assessment District No. 200-17,
more fully described in the plans and specifications of said District, as created by Emergency Ordinance No.

666 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved on the 21st day of September, 1955, each bid to
be in accordance with the plans, specifications, and other contract documents now on file with the City Clerk
at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their bids, a sworn statement of their
financial responsibility, technical ability and experience. Such sworn statement may be required to be fur-
nished before award is made to any particular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada;
shall be accompanied by a certified or cashier's check or bid bond for five per cent (5%) of the amount of
the bid, made payable to the order of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be sealed and filed with the Board
of Commissioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada on or before the 21st day of December, 1955, at 8.00
P.M., and will be opened and publicly read aloud at or about 8.00 P.M. of that day in the Council Chambers.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that the bidder will enter into the
contract if awarded to him and will be declared forfeited if the successful bidder refuses to enter into said
contract after being requested to do so by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, reserves the right to reject any or
all bids or waive any informality in a bid.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of ninety (90) days after the date set for the opening thereof.

DATED:	November 10, 1955	/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.
Motion seconded, by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assess-
ment District No. 200-17 be recessed until December 21, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

****** see P. 52B

Mr. Robert Cohen appeared on behalf of Mr. Raymond Salmon of the Bonanza Bar,

4l8 West Bonanza and requested that this matter be continued until the next meet-
ing. Mr. Cohen stated that Mr. Salmon had been called out of town because of the
illness of his brother.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tavern liquor license of the Bonanza Bar, 4l8 West
Bonanza be suspended until November l6, 1955 at which time Mr. Salmon is to ap-
pear to show cause why his license should not be revoked for reported sale of
liquor to minors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. David Zenoff appeared before the Commission representing Mr. John Replogle
in his request for variance to construct an addition to his building at 1501
South 5th Street extending 6 feet inside the set-back line on Lot 1, Block 23,
Boulder Addition. Mr. Zenoff explained that the buildings on either side of
Mr. Replogle were closer to the property line and hide Mr. Replogle's building
from view.

Discussion was held, and the matter was taken under advisement.

At the hour of 10.35 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the
hour of 10:45 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Mr. Richardson representing 200 beauty operators appeared and protested the pro-
posed installation of a beauty college who will allow their advance students to
do hair styling at a lesser cost.

These people were advised to contact City Attorney Howard W. Cannon to draft a
proposed ordinance for submission to the Commission at the next meeting.

Director of Public Works, George E. Wade recommended that the improvements in
Twin Lakes Subdivision Tract No. 3 be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works be
accepted and these improvements accepted and the bond for Twin Lakes Subdivi-
sion Tract No. 3 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

George E. Wade,Director of Public Works recommended that either the bid of Os-
borne Electric or Parvell Electric on Bid No. 55.18 for the furnishing of elec-
tric lamps be accepted. Mr. Wade stated that both bids allowed 42½% discount and
the products furnished were equally good.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 55.18 be awarded to Osborne Electric.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade presented the preliminary plans of the
Prison Farm prepared by Harry Hayden Whiteley and requested that payment of
$600.00 be made to Mr. Whitely.

Commissioner Fountain moved the preliminary plans on the Prison Farm be ap-
proved and Mr. Whiteley paid $600.00 for this work and signatures authorized
on the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none;

Consideration was given to the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for a por- 
tion of West Charleston Boulevard from A1 Wendelboe and Jack Wollenzien.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

(RESOLUTION COPIED IN MINUTE BOOK NO. 10)(AT end of these

minutes)

The Commission considered the application of Gomer and Pauline Jones and
L. L. Snyder for a use permit to construct a trailer park on property loca-
ted at 1001 North Main Street, legally described as a portion of the NE¼ of
Section 27, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M in an M-1 Zone. The Board of Adjustment rec-
ommended approval of this application.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for use permit be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 200-17

Hearing on Assessment
Roll

LIQUOR LICENSE SUSPENDED
Bonanza Bar



BUILDING VARIANCE

John Replogle

BEAUTY OPERATORS



TWIN LAKES #3
Release of Bond

BID NO. 55.18
Electric Lamp
Contract Awarded

PRISON FARM PLANS

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
W. Charleston

USE PERMIT - U-33-55
Jones & Snyder


in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered
the application of Gamer and Pauline Jones and L.L. Snyder to construct
a trailer park on property located at 1001 North Main Street, legally de-
scribed as a portion of the NE¼ of Section 27; T20S, R6lE, MDB&M; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Gamer and Pauline Jones and L.L. Snyder to construct a trailer park on prop-
erty located at 1001 North Main Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Lloyd Skrenes for
O.M. Kulien and Elmer and Esther Simila for variance to construct an off-
street parking lot on property at the Southeast corner of 11th and Bonne-
ville in an R-4 zone, Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2. The
Board of Adjustment recommended that this application be denied.

Mr. Skrenes appeared and requested approval for this parking lot which he
stated was badly needed.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels appeared on behalf of the Maryland Park Manor Apart-
ments, protesting the granting of this variance.

Thereafter, Commissioner Fountain moved this application for variance be ap-
proved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered the
application of O.M. Kulien and Elmer and Esther Simila to construct an off-
street parking lot on property at the Southeast comer of 11th and Bonneville
in an R-4 zone, Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment de-
nying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of O.M.
Kulien and Elmer and Esther Simila to construct an off-street parking lot on
property located at the Southeast comer of 11th and Bonneville, Lots 1 and 2,
Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2, subject to installation of improvements in ac-
cordance with City ordinances, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the First Church of Christ Scientist
to build to the rear property line at the comer of 7th and Bridger on Lots 29
and 30, Block 6, Wardie Addition, in an R-3 zone. The Board of Adjustment reco-
mended that this application Bor variance be approved. No objections were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved and the fol-
lowing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered the
application of the First Church of Christ Scientist to build to the rear property
line at the comer of 7th and Bridger on Lots 29 and 30, Block 6, Wardie Addi-
tion; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
First Church of Christ Scientist to build to the rear property line at the cor-
ner of 7th and Bridger on Lots 29 and 30, Block 6, Wardie Addition, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the application of Lawrence Sage to continue use of residential and
business trailers at 702 North "A" Street, Lots 1 and 2, Block 32, Original Las
Vegas Townsite, was considered. The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
was that this application for variance be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be ac-
cepted and this application for variance denied, and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered the
application of Lawrence Sage to continue use of residential and business trailers
at 702 North "A" Street, Lots 1 and 2, Block 32, Original Las Vegas Townsite; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment deny-
ing this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Lawrence
Sage to continue use of residential and business trailers at 702 North "A" Street,
Lots 1 and 2, Block 32, Original Las Vegas Townsite, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

VARIANCE - V-36-55
Kulien & Simila

VARIANCE v-37-55
First Church of Christ
Scientist



VARIANCE - V-38-55
Lawrence Sage
Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Ramsarut Maraj for vari-
ance to operate a chiropractic office at 712 Madison, Lot 3, Block 29, HFM&M.
This application was approved ty the Board of Adjustment and Fire and Health
Departments, for a period of one year.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance he approved for one
year and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered the
application of Dr. Ramsafut Maraj to operate a chiropractic office at 712
Madison, Lot 3; Block 29, HFM&M; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment,

Fire and Health Departments approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE,it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr.
Ramsarut Maraj to operate a chiropractic office at 712 Madison, Lot 3; Block
29, HFM&M, he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The Commission considered the application of Dr. Charles I. West for extension
of time on a variance granted for him to conduct a doctor's office at 605
Wyatt Street, Lot 25, Block 3; Berkeley Square. The Board of Adjustment recom-
mended that an extension of sixty days from the December expiration, be
granted.

Commissioner Bunker moved Dr. West' he granted a sixty day extension from the
expiration period of this variance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the rezoning application of the Judy Rich
Enterprises for rezoning of the Tam Tract from M-1 and R-4 to C-2, he con-
tinued until November l6, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain,Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the application of the L.D.S. Church
for rezoning of five parcels of land located in Section 26 and 27, T20S, R6lE,
MDB&M. This rezoning is described as follows:

1)	FROM r-1 to C-2 -the West 85O feet of the South 1,067 feet of the North
1,857 feet of the NW¼ of Section 26.

2)	FROM R-1 to R-4 - The South 1,067 feet of the North 1,857 feet of the
NW¼ of Section 26, except the West 350 feet.

3)	FROM	R-1	to	R-3	-	The East 350	feet of	the	SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26.

4)	FROM	R-1	to	R-3	-	The East 350	feet of	the	NE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 26.

5)	FROM	R-1	to	C-2	-	A portion of	Section	27.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for rezoning he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Sharp and Mayor Baker.

The Board considered the application of Draper H. Hand to rezone the North
one-half of the NW¼ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M
from R-E to R-1. The Planning Commission recommended that only the NE¼ of
the NW¼, SW¼, NE¼ he rezoned at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Draper H. Hand to rezone the NE¼
of the NW¼ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-E to
R-1 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Clifford Jones for G.C. Scrimshaw
to rezone a portion of the S½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 35,
T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to C-1. The Planning Commission approved this ap-
plication providing there are no general parking entrances or exits on Clark
Avenue.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning he approved pending
the signing of an agreement for the installation of all offsite improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The application of Charles J. Lewis and Walter DeCourcy for rezoning of the
NE¼ of the NW¼; and the S½ of the NW¼; and the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 30,
T20S, R62E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1, was considered at this time. The Plan-
ning Commission approved this application for rezoning.

VARIANCE - V-39-55
Dr. R. Maraj

VARIANCE V-60-55

Dr. Charles I. West

REZONING Z-32-54

Tam Tract

Continued



REZONING Z-30-55
L.D.S. Church

REZONING - Z-32-55
D.H. Hand

REZONING - Z-33-55
G.C. Scrimshaw

REZONING Z-36-55
Lewis & DeCourcy
Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple took the chair at this time.

The Board considered the application of Baker and Hazard,Inc. and Burke &

Wyatt, Inc. for rezoning of a portion of Section 21, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M. The
Planning Commission recommended that only a portion of this application be
approved, which is the North 798.87 feet of the South 988.87 feet of the East,
1,118.54 feet of the SW½ of the SE½ of Section 21 from R-E to R-1.

Commissioner Sharp moved this rezoning as recommended by the Planning Commis-
sion be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker disqualified himself from voting since
he owns this property.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 55.19 for the furnishing of
mobile radio equipment be awarded to Motorola Communications and Electronics,
the low bidder.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 55.19 be awarded to Motorola Communica-
tions and Electronics.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Jack E. Staggs for renewal of the
gaming license for the Mayfair Drug Co., 1422 Fremont for 8 slot machines for
the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following new applications for gaming license for
the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved:

DESERT SNACK CAFE	C.R. Millhizer	222 No. Main	2 slots

MEADOWS RESTAURANT	Cecil J. Meadows	1404 Fremont	3 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William F. Kee and Mar Y. Yeong
for a gaming license for the Club Louisiana, 1666 North "G" Street be held in
abeyance until the Police report is ready.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of R. Van Santen for 4 additional slot
machines at the Nevada Club, 113 Fremont for the fourth quarter of 1955 be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commission Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrant Nos. 7491 through 7961 in the net
amount of $65,571.21 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 4696 to 4826
inclusive in the amount of $39,571.90 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of October 19, 21, and 28, 1955 be ap-
proved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following partners be added to the gaming and
liquor licensees of the California Club, 105 Fremont:

Oakley Townsend	Robert Gordon

Edward Draper	M. Smith

V. Silvestri	Edward Margolis

H.J. Powers	R. Costello

Art Kostal

REZONING Z-37-55
Baker & Hazard, Inc.

&

Burke & Wyatt, Inc.



BID NO. 55.19
Radio Equipment
Award

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Renewals



New

Additional

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



LIQUOR & GAMING
LICENSES

Addition of Partners


Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the liquor ordinance, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on Collection Agencies, requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE ERECTION, CONSTRUCTION, EN-

LARGEMENT, ALTERATION, REPAIR, MOVING, REMOVAL, CONVERSION, DEMOLITION, OCCUPAN-
CY, EQUIPMENT, USE, HEIGHT, AREA AND MAINTENANCE OF BUILDINGS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS AND COLLECTION OF FEES
THEREFORE; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ORDINAN-
CES NUMBERS 130,166,188,284, 303,421, 526, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDI-
NANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners
Sharp and Whipple, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled ordinance No. 676 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp reported favorably on the adoption of the 1955
Plumbing Code, with the following corrections:

Section 2.5 - Change the membership on the Board of Plumbers Examiners
from two to one member from the Las Vegas Valley Water
District, and one member a registered mechanical engineer
in the State of Nevada.

Section 1004- Change so that galvanized, wrought iron and steel water
pipes may be permitted under concrete slabs if properly
treated.

Section 1103 - Deleted.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the Clerk be authorized to publish notice
that the 1955 Edition of the Plumbing Code is on file and ready for adoption.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; nos,
none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR LICENSING OF SOLICITATIONS

FOR CHARITABLE OR WELFARE PURPOSES; DEFINING TERMS AND ESTABLISHING STANDARDS
FOR CREATING, REVOKING, OR DENYING SUCH LICENSES; ESTABLISHING A REVIEW BOARD;
PROVIDING FOR APPEALS; PROVIDING CERTAIN ACTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIO-
LATION HEREOF; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
HEREWITH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been
reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, was read in full
to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 677 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye:noes,
none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378,

REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY
AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING
THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, having been reported
on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 678 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION

4 OF ORDINANCE NO. 364, AS AMENDED BY SECTION 2 OF ORDINANCE NO. 379, ALSO
KNOWN AS SECTION 5, CHAPTER 29 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, PROVIDING FOR AN-
NUAL BILLING FOR SEWER CHARGES, PAYMENT FEE REQUISITE TO ISSUING OF LICENSE;
DECLARING CHARGES TO BE A LIEN; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO,
was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recom-
mendation.

City Attorney Howard W.Cannon requested permission to employ John Spann,City
Attorney for Sparks, Nevada, as his assistant, effective November 15, 1955.

Mr.Cannon explained that Mr. Spann had agreed to work for the City no less
than one year.

Commissioner Sharp moved that John Spann be employed as Assistant City At-
torney, effective November 15, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Attorney Cannon explained that Bonanza Airlines had requested the City
to join with them in petitioning the Civil Aeronautics Board for extension of
airline service from Bakersfield to Los Angeles, via Riverside, Apple Valley
and Ontario.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

ORDINANCE NO. 676
Building Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Plumbing Code

ORDINANCE NO. 677
Charitable

Solicitation



ORDINANCE NO. 678
Rezoning

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Sewer Rental

ASSISTANT CITY ATTORNEY



C.A.B. HEARING
Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be authorized to intervene in be-
half of the City to request extension of Bonanza Airlines service from Bakers-
field to Los Angeles via Riverside, Apple Valley and Ontario.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented the request of Maude Bartlett for reduction
of the solicitor's license fee to see Childcraft.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to reduce this license
as he sees fit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be granted permission to attend the
National Institute of Municipal Law Officers conference in Miami, Florida, Novem-
ber 20-27th with $500.00 expenses allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be authorized to spend $750.00 for
the improvement of North 2nd Street from Bonanza Road to the Naval Armory and
approximately $1,000 for the improvement of Highland Avenue from Charleston to
Western Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that John Replogle be retained as the architect for
the plans on the Fire Alarm Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;

Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Engineering Department be authorized to adver-
tise for bids for the construction of the new fire station on Industrial Road.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting ayes; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney's salary be increased from $500.00
to $600.00 per month effective November 1, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	

 City Clerk	RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed Whipple,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made: BE IT

RESOLVED, this 2nd day of November, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 26th day of October, 1955;
executed by A1 Wendleboe and Leona H. Wendleboe, husband and wife and Jack Wollenzien and Lottie
H. Wollenzien, husband and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be

attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.
STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of

Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the Resolution

accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners held on the 2nd day of November, 1955.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

(SEAL)	Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

For: West Charleston Boulevard	By________________, Deputy

SOLICITORS' LICENSE
REDUCTION

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
City Attorney

STREET IMPROVEMENT
North 2nd & Highland

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Architect Hired

FIRE STATION BIDS
To be called

SALARY INCREASE
City Attorney
Las Vegas, Nevada
November 16, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this l6th day of November, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7.35 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Mgr.	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Twin Lakes

Rezoning	Corporation for the rezoning from R-1 to R-3-T of the East 780 feet of the South

Twin Lakes Corp.	660 feet of the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 29, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, His Honor asked

	Mr. Lloyd St. John to speak to the Commission, Mr. St. John stated that his plans

for this trailer park are quite elaborate and include a 25 foot plot of grass
for each trailer. He advised the Commission that he had circulated 500 letters
of explanation of the project with post cards to be mailed if there was no ob-
jection. He stated that he had received 32 cards back and 16 were in favor and
16 opposed.

Mr. Benjamin Kump of 1105 Orange Avenue appeared and stated that he is the chair-
man of the Twin Lakes Home Owner's Association, and they had circulated a petition
protesting this rezoning and had secured 130 signatures. Mr. Kump explained that
they felt that a trailer park would devaluate their property and requested that
the Commission deny the application.

The following people were present to object to the rezoning:

Mrs. E. J. Peterson	1001 Vernon Avenue

Hugh Taylor	2820 Washington

Jim Espy	2804 Washington

There were also filed, six protests from property owners.

At this time the meeting recessed to received bids for $2,875,000 General Ob-
ligation Bonds.

GENERAL OBLIGATION	Mayor Baker announced that this was the time for the opening of the bids for

BONDS	each of the four issues of General Obligation Bonds, in the total principal

	amount of $2,875,000.00 as advertised pursuant to the resolution of the Board

of Commissioners adopted on October 5, 1955. All proposals were therefore
opened.

Bids for the City's Sewer Bonds, Series December 1, 1955, in the aggregate
principal amount of $2,000,000.00 were received as follows:

John Nuveen & Co, Boettcher & Co.,

Central Republic, Stem Brothers,

Foster & Marshall, Seasongood &

Mayer, Taylor & Co., Hannaford &

Talbot, Juran & Moody, and McDowgal

& Condon	4.55%	No premium

Bids for the City's Police Detention Bonds, Series December 1, 1955, in the
aggregate principal amount of $275,000.00 were received as follows:

John Nuveen & Co. and Associates   4.55%	No premium

Bids for the City's Fire Extinguishing System Bonds, Series December 1, 1955,
in the aggregate principal amount of $400,000.00 werereceived as follows:

John Nuveen & Co., and Associates 4.55%	No premium

Bids for the City's Fire Alarm System Bonds, Series December 1, 1955, in the
aggregate principal amount of $200,000.00 were received as follows:

John Nuveen & Co., and Associates 4.55%	No premium

At the hour of 8.15 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the
hour of 8.30 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the bid of John Nuveen & Co., and Associates,
being the best bid received for said Sewer Bonds be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent :	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the bid of John Nuveen & Co., and Associates,
being the best bid received for said Police Detention Bonds be accepted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the bid of John Nuveen & Co., and Associates,
being the best bid received for said Fire Extinguishing System Bonds be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the bid of John Nuveen & Co., and Associates,
being the best bid received for said Fire Alarm System Bonds be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE RESULT OF THE SPECIAL BOND

ELECTION HELD AT THE SAME TIME AS THE GENERAL CITY ELECTION OF MAY 3, 1955;
RATIFYING, APPROVING, AND CONFIRMING ACTION HERETOFORE TAKEN RELATING TO, AND
PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF $2,875,000.00 NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, INCLUDING ITS GENERAL OBLIGATION SEWER BHDS, SERIES DECEMBER 1,
1955, IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $2,000,000.00, GENERAL OBLIGATION
POLICE DETENTION BONDS, SERIES DECEMBER 1, 1955, IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL
AMOUNT OF $275,000.00, GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM BONDS, SERIES
DECEMBER 1, 1955, IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $400,000.00, AND GENERAL
OBLIGATION FIRE ALARM SYSTEM BONDS, SERIES DECEMBER 1, 1955, IN THE AGGREGATE
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $200,000.00; PRESCRIBING THE FORM OF SAID BONDS; PROVIDING
FOR THE LEVY AND COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL AD VALOREM TAX; AUTHORIZING THE EXECU-
TION OF SAID BONDS; AND PRESCRIBING OTHER DETAILS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, was
read by title and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Whipple for recommendation.

At this time the hearing on the rezoning application of Twin Lakes Corporation
was resumed.

Mr. David Goldwater appeared on behalf of the Twin Lakes Corporation and requested
approval of this application. Mr. Goldwater pointed out that the closest resi-
dence to this proposed project was 750 feet.

Mr. Paul Carter, home owner in Twin Lakes Village appeared and protested the
granting of this rezoning.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and this application of Twin Lakes Corp. for the rezoning from R-l to
R-3-T of the East 780 feet of the South 660 feet of the N½ of the SW¼ of Section
29, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Robert Cohen appeared in behalf of Mr. Raymond Salmon, owner of the Bonanza
Bar to show cause why his tavern liquor license should not be revoked for reported
sale of liquor to minors. Mr. Cohen stated that the minor served had shown
the bartenders credentials indicating that he was 23 years old. Mr. Cohen re-
quested that Mr. Salmon be granted permission to reopen his bar.

Commissioner Bunker moved the matter of revocation of the Bonanza Bar tavern
liquor license be continued until December 21, 1955, and during the interim
Mr. Salmon be given permission to reopen his business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Fountain.

At this time Mr. Floyd Cope, owner of the Bottle House, 827 South 5th Street
appeared before the Commission to show cause why his license should not be
revoked for reported sale of liquor to minors. Mr. Cope explained that this
was his first offense, and that the clerk who had sold the liquor had left
town and he had been unable to contact here.

Mr. Cope was warned to be sure that this does not happen again.

Mr. Sam Collins and his attorney Mr. Herb Jones appeared before the Commission
at this time to show cause why the package liquor license of Sallie's Liquor
Store, 2120 E. Charleston should not be revoked for reported Sale of liquor to
minors. Mr. Jones explained that the other owners were out of town in hospi-
tals. Mr. Jones explained that this matter had been appealed to District Court,
and it was their contention that the event had not occurred. They further
stated that this is the first time there had been any trouble at this location,
and requested that the license not be revoked.

They were warned and no further action was taken.

This being the continuation of the public hearing on the application of Wilbur
Clark for rezoning from R-1 and R-3 to R-4 of a portion of the NE¼ of the SW¼
of the NW¼ of Section 1, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M, Commissioner Sharp reported that he
had investigated the matter and felt that it was in the best interests of the
public to rezone the property.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Genl Obligation
Bonds

PUBLIC HEARING
Rezoning
Twin Lakes Corp.

BONANZA BAR
License Revocation

BOTTLE HOUSE
Liquor License
Revocation

SALLIE'S LIQUOR STORE
Liquor License
Revoqation

REZONING- Z-29-55
Wilbur Clark
The following people appeared and protested the rezoning:

Mr. Felix

Richard W. Dowler

Mr. & Mrs. Albert Schouten

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Com-
mission be accepted and this property rezoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, Mayor Baker. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of Louis Miranti for rezoning of
Blocks 7 and 18; Block 6, save and except Lots 9,15,16 and 47; Block 19, save
and except Lots 11,19 and 20; and Block 30; save and except Lots 9 and 11, Las
Vegas Square Subdivision(Brentwood Park) from R-1 to R-3. The recommendation
of the Planning Commission was that this application be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning be continued until De-
cember 7; 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp/Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.



At this time the Board considered the application of Richard Tam Tract for rezoning of
the Tam Tract from M-1 and R-4 to C-2.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application be referred back to the Planning
Commission with the recommendation that this property be rezoned to C-C.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent: Commissioner Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of the Home Investment Company of
Long Beach for reclassification of a parcel of vacant land lying adjacent to
and West of 25th Street, having a frontage of approximately 6l0 feet, on the
North side of Bonanza Road, consisting of approximately five acres, from R-1
to C-C.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for rezoning be approved as recom-
mended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Sam Lionel appeared on behalf of the Land O' Sun in their petition for
annexation of the S½ of Section 35, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M to the City. This re-
quest has been approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance until the petition
is in proper order.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, and Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Cedar Manor be approved subject
to receipt of a letter from the School Board concerning a school site, con/
necting sewers, and access roads from present roads.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Charleston Heights #12 be ap-
proved subject to receipt of a letter from the School Board concerning a school
site, connecting sewers, and access roads from present road.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-

sent: Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of Pauline Donnell for rezoning of
Lots 11 to 16, Block 17, Buck's Subdivision from R-3 to R-4. This application
was denied by the Planning Commission.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted, and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Fountain.

REZONING - Z-34-55
Louis Miranti

REZONING - Z-32-54
Tam Tract

REZONING -Z-18-55
Home Investment

ANNEXATION
Land 0' Sun

TENTATIVE MAP
Cedar Manor

TENTATIVE MAP
Charleston Heights
#12

REZONING - Z-38-55
Pauline Donnell
The Commission considered the application of Home Investment Company for reclass-
ification of the SE¼ of Section 6, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-E to R-1. This ap-
plication was approved by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of Gladys Smith, et al for the rezoning
of the N½ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, from R-E to R-1. The
Planning Commission recommended this application be denied.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. William Singleton appeared on behalf of William Clark in his application for
rezoning of Lots 1 through 7, Block 10, Mayfair Tract #2 from R-4 to C-2, which
was denied by the Planning Commission. Mr. Singleton requested that Mr. Clark's
application be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of Wilbur Roesselet and Carl Johnson
for the rezoning of Lot l6, Block 22, Boulder Addition from R-4 to C-2, as approved
by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of Douglas W. MacMillan, for the re-
zoning of a portion of the W½ of the SW¼ of Section 32, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from
R-E to R-1. This application was denied by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Mayor Baker stepped down from the Chair and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple took over the
meeting at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Highland Square #1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Not voting, Mayor
Baker. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mayor Baker again took over the conducting of the meeting.



The application of Kenneth M. Searles and James E. Bahan of the Anderson Dairy
for a variance to construct a building and operate the business of processing
ice cream and milk products and selling the same on property legally described
as a portion of the W½ of the NW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, lying im-
mediately South of the Woodlawn Cemetery in a C-2 zone, was considered at this
time. The Board of Zoning Adjustment recommended this application be approved
with the stipulations that there be landscaping and beautification of property
backing up to the Woodlawn Cemetery.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved subject to
the signing of an agreement to be prepared by the Director of Public Works, and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the l6th day of November, 1955; having considered the
application of Anderson Dairy to build and operate a business of processing
ice cream and milk products and selling the same on property legally described
as a portion of the W½ of the NW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application for variance;

REZONING - Z-39-55
Home Investment

REZONING - Z-40-55
Gladys Smith

REZONING - Z-41-55
William Clerk



REZONING - Z-42-55
Roesselet & Johnson

REZONING - Z-43-55
D.W. MacMillan



TENTATIVE MAP
Highland Square #1

VARIANCE - V-30-55
Anderson Dairy
NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Anderson
Dairy to build and operate a business of processing ice cream and milk products
and selling the same on property legally described as a portion of the W½ of the
NW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M be approved and the inspection departments
authorized to issue the necessary permits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Robert E. Jones appeared on behalf of George Heyer, to request an extension
of time on the use permit granted for the installation of a shopping center at
the intersection of Bonanza and Rancho Roads. Mr. Jones explained that this use
permit expires this date.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Mr. Heyer be granted an extension of time on this
use permit until January 16, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that the final map of Twin Lakes Estates
be approved subject to the receipt and approval of the bond by the City Attorney.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Twin Lakes Estates be approved subject
to the approval of the bond by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

George E. Wade, City Engineer recommended the final map of Twin Lakes Village #4
be approved subject to the receipt and approval of the bond by the City Attorney.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Twin Lakes Village No. 4 be approved
subject to the approval of the bond by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that the Elks Club be granted a 90 day
extension of time for the installation of sidewalks along the Helldorado Village
property on North 5th Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Elks Club be granted a 90 day extension of time for
this sidewalk installation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

The applicants for a tavern liquor license at the Club Louisiana, 521 Jackson
Street were informed that no action could be taken on their application since
there were not any licenses available.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Joseph Campanelli for a restaurant
beverage license at Campanelli's, 630 South 11th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William F. Kee, Mar Y. Yeong and Clayton
B. Mar for a gaming license for the Club Louisiana, 521 Jackson for 1 Craps, 1 Race
Horse Keno, 1 "21" and 1 Poker for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Earl E. Wilson for license for 2 slot
machines at Mel's Hamburger Stand, 623 Carson for the fourth quarter of 1955 be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail sale
of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

BLACKETT'S DRIVE INN	2110 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

DESERT POULTRY	1506 South Main	Sutton	Vending

FRIENDLY LIQUOR STORE	6l6 West Bonanza			Sutton Vending

GOLDEN GATE CLUB	1 Fremont			Sutton Vending

MEADOWS CAFE	l4th & Fremont	Sutton	Vending

MOULIN ROUGE MOTEL	Westside	Sutton	Vending

SELLMAN'S AUTO CO.	801 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER CO.	4th & Stewart	Sutton	Vending

STRIP COFFEE SHOP	1328 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

3 MINUTE CAR WASH	701 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

USE PERMIT - U-44-54
George Heyer

TWIN LAKES ESTATES
Final Map

TWIN LAKES VILLAGE
No. 4
Final Map

SIDEWALK INSTALLATIONS

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Louisiana Club

Campanelli' s

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

CIGARETTE LICENSES


Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of November 2, 1955 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 7962 to 8431 in the net amount
of $60,796.03 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 4827 to 4981 in-
clusive in the total amount of $80,721.85 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker,Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Fountain.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy requested permission to request bids for fire fighting
equipment, to be opened on December 7, 1955.

Commissioner Sharp moved that bids for this equipment be received on December 7,
1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Kennedy presented two leases for parking lots on the comer of 5th and Ogden
Streets. One from the MacDonald Hotel Enterprises and the other from Stella Hawkins
for a period of ten years at a rental of $550.00 per month. The Commission dis-
cussed this matter and requested that a cancellation clause on the part of the City
be inserted so that the lease may be terminated by the City after three years upon
proper notice.

Commissioner Sharp moved the lease with MacDonald Hotel Enterprises and Stella
Hawkins for parking lots on 5th and Ogden be approved subject to the cancellation
clause, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the agreement with Will Stewart et al and Ralph Seward
et al for the purchase of 80 acres from each group in Section 10, T21S, R62E, MDB&M
at $400.00 per acre be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same
and that warrants in the amount of $100.00 for each seller be prepared and approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Whipple, And His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not voting, Commis-
sioner Sharp. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Sun Youth Foundation to use the
Recreation Center February 20 to February 23, 1956 for the Golden Gloves Tourna-
ment. Discussion was held and the Commission felt that there would be too much
damage to the floor.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request for use of the Recreation Center be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy was given authority to accept the highest bid for the
Wildcat Lair received by December 20, 1955.

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple were appointed on the Convention Hall Committee,
to serve when requested.

Commissioner Sharp, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed ord-
inance to adopt the 1955 Plumbing Code, requested additional time before reporting.

Mr. E.P. Tate and Ivan Nichols of the Plumber and Pipefitters Local #525, were pres-
ent and requested permission to meet with the committee on these proposed changes.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on Collection Agencies requested additional time before reporting.

MINUTES



PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT
Bids to be Received

PARKING LOT LEASES

SEWER PLANT PROPERTY
Purchase

USE OF RECREATION CENTER

WILDCAT LAIR

CONVENTION HALL
COMMITTEE

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies
An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 4 OF ORDINANCE NO. 364, AS

AMENDED BY SECTION 2 OF ORDINANCE NO. 379, ALSO KNOWN AS SECTION 5, CHAPTER 29 OF
THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, PROVIDING FOR ANNUAL BILLING FOR SEWER CHARGES, PAYMENT
FEE REQUISITE TO ISSUING OF LICENSES; DECLARING CHARGES TO BE A LIEN; AND OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners
Bunker and Sharp was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled ordinance No. 679 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the appeal filed protesting the granting of a variance
to O.M. Kulien and Elmer and Esther Simila to construct an off-street parking lot
to provide patron parking for adjacent commercial and professional buildings on
property at the southeast comer of 11th and Bonneville in an R-4 zone (Lots 1 and
2, Block 2, Maryland Tract #2).

Commissioner Bunker moved a public hearing on this matter be held on December 7,

1955 at 7.30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the clerk be authorized to notify Mr I G. C. Luzier that
the agreement for curb cut at 5th and Gass to permit angle parking has expired.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Harry Levy for license for 6 slot
machines at the Friendly Liquor Store, 6l6 W. Bonanza for the fourth quarter of
1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of C. R. Millhizer for a Restaurant Bev-
erage license for the Silver Club Cafe, 505 Jackson be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

ORDINANCE NO. 679
Sewer Rental



VARIANCE - V-36-55
Kulien & Simila
Appealed

CURB CUT
G. C. Luzier

GAMING APPLICATION
New 

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New 
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 5, 1955

( CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 5th day of December,

1955 was called, to order at the hour of 5.00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem
Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Mayor C.D. Baker

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon

At this time the Board considered the application of the Las Vegas Bowl, Inc. for
a use permit to conduct a restaurant and tavern in connection with a bowling alley
at 1825 South 5th Street. This application had been approved by the Board of Ad-
justment .

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this use permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a special meeting on the 5th day of December, 1955; having considered the applica-
tion of the Las Vegas Bowl, Inc. for a use permit to conduct a restaurant and tav-
ern in connection with a bowling alley at 1825 South 5th Street, in a C-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Las
Vegas Bowl, Inc. for a use permit to conduct a restaurant and tavern in connection
with a bowling alley at 1825 South 5th Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Las Vegas Bowl, Inc. by M. B.

Dalitz, Israel Alderman, and H. C. Springston for license for 16 slot machines
at 1825 South 5th Street for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the transfer of the tavern liquor license of Happy Vic's,
117 North 1st Street formerly issued to Abe and Robert Kroloff to the Las Vegas
Bowl, Inc. Sgt. Wayne McDorman advised the Board that the only applicant he had
cleared on this license was H.C. Springston.

Mr. David Zenoff, representing the Las Vegas Bowl explained to the Commission
that there would be a complete segregation of the bowling alley for children from
the bar and cocktail lounge. He further stated that Mr. Springston is the general
manager of the business, and would be solely responsible for the activities.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of M. B. Dalitz, Israel Aider-
man and H.C. Springston for transfer of the tavern liquor license from Happy Vic's
to the Las Vegas Bowl, 1825 South 5th Street be approved subject to the filing of
a letter of transfer from Abe and Robert Kroloff, and approval by the Police De-
partment of the balance of the officers of the corporation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

APPROVED:

M%yor Pro Tem 

ATTEST:

City Clerk

USE PERMIT - u-37-55
Las Vegas Bowl

GAMING APPLICATION
Las Vegas Bowl

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Las Vegas Bowl


CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Date: December 5, 1955

To:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be
held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 5th day of December, 1955; at the hour of 4.30 P.M. to
consider the following matters:

1.	USE PERMIT (U-37-55) - Application of Las Vegas Bowl to conduct a restaurant and tavern
in connection with a bowling alley at 1825 South 5th Street.

2.	Liquor and Gaming Applications for Las Vegas Bowl, Inc.

/s/ REED WHIPPLE__________

Mayor Pro Tem

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and

A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor Pro Tem,
a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the
Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 5th day of December, 1955; at the hour of 4.30
P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	USE PERMIT (U-37-55) - Application of Las Vegas Bowl to conduct a restaurant and tavern in
connection with a bowling alley at 1825 South 5th Street.

2.	Liquor and Gaming Applications for Las Vegas Bowl, Inc.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER_________

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/ REED WHIPPLE	/s/ A.H. KENNEDY

/s/ WENDELL BUNKER	/s/ HOWARD W. CANNON

/s/ E.W. FOUNTAIN	/s/ ROBERT W. NOTTI

/s/ HARRIS P. SHARP

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 7; 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held this 7th day of December, 1955 was called to order at the hour of
7.35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Mgr.	R. W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that this was the time set for public hearing
on the appeal of the granting of the variance to Lloyd Skrenes for O.M. Kulien
and Elmer and Esther Simila to construct an off-street parking lot to provide
patron parking for adjacent commercial and professional buildings on property
at the Southeast comer of 11th and Bonneville (Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Mary-
land Tract No. 2) in an R-4 zone. The Mayor announced that this variance had
been granted by the Commission on November 2, 1955 and an appeal had been filed
November 14, 1955.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels, representing the owners of Maryland Park Manor Apartments
was present and objected to this variance. She said that she had checked the
parking on this street during various times of the day for the last two weeks,
and there seemed little need for off-street parking.

Mr. James C. Young, representing Mrs. Olga Shields, property owner in the area,
was present and also opposed this variance. He said that Mrs. Sheilds had made a
substantial investment in the City and was planning to make her home here.

Lloyd Skrenes, Vaughn Holt and Dr. Robert Morrison spoke in favor of the rezoning.
Mr. Holt presented a petition signed by twenty-three property owners in the area
who are in favor of the variance. He stated that there are thirty property owners,
two are protesting, twenty-four were contacted and did not object, and the other
seven are unavailable.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance for further
study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 55*21 for the furnishing of
two prefabricated buildings, one for the Cemetery and one for the Garage, bids
were received from the following firms:

General Builders
Utah Crane & Rigging
Las Vegas Mahine Co.

Sierra Construction Co.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Director of Public Works for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 55.26 for the furnishing
of Fire Fighting Equipment, bids were received from the following firms:

Seagrave Corporation
American La France Corp.

Crown Coach Corp.

Mack Fire Apparatus

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the request of Earl Hartke for an extension of 90 days
on his variance for the installation of a service station on the comer of 25th
and Owens.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request for 90 day extension be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE - V-36-55
Public Hearing
on Appeal
Kulien & Simila

BID NO. 55.21
Prefabricated
Steel Buildings

BID NO. 55.26

Fire Fighting
Equipment



VARIANCE - V-9-55-
Earl Hartke
Commissioner Sharp moved, the application of Louis Miranti for rezoning from
R-1 to R-3 of Blks 6,7, 19 and. 30 of Las Vegas Square Subdivision, be con-
tinued until December 21, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the application of Gladys Smith et al, for the re-
zoning of the N½ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, from R-E to
R-1, which was continued from the meeting of November 16, 1955. Director of
Planning Franklin J. Bills reported that the applicants had signed an agree-
ment to put in the curbs, gutters and paving in this area.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Gladys Smith for rezoning from
R-E to R-1 of the N½ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on the appeal of William Clark of
the denial of his application of rezoning of Lots 1 through 6 of Block 10, May-
fair Tract No. 2. be held January 4, 1956 at 7.30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker

Commissioner Fountain moved the action of the Planning Commission rezoning Lots
7 to 11, Block 3; Biltmore Addition from R-2 to R-1 and the rezoning of Lots 1
to 11, Block 4, Biltmore Addition from C-2 to R-2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The petition of the Land O'Sun for annexation of a parcel of land in the S¼ of
Section 35; T20S, R60E, MDB&M was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this property be annexed to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Twin Lakes Village, Tract No. 6 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of Jeanne O'Donnell for a use permit
to convert a maximum of two dwelling units into professional suites on property
situated at 1638 E. Charleston (Lot 6, Block 1, Charleston Square #4) in an R-4
zone. The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was that this application
be approved subject to the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements. Director of Planning Franklin J. Bills reported that this
agreement had been signed.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for use permit be approved and the fol-
lowing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of December, 1955; having considered the ap-
plication of Jeanne O'Donnell for a use permit to convert two dwelling units into
professional suites on property situated at 1638 E. Charleston (Lot 6, Block 1,
Charleston Square #4) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application;

NOW THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Jeanne
O'Donnell for a use permit to convert two dwelling units into professional suites
on property situated at 1638 E. Charleston be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given by the Board to the application of Drs. R.H. Clark and
John L. O'Harra for a use permit to build a small animal hospital and veterinary
office on property situated on Highland Avenue South of West Charleston Boulevard.
The Board of Adjustment approved this application providing the proposed structure
is moved easterly a distance of 10 feet and that ingress and egress to the parking
areas be controlled through curb cuts approved by the City Engineer; and subject
to the signing of an agreement, secured by a bond that the applicants will install
along the easterly portion of Highland Avenue for the distance of their property
the necessary off-site improvements according to plans and specifications for the
development of Highland Avenue.

REZONING - Z-34-55

Louis Miranti



REZONING - Z-40-55
Gladys Smith

REZONING -Z-41-55
Wm. Clark
Appeal of Denial

REZONING -
Z-25-55
Z-26-55



ANNEXATION

Land O' Sun

TWIN LAKES #6
Tentative Map

USE PERMIT
U-34-55

Jeanne O'Donnell



USE PERMIT

U-35-55

Drs. R.H.Clark &

J.L. O'Harra
Commissioner Bunker moved this application for use permit be approved and the fol-
lowing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 7th day of December, 1955; having considered the application
of Drs. R.H. Clark and John L. O'Harra for a use permit to build a small animal hos-
pital and veterinary office on property situated on Highland Avenue south of West
Charleston; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Drs. R.H.

Clark and John L. O'Harra for a use permit to build a small animal hospital and
veterinary office on property situated on Highland Avenue south of West Charles-
ton Boulevard, be and the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions set
forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 8.45 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9*00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission considered the application of Billie Rodgers for a variance to op-
erate a beauty shop at 1014 North E Street (Lot 12, Block 2, HFM&M) in an R-4 zone.

The Board of Adjustment approved this application for variance.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted,
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 7th day of December, 1955; having considered the application
of Billie Rodgers for a variance to operate a beauty shop at 1014 North E Street
(Lot 12, Block 2, HFM&M) in an R-4 zone; and the Board having considered the recom-
mendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Billie
Rodgers for a variance to operate a beauty shop at 1014 North E Street be and the
same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of the Rancho Drive Realty for a variance
to construct a professional office building with the front of the building located
on the front property line on Weldon Avenue between St. Louis and El Centro Place
(Lots 5;6 and 7; Block 3; El Centro Addition #2) in an R-4 zone. The Board of Ad-
justment approved this application providing the use be limited to quarters for
doctors and dentists and that the construction be limited to one story.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved subject to the conditions of
the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 7th day of December, 1955; having considered the application
of Rancho Drive Realty for a variance to construct a professional office building
with the front of the building located on the front property line on Weldon Avenue
between St. Louis and El Centro Place (Lots 5, 6 and 7; Block 3; El Centro Addition
#2) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application providing the use be limited to quarters for doctors and dentists
and that the construction be limited to one story;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Rancho Drive
Realty for variance be, and the same hereby is approved, subject to the conditions
of the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission
that the Uniform Sign Chart as approved by the U. S. Bureau of Public Roads be adopted,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade presented a deed from Baker & Hazard, Inc.
dedicating any interest they might have in the access streets to Highland Avenue and
Harris Avenue in Highland Square Subdivision.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unan-
imously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted, and
order made:

VARIANCE - V-42-55
Billie Rodgers



VARIANCE - V-43-55
Rancho Drive Realty



SIGN CHART ADOPTED



HIGHLAND SQUARE
Final Map
BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1955, by the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 10th day of November, 1955, executed by Baker and Hazard,
Incorporated, a Nevada Corporation to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 7th day of December, 1955.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 8th day of December, 1955.

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

(SEAL)	Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By________________, Deputy

FOR:...................

Mr. Wade also presented a deed from C. D. Baker, Ruth Oppedyk Dielman, Violet
Oppedyk Tract, and Nelda Oppedyk Sledge for the access streets to Highland Avenue
and Harris Avenue in Highland Square Subdivision.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1955, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
l8th day of November, 1955, executed by C.D. Baker, Ruth Oppedyk Dielman, and Violet
Oppedyk Tracht and Nelda Oppedyk Sledge to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 7th day of December, 1955*

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 8th day of December, 1955.

/s/ Shirley Ballinger____________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By __________________________, Deputy

FOR:________________________

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Highland Square be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

B.M JONES	At this time Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that the bond on the

SUBDIVISION	improvements in B. M. Jones Subdivision be released. Mr. Wade reported that the sewer

Release of Bond	system will function, but is very poor in comparison with existing sewer con-

	struction standards. He said that the subdivision improvements did meet the

standards in existence at the time the agreement was entered into.

Commissioner Fountain moved the improvements in the B.M. Jones Subdivision be
accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.
Mr. Wade presented the request of G.L. Gordon for a 72 foot curb cut in front
of the Boston Motel at 2011 South A Street for the purpose of providing off-
street parking for eight vehicles.

Commissioner Fountain moved Mr. Gordon's request for curb cut be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of McNeil Park be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade presented the deed of Phil Shanedling In-
vestment Co. for the widening of Tonopah Highway near the proposed Twin Lakes
Shopping Center, and recommended its acceptance.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1955; by the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed,
dated the 21st day of November, 1955; executed by Phil Shanedling Investment Com-
pany, a California Corporation to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meet-
ing of the Board of Commissioners held on the 7th day of December, 1955.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 8th day of November, 1955.

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
By	, Deputy

(SEAL)

FOR:________________________

Mr. Wade also presented a deed from Twin Lakes Shopping Center, Inc. for the wide-
ning of Tonopah Highway, and recommended its acceptance.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
29th day of November, 1955; executed by Twin Lakes Shopping Center, Incorporated, a
Nevada Corporation to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the pur-
poses and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the forgoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 7th day of December, 1955.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official, seal
this 8th day of December, 1955.

/s/ Shirley Ballinger___________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
By__________________, Deputy	

(SEAL)

FOR:

------------------------ -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------12-7-55

CURB CUT

G.L. Gordon



MCNEIL PARK
Final Map

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS
Mr. Wade presented a deed from the City to the Desert Park Inc. for the realign-
ment of Rexford Drive.

Commissioner Bunker moved this deed be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker:

The Board considered the deed to the First Securities Corp. for the realignment of
sewer easements in Greater Las Vegas Addition No. 2. Mr. Wade recommended this deed
be approved.	j

Commissioner Bunker moved this deed be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, None. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Building Supervisor Art Trelease presented the application of Harry Herst to move	

a building from North Las Vegas to the southwest corner of A and Wyoming.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application to move a building be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the petition of property owners for the extension of North
6th Street to Bonanza Road.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be referred to the City Manager and City At-
torney to negotiate with the Elks Club to see if this right of way can be obtained.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the concessionaire contract with Carl M. Belding be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 8433 through 8899 in the net
amount of $66,659.05 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 4982 to 5143 in the
total amount of $122,471.29 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of November 16 and December 5, 1955 be ap-
proved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Albert Franklin Perry for a res-
taurant beverage license at the Venetian Pizzeria, 1980 Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Elias Atol to move his package liquor store,
Charli's Liquor Store, from 521 Carson to 1511 South Main Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following new applications for gaming licenses for
the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

CAMPANELLI'S	Joseph Campanelli	630	South 11th	3	slots

club louisianna	C.R. Millhizer	521	Jackson	2	slots

SILVER CLUB CAFE	C.R. Millhizer	505	Jackson	2	slots

DEED TO DESERT PARK INC.

DEED TO FIRST SECURITIES

CORP.



HOUSE MOVING
Harry Herst

PETITION FOR NORTH
6TH STREET
EXTENSION 

CONCESSIONAIRE

CONTRACT

Cancelled

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



MINUTES



LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

Change of Location

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New 
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor	Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Z. Louie for license for one Race Horse
Keno at the Town Tavern, 600 Jackson for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor	Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of William Stewart and Herbert A. Hichen
for license for 3 slot machines at the Glenn Vegas Motel, 2233 South 5th Street
for the fourth quarter of 1955; formerly issued to Theodore Glenn, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor	Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail sale
of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved.

CLUB LOUISIANNA	Sutton	Vending	521 Jackson

IMPORT MOTORS	Sutton	Vending	1600 Fremont

VENETIAN PIZZERIA	Sutton	Vending	1980 Fremont

H & 0 GARAGE	Sutton	Vending	1715 Fremont

BEVERLY HOTEL	Sutton	Vending	216 South 6th

VIC'S ICE CREAM	Sutton Vending	10th & Charleston

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy presented the proposed lease with the Girl Scouts for
property in Squires Park and recommended its approval. Mr. Kennedy explained
that it was a twenty year lease with a twenty year option, the same as the one
with the Boy Scouts.

Commissioner Bunker moved the lease with the Girl Scouts be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy explained that the ordinance governing the Solicitation of Charitable
Funds was now in effect, and calls for a Review Board of five members to be ap-
pointed. He stated that there were five applications on file that should be acted
upon by the Board. This matter was deferred until December 9, 1955 when a full
board is present.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to improve the parking lot on the corner
of 5th and Ogden, under lease from the McDonald Hotel so that it can be ready for
Christmas shoppers.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager to proceed with the im-
provements of this parking lot be approved.

Commissioner Fountain declared he has an interest in the MacDonald Hotel.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy explained that Mr. Earl Hartke of Pardee-Phillips had made application
for building permits in Francisco Park Tract No. 2 recently, and was requested by
the Planning and Building Departments to hold up on a portion of them until they
processed the others. In the interim, a new ordinance has been adopted that in-
creases the fees on these permits approximately $800.00. Since it was the City's
reqhest that he not apply for all these permits, Mr. Kennedy recommended that Mr.
Hartke be charged the fee under the old ordinance. Commm

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented the request of the Golden Gate for refund of
$450.00 license fees on 15 slot machines. He explained that neither the Federal
nor State licenses had been secured on these machines, and this club did not have
the roam to place these machines in their building. He also presented the appli-
cation of Leon Colbert who intended to operate the Short Card Club for refund of
$375.00, since he did not open his establishment.

Commissioner Fountain moved these refunds be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

12-7-55

TOWN Tavern

Change of Owner



CIGARETTE LICENSES

GIRL SCOUT LEASE

SOLICITATION
REVIEW BOARD

PARKING LOT
IMPROVEMENT



BUILDING PERMITS
Francisco Park #2



GAMING LICENSE REFUNDS


Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on the General Obligation Bond Issue requested additional time before
reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Mr. Charles Nolda appeared before the Commission at this time and objected to the
proposed ordinance on Collection Agencies. He stated that he did not like the pro-
vision that requires the agents to be investigated by the Police Department.

Thereafter Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for report on this pro-
posed ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Sharp and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance to adopt the 1955 Plumbing Code requested additional time before re-
porting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378,

REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY
AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; AND CHANGING
THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, was read by title and re-
ferred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE
CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND INHABI-
TANTS TO BE ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A
PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER
OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RE-
LATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple
for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR AN INVESTIGATION FEE PRIOR TO

THE ISSUANCE OF GAMING AND LIQUOR LICENSES; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Fountain for
recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING THE UNIFORM BUILDING CODE KNOWN AS

ORDINANCE NO. 676 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS PROVIDING FOR AN ADDITIONAL FEE IN THE
EVENT OF SECOND INSPECTIONS REQUIRED; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO,
was read by title and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Fountain for recommenda-
tion.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE REMOVAL OF MEMBERS OF AP-

POINTIVE BOARDS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROVIDING FOR THE RECORDING OF MINUTES
OF BOARD ACTIONS AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title
and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Whipple for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 24, SECTION 26, CODE OF LAS

VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS AMENDED, CHANGING THE MINIMUM BUILDING LINE SETBACKS AND
STREET WIDTH LINES, ON A PORTION OF MAIN STREET; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Fountain
for recommendation.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting recess until December 9; 1955 at 5:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

APPROVED:



ATTEST:	 Mayor Pro Tem

 Shirley Ballinger

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
General Obligation
Bond Issue

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Annexation

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Investigation Fee

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
2nd Inspection Fee



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Appointive Boards

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Main Street
Setbacks
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 9, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 9th day of December, 19% was called
to order at the hour of 5.15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Sharp moved the action of the Commission of November 16,

1955 introducing the bond ordinance for the general obligation bond
issue be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple introduced the following emergency ordinance,
and moved its adoption, whereupon it was read in full to the Board.

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 680

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE RESULT OF THE SPECIAL BOND ELECTION HELD AT
THE SAME TIME AS THE GENERAL CITY ELECTION OF MAY 3, 1955; RATIFYING
APPROVING, AND CONFIRMING ACTION HERETOFORE TAKEN RELATING TO, AND
PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF $2,875,000.00 NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, INCLUDING ITS GENERAL OBLIGATION SEWER BONDS,

SERIES DECEMBER 1, 1955, IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $2,000,000.00
GENERAL OBLIGATION POLICE DETENTION BONDS, SERIES DECEMBER 1, 1955, IN
THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $275,000.00, GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE
EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM BONDS, SERIES DECEMBER 1, 1955, IN THE AGGREGATE
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF $400,000.00, AND GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE ALARM SYS-
TEM BONDS, SERIES DECEMBER 1, 1955, IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
OF $200,000.00; PRESCRIBING THE FORM OF SAID BONDS; PROVIDING FOR THE
LEVY AND COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL AD VALOREM TAX; AUTHORIZING THE EXECU-
TION OF SAID BONDS; AND PRESCRIBING OTHER DETAILS IN CONNECTION THERE-
WITH. AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is a municipal corporation duly
organized and existing under the general statues of the State of Nevada;
and

WHEREAS, at a special bond election duly called and held within
the City of Las Vegas at the same time as the general city election on
Tuesday, the 3rd of May, 1955, the following proposals were submitted
to the qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas:

(a) "Shall the City of Las Vegas issue its negotiable coupon General
Obligation Sewer Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of
$2,000,000.00, or so much thereof as may be necessary, for the
purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the existing
sanitary sewer system, by acquiring,sites and rights-of-way there-
for and acquiring, constructing and establishing additional sani-
tary sewer lines, an additional sanitary sewerage disposal
plant, a sanitary sewer effluent disposal system, and other ap-
purtenances to said system, said bonds to bear interest at a rate
of not more than seven (7) percent per annum, and to mature seri-
ally in regular numerical order at annual intervals, commencing
not later than the year 1958, and ending not later than the year
1980, both inclusive, said bonds maturing after the year 1966,
to be subject to prior redemption, at the option of the City on
such terms as the Board of Commissioners may determine on any
interest payment date on and after ten (10) years from the date
of the bonds, principal and interest to be payable from an an-
nual general tax levy, and from such other sources available
therefor as the Board of Commissioners may at its option deter-
mine."

(b) "Shall the City of Las Vegas issue its negotiable coupon General

Obligation Police Detention Bonds in the aggregate principal amount
of $275,000.00, or so much thereof as may be necessary, for the
purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the police
detention facilities, by establishing, constructing, and otherwise
acquiring Las Vegas Police Prison buildings and a suitable site
and grounds therefor and extending and bettering the present Las
Vegas Police Station Building in order to increase the jail facil-
ities thereof, said bonds to bear interest at a rate of not more
than seven (7) percent per annum and mature serially in regular
numerical order at annual intervals, commencing not later than
the year 1958, and ending not later than the year 1980, both inclu-
sive, said bonds maturing after the year 1966, to be subject to

12-9-55

GENERAL OBLIGATION
BOND IS5UE

Ordinance No. 680
prior redemption, at the option of the City on such terms as
the Board of Commissioners may determine on any interest pay-
ment date on and after ten (10) years from the date of the
bonds, principal and interest to be payable from an annual
general tax levy, and from such other sources available there-
for as the Board of Commissioners may at its option determine."

(c)	"Shall the City of Las Vegas issue its negotiable coupon General
Obligation Fire Extinguishing System Bonds in the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of $400,000.00, or so much thereof as may be nec-
essary, for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of im-
proving the municipal Fire Extinguishing System, by acquiring
additional fire extinguishing equipment, and buildings therefor,
together with such additional sites and grounds as may be nec-
essary, and by improving existing fire department buildings and
fire extinguishing equipment, said bonds to bear interest at a
rate of not more than seven (7) percent per annum, and to mature
serially in regular numerical order at annual intervals, com-
mencing not later than the year 1938, and ending not later than
the year 1980, both inclusive, said bonds maturing after the
year 1966, to be subject to prior redemption, at the option of
the City on such terms as the Board of Commissioners may de-
termine on any interest payment date on and after ten (10)
years from the date of the bonds, principal and interest payable
from an annual general tax levy, and from such other sources
available therefor as the Board of Commissioners may at its
option determine."

(d)	"Shall the City of Las Vegas issue its negotiable coupon General
Obligation Fire Alarm System Bonds in the aggregate principal
amount of $200,000.00, or so much thereof as may be necessary
for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving

the municipal Fire Extinguishing System, by acquiring, construct-
ing and establishing an automatic fire alarm system complete
with headquarters building and controls and panels, said bonds
to bear interest at a rate of not more than seven (7) percent
per annum, and to mature serially in regular numerical order
at annual intervals, commencing not later than the year 1938,
and ending not lather than the year 1980, both inclusive, said
bonds maturing after the year 1966, to be subject to prior re-
demption, at the option of the City on such terms as the Board
of Commissioners may determine on any interest payment date
on and after ten (10) years from the date of the bonds, prin-
cipal and interest to be payable from an annual general tax
levy, and from such other sources available therefor as the
Board of Commissioners may at its option determine."

WHEREAS, each of said propositions was carried by the vote of
more than a majority of such qualified voters of the City of Las Vegas
voting thereon; and

WHEREAS, thereafter pursuant to notice duly given in accordance
with the statutes of the State of Nevada, sealed bids for the purchase
of the bonds of each said issue were received and publicly opened on
the 16th day of November, 1955, at the hour of 8.00 o'clock P.M.; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to said notice all of said bonds were than
sold and awarded to John Nuveen & Co., Chicago, Illinois, and associates,
the bidder making the best bid for each said issue, at a price equal to
the principal amount thereof and accrued interest to the date of de-
livery; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of said City has determined,
and does hereby determine, that it is necessary and for the best interests
of the City of Las Vegas and the inhabitants thereof that said bonds be
so issued; and

WHEREAS, said City has not issued and does not have bonds out-
standing, including those hereinafter authorized to be issued, in an
amount in excess of twenty percent of the total valuation of the tax-
able property within said City as shown by the last preceding tax list
or assessment roll.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. That said election resulted in the approval of the
issuance of said bonds, and the result of said election is hereby so de-
clared.

Section 2. That all action (not inconsistent with the provis-
sions of this ordinance) heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners
and the officers of the City of Las Vegas, directed toward accomplishing
the purposes stated in the aforesaid propositions and the issuance of
bonds for those purposes be, and the same hereby is, ratified, approved
and confirmed, including, without limiting the generality of the fore-
going, the acceptance of said proposals of John Nuveen & Co., Chicago,
Illinois, and associates, for the purchase of said bonds.

Section 3. That to provide funds for the following stated
purposes,the City of Las Vegas, on behalf of said City and upon the
credit thereof, pursuant to the powers vested in said City and its
Board of Commissioners under the general laws of the State of Nevada
and the Charter of said City, shall issue the following negotiable cou-
pons of said City:

(a)	General Obligation Sewer Bonds, Series December 1, 1955,

12-9-55
in the aggregate principal amount of $2,000,000.00, consisting of 2,000
bonds, being numbered consecutively from 1 to 2,000, both inclusive, and
maturing serially $100,000.00 on the first day of December in each of the
years 1956 to 1975) both inclusive, said bonds being issued for the pur-
pose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the existing sanitary
sewer system, by acquiring sites and rights-of-way therefor and acquiring,
constructing and establishing additional sanitary sewer lines, an addit-
ional sanitary sewerage disposal plant, a sanitary sewer effluent dis-
posal system, and other appurtenances to said system.

(b)	General Obligation Police Detention Bonds, Series December 1,

1955; in the aggregate principal amount of $275,000.00, consisting of 275
bonds, being numbered consecutively from 1 to 275, both inclusive, and
maturing serially $9)000.00 on the first day of December, 1956, and $14,000.00
on the first day of December in each of the years 1957 to 1975, both in-
clusive, said bonds being issued for the purpose of defraying, in part,

the cost of improving the police detention facilities, by establishing,
constructing, and otherwise acquiring Las Vegas Police Prison buildings
and a suitable site and grounds therefor and extending and bettering the
present Las Vegas Police Station Building in order to increase the jail
facilities thereof.

(c)	General Obligation Fire Extinguishing System Bonds, Series De-
cember 1, 1955) in the aggregate principal amount of $400,000.00, con-
sisting of 400 bonds, being numbered consecutively from 1 to 400, both
inclusive, and maturing serially $20,000.00 on the first day of December
in each of the years 1956 to 1975) both inclusive, said bonds being is-
sued for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the
municipal Fire Extinguishing System, by acquiring additional fire extin-
guishing System, and buildings therefor, together with such additional
sites and grounds as may be necessary, and by improving existing fire
department buildings and fire extinguishing equipment.

(d)	General Obligation Fire Alarm System Bonds, Series December 1,

1955, in the aggregate principal amount of $200,000.00, consisting of
200 bonds, being numbered consecutively from 1 to 200, both inclusive,
and maturing serially $10,000.00 on the first day of December in each of
the years 1956 to 1975, both inclusive, said bonds being issued for the
purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the municipal Fire
Extinguishing System, by acquiring, constructing and establishing an
automatic fire alarm system complete with headquarters building and con-
trols and panels.

Section That said bonds of each issue shall be dated December
1, 1955, will be in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, and shall bear
interest payable semiannually on the first days of June and December in
each year, commencing June 1, 1956, bonds maturing in the years 1956 to
1963, both inclusive, bearing interest, evidenced by coupons designated
"A", from date until maturity at the rate of four per centum (D%) per
annum, and bearing additional interest, evidenced by coupons designated
"B", from January 1, 1956, until December 1, 1960, or until maturity,
whichever occurs earlier, at the rate of one per centum (1%) per annum,
and bonds maturing in the years 1964 to 1975, both inclusive, b earing
interest, evidenced by coupons designated "A," from date until maturity
at the rate of four and one-quarter per centum (4 - ¼%) per annum, and
bearing additional interest, evidenced by coupons designated "B," from
January 1, 1956, until December 1, 1960, at the rate of three-quarters
of one per centum (3/4%) per annum. If, upon presentation of any bond
at maturity, payment is not made as herein provided, interest thereon
shall continue at the "A" coupon rate herein above designated for such
bond. Both principal and interest shall be payable in lawful money of
the United States of America, at the office of the Treasurer of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, or at the Harris Trust and Savings Bank, Chicago,
Illinois, at the holder's option.

The bonds of each said issue maturing on the 1st day of December,

1966, and thereafter, are subject to prior redemption in inverse numerical
order at the option of the City of Las Vegas on the 1st day of December,

1965) or on any interest payment date thereafter, for the principal a-
mount thereof plus accrued interest to the redemption date and a premium
of two per centum (2%) of the principal amount thereof. Notice of re-
demption shall be given by the City Treasurer in the name of the City of
Las Vegas, by publication of such notice at least once, not less than
thirty nor more than sixty days prior to the redemption date, in a news-
paper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas, and a copy of
such notice shall be sent by registered mail, at least thirty days prior
to the redemption date, to John Nuveen & Co., Chicago, Illinois, as
representative of the original purchasers of said bonds so to be redeemed.

Such notice shall specify the number or numbers of the bonds of each is-
sue to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed), and the date
fixed for redemption, and shall further state that on such redemption
date there will become and be due and payable upon each bond so to be re-
deemed, at the office of the Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in Las Vegas, Nevada, the principal amount thereof with accrued interest
to the redemption date and the stipulated premium, and that from and af-
ter such date interest will cease to accrue. Notice having been given in
the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds so called for redemp-
tion shall become due and payable on the redemption date so designated,
and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in Las Vegas, Nevada, together will all appur-
tenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date, the City of
Las Vegas will pay the bond or bonds so called for redemption.

12-9-55
Section 5. That said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the
City, countersigned by the City Treasurer, and attested and counter-
signed by the City Clerk, with the seal of the City of Las Vegas af-
fixed thereto. The coupons attached to said bonds shall bear the
facsimile signatures of said Mayor, City Treasurer and City Clerk,
which officers, by the execution of said bonds shall adopt as and for
their signatures the facsimiles thereof appearing on said coupons.

Said bonds and coupons bearing the signatures of the officers in of-
fice at the time of the signing thereof shall be the valid and binding
obligations of the City of Las Vegas, notwithstanding that before the
delivery thereof and payment therefor, any or all of the persons whose
signatures appear thereon shall have ceased to fill their respective
offices.

Section 6. That said bonds and the coupons thereto attached
shall be in substantially the following form:

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

STATE OF NEVADA	COUNTY OF CLARK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS
*GENERAL OBLIGATION SEWER BOND
*GENERAL OBLIGATION POLICE DETENTION BOND

*GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM BOND
*GENERAL OBLIGATION FIRE ALARM SYSTEM BOND
SERIES DECEMBER 1, 1955

No.____________ _____________________________________________________________________________$1,000.00

The City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
for value received, hereby acknowledges itself indebted and promises to
pay to the bearer

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARD

on the first day of December, 19	, with interest hereon according to the

coupons hereto attached, upon presentation and surrender of this bond and
the attached coupons as they severally become due, both principal and in-
terest being payable in lawful money of the United States of America, at
the office of the City Treasurer, Las Vegas, Nevada, or, at the option of
the holder hereof, at the Harris Trust & Savings Bank, Chicago, Illinois.

If, upon presentation, payment of this bond is not made as herein provided,

interest shall continue at the rate of _________per centum (_____%) per

annum until the principal thereof is paid in full.

**(This bond is one of an issue subject to prior redemption in in-
verse numerical order, at the option of the City of Las Vegas on December
1, 1965, or on any interest payment date thereafter prior to maturity, for
the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest to the redemption date
and a premium of two per centum (2%) of the principal amount thereof.

Redemption shall be made upon not less that thirty days' prior notice by
publication in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas,
in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the ordinance authorizing
the issuance of this bond.)

This bond is issued by the City of Las Vegas on behalf of said
City, and upon the credit thereof, for the purpose of defraying, in part,
the cost of improving ***the existing sanitary sewer system of said City,

(or) the police detention facilities of said City, (or) the municipal
fire extinguishing system of said City, under the authority of and in full
conformity with the Charter of said City and the constitution and statutes
of the State of Nevada. It is hereby certified and warranted that the
issuance of this bond has been authorized by the electors of the City of
Las Vegas, qualified to vote on the question, at a special municipal elec-
tion, held in said City at the same time as the general city election on
the 3rd day of May, 1955.

It is hereby certified and recited that all the requirements of
law have been fully complied with by the proper officers of said City in
the issuance of this bond; that the total indebtedness of said City, in-
debtedness evidenced by this bond, does not exceed any limit of indebted-
ness prescribed by the constitution or laws of the State of Nevada or the
charter of the City of Las Vegas; and that provision has been made for
the levy and collection of annual taxes sufficient to pay the interest on
and the principal of this bond when the same become due.

The full faith and credit of the City of Las Vegas are hereby
pledged for the punctual payment of the principal of an the interest oh
this bond.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has caused
this bond to be signed by its Mayor, countersigned by its Treasurer,
sealed with its corporate seal, and attested and countersigned by its
City Clerk, and has caused the annexed interest coupons to be executed
with the facsimile signatures of its Mayor, City Treasurer, and City Clerk,
as of the first day of December, 1955.

______(Do Not Sign)_______________

Mayor

Countersigned:	(Do Not Sign)___________

(SEAL)	City Treasurer

Attested and

Countersigned:	(Do Not Sign)______

City Clerk

*(Insert proper designation of bond.)

**(To be inserted in all bonds maturing on and after December 1, 1966. )

***(Insert the appropriate purpose for each bond issue in the bonds of that issue. )

12-9-55
(Form of Coupon)

No._______*	$________________



On the first day of June, 19 **(unless the bond to which this

coupon is attached has been called for prior redemption), the City of
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, will pay the
bearer

DOLLARS

in lawful money of the United States of America at the office of the
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, or at the Harris Trust and
Savings Bank, Chicago, Illinois, at the holder's option, being

Six months' interest on its *** General Obligation Sewer Bond, (or) General
Obligation Police Detention Bond, (or) General Obligation Fire Extin-
guishing System Bond, (or) General Obligation Fire Alarm System Bond,
Series December 1, 1955, and bearing No._________

(Facsimile Signature)

Mayor

_______(Facsimile Signature)___________

City Treasurer

_______(Facsimile Signature)___________

City Clerk

*(Insert "A" of "B" as well as number of bond)

**(To be inserted in all coupons maturing on and after June 1, 1966, and
attached to bonds maturing on and after December 1, 1966.)

***(The first "B" interest coupon will evidence five months' interest.
All other "B" coupons and all "A" coupons will evidence six months'
interest.)

****(Insert proper designation of bond. )

Section 7. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the
Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful
purchasers thereof, on receipt of the agreed purchase price. The
funds realized from the sale of said bonds shall be applied solely
to the respective purposes for which said bonds have been authorized,
as stated in the aforesaid propositions, but the purchasers of said
bonds shall be in no manner responsible for the application or dispo-
sition by said City or by any of its officers of any of the funds de-
rived from the sale thereof.

Section 8. That the interest falling due on said bonds on June
1, 1956, shall be paid out of the general fund of the City of Las Vegas,
or out of any other fund that may be available for such purpose, and
that for the purpose of creating a separate fund, appropriately designa-
ted, for each said issue, which fund shall be solely used for the re-
demption of the principal of and the interest on the bonds thereof, and
any prior redemption premium due in connection therewith, there shall
be levied in the year 1955, and annually thereafter, a tax on all prop-
erty, both real and personal, subject to taxation within the boundaries
of the City of Las Vegas, including the net proceeds of mines, suffic-
ient to pay the interest on said bonds and to pay and retire the same
as hereinabove provided; and provided further that in the preparation
of the annual appropriation ordinance for the City, the Board of Com-
missioners shall first make proper provision through the levy of suf-
ficient taxes for the payment of the interest on and the retirement
of the principal of the bonded indebtedness of the City, and the amount
of money necessary for this purpose, together with the amounts neces-
sary for the payment of the principal of interest on the other bonded
indebtedness of the City, shall be a first charge against all the reve-
nues received by said City. Nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to prevent the City from applying any other funds that may
be in the treasury of the City and available for that purpose, to the
payment of said interest or principal as the same, respectively, mature,
and the levy or levies provided for may thereupon to that extent be
diminished. In any year in which the total taxes levied by overlap-
ping political subdivisions and taxing units in Las Vegas may exceed
the limitation of five cents on the dollar imposed by Section 2 of
Article X of the Constitution of the State of Nevada, and it shall be-
come necessary by reason thereof to reduce the levies made in behalf
of said City, the reduction so made shall be in taxes levied for or
by such City for purposes other than the payment of its bonded indebted-
ness and interest thereon, and the taxes levied hereinafter for the
payment of said bonded indebtedness and the interest thereon shall al-
ways enjoy a priority over taxes levied for or on behalf of such City
for any other purposes where reduction is necessary in order to com-
ply with the limitation of Section 2, Article X of the Nevada Consti-
tution. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the same manner and
at the same time as other taxes are levied and collected, and the pro-
ceeds thereof shall be kept by the City Treasurer in each said special
fund, which shall be used for noother purpose than the payment, for the
for the issue for which each fund has hereby been created, of principal
and interest due on said bonds and any prior redemption premium in con-
nection therewith.

12-9-55
Such taxes shall be levied in the year 1955 and annually thereafter un-
til all of said bonds and the interest thereon shall have been fully
paid, satisfied and discharged. Any sums coming due on said bonds at
any time when there are on hand, from such tax levy or levies, insuf-
ficient funds to pay the same, shall be promptly paid when due from
general funds on hand belonging to the City of Las Vegas, reimbursement
to be made for such general funds in the amounts so advanced when the
taxes herein provided for have been collected.

Section 9. That it shall be the duty of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, annually, at the time and in the manner provided
by law for levying other city taxes, if such action shall be necessary
to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance, to ratify and carry out
the provisions hereof with reference to the levy and collection of taxes,
and said Board shall require the officers of said City to levy, extend
and collect such taxes in the manner provided by law for the purpose of
creating a fund for the payment of the principal of said bonds and the
interest accruing thereon. Such taxes, when collected, shall be kept for
and applied only to the payment of the principal of and interest on
said bonds as hereinbefore specified.

Section 10. That the City Council does hereby find and declare
that the life of the improvements to be acquired and established out of
the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will be in excess of
twenty years from their date.

Section 11. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and
they hereby are, authorized and directed to take all action necessary
or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance, includ-
ing, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of
said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may be required
by the purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the
tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the assessed valuation
and indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, the rate of taxes levied a-
gainst the taxable property within the City of Las Vegas, the receipt
of the bond purchase price, and, if in accordance with the facts, the
absence of litigation, pending or threatened, affecting the validity
thereof.

Section 12. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions, and ordi-
nances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions, and ordinances in
conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed. After the bonds
hereby authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall constitute
a contract between said City and the holder or holders of said bonds,
and shall be and remain irreparable until said bonds and the interest
accruing thereon shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 13. That if any one or more sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned
or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invali-
date the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined
in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses, or
parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause, or
part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect
or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordi-
nance in any other instances.

Section l4. That by reason of the fact that the City of Las
Vegas is in immediate and serious need of the benefits to be derived
from the issuance of said bonds, it is hereby declared that an emer-
gency exists and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate
preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 15. That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance
to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately fol-
lowing its final reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become ef-
fective immediately following the second publication thereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED, this 9th day of December,

1955.

/s/ C.D. Baker

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

The Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing
ordinance were as follows:

Those voting Aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting Nay:	None

/s/C.D.Baker_______

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk	12-9-55
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE PLANNING AND ZONING

ORDINANCE KNOWN AS CHAPTER 24 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, AND ALSO DE-
SCRIBED AS ORDINANCE NO. 360; AMENDING USE PERMITS IN R-4. AND C-1 ZONES
BY PROVIDING FOR PUBLIC PARKING THEREIN, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RE-
LATING THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Sharp
and Fountain for recommendation.

The Commission made the following appointments to the Solicitations Re-
view Board at this time:

Norrison Beatty	-	2	year	term

Muriel Tsvetkoff	-	2	year	term

Hillman Lee	-	2	year	term

Warren Schreiner	-	1	year	term

David Boyer	-	1	year	term

Commissioner Bunker moved the bid of Seagrave Corporation for fire
equipment, Bid No. 55.26 in the total amount of $116,516.00 be ac-
cepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of A1 Bramlet, Secretary-
Treasurer of the Culinary Workers for a Club Liquor License at A and
New York Avenue be approved subject to favorable investigation by the
Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission at this
time, Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:	

Mayor

ATTEST:



CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	Date:	December 20, 1955

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be held
in the Mayor/s Office of the City Hall, on the 20th day of December, 1955, at the hour of 3.30 P.M. to consider the
following matters:

1.	Resolution authorizing investment of Bond money in Government Bonds.

2.	Approval of Payroll Warrants Nos. 89OO through 9365 in the net amount of $60,563.94

/s/ C.D. BAKER__________________

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners adn A.H.

KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, AND HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a special
meeting of teh Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the
City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 20th day of December, 1955, at the hour of 3.30 P.M. to consider the following
matters:

1.	Resolution authorizing investment of Bond money in Government Bonds.

2.	Approval of Payroll Warrants Nos. 89OO through 9365 in the net amount of $60,563.94.	/s/

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE	SHIRLEY BALLINGER

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and	City Clerk

City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of
special meeting.

/s/ C.D. BAKER	/s/ HARRIS P. SHARP

/s/ ROBERT W. NOTTI	/s/ WENDELL BUNKER

REED WHIPPLE
/s/ E.W. FOUNTAIN

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Planning

SOLICITATION REVIEW
BOARD



BID NO. 55.26
Fire Equipment



LIQUOR APPLICATION
Culinary Workers


Las Vegas, Nevada

December 20, 1955

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 20th day of December, 1955 was called to order
at the hour of 3.45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

INVESTMENT OF BOND MONEY	Commissioner Sharp moved that $2,750,000 of the bond money be invested

in short term U.S. Treasury Certificates and the following resolution
adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has issued and sold General Obli-
gation Bonds in the sum of $2,875,000 for the purpose of constructing
improvements consisting of Sewer Improvement, a Fire Alarm System, a
Fire Extinguishing System and Police Detention Improvement; and

WHEREAS, IT WILL REQUIRE a period of time to enter into contracts
for a major portion of said improvements and the demands for payment
thereof will extend over a period of time; and

WHEREAS, It is deemed to be in the best interest of the public
that the funds from said bond sale shall be invested in Government
securities until such time as they are needed for contractural obli-
gations.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the sum of $2,750,000 being
the proceeds from the sale of General Obligation Bonds of the City of
Las Vegas be invested in United States Treasury Certificates, bearing
maturity dates and in the amounts respectively as set forth on exhibit
A attached hereto and made a part hereof;

Maturity Date

$140,000	4-1-56

300.000	5-1-56

500.000	6-1-56

540,000	7-1-56

200.000	8-1-56

200.000	9-1-56

100.000	10-1-56

200.000	11-1-56

100.000	12-1-56

100.000	1-1-57

100.000	2-1-57

270.000	3-1-57

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Treasurer shall issue
checks drawn on the Sewer Improvement Construction Fund, Fire Alarm
System Construction Fund, Fire Extinguishing System Construction
Fund, and Police Detention Construction Fund for the investment of
said funds as aforesaid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Fountain moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 8900 through

	9365 in the net amount of $60,563.94 be approved and signatures auth-

orized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commis-
sioner Whipple moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk		12-20-55
Las Vegas, Nevada

December 21, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 21st day of December, 1955 was called to order at the
hour of 7.50 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Director of Planning 	Franklin J. Bills
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner Sharp moved the hearing on the liquor license of the Bonanza
Bar, 4l8 West Bonanza be held in abeyance until January 18, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of D.H. Hand to rezone the South
208.71 feet of the North 6l8.b6 feet of the of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of
Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, save and except the West 301.94 feet thereof
from R-E to R-1. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that
this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted, and the above described property be rezoned from R-E to R-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye:, noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of Roy J. Pfleeger to rezone Lots
9 to 12, Block 1; Lot 1, Block 2; and Lot 1, Block 3 Biltmore Addition
from R1 to R-4. The Planning Commission approved the rezoning of Lots 1
and 9 to 12, Block 1, Biltmore Addition from R-1 to R-4.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and Lots 1 and 9 to 12 of Block 1, Biltmore Addition be rezoned
from R-1 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Louis Miranti to rezone Blocks
7 and 18; Block 6, except Lots 9, 15, 16 and b7; Block 19, except Lots 11,

19 and 20; and Block 30, except Lots 9 and 11 of Las Vegas Square Subdivi-
sion from R-1 to R-3 be deferred until January 4, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be authorized to condemn the
westerly ten feet of Lot b7, Block 6 of Las Vegas Square, fronting on Yale
Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay;e noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Las Verdes Heights #1 be
approved subject to review of the street names and the drainage problem.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of A. Nordeen for variance to
construct and eighteen foot wall for a sound barrier between the "Baby Tel
Nursery" and his apartments on property situated at 201 West St. Louis. The
recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this application for
variance be denied.

Commissioner Bunker moved that action on this application be deferred until
January 4, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

12-21-55

BONANZA BAR
Liquor License

REZONING - Z-31-55
D.H. Hand

REZONING Z -35-55
Roy J. Pfleeger

REZONING - Z-34-55
Louis Miranti

CONDEMNATION
Las Vegas Square
Block 6 

TENTATIVE MAP
Las Verdes' Heights
No. 1 

VARIANCE - V-41-55
A. Nordeen 
The Board considered the application of Toy R. Gregory for a use permit
to convert two apartment units into two professional offices on property
located at 1829-31 E. Charleston (Lot 13, Lawrence Love Tract). The
Board of Adjustment recommended this application be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 21st day of December, 1955 having
considered the application of Toy R. Gregory for a use permit to con-
struct two apartment units into two professional offices at 1829-1831
E. Charleston; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Toy R. Gregory for a Use Permit to convert two apartment units into two
professional offices at 1829-1831 E. Charleston be and the same hereby
is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The Board considered the application of Louis Miranti for the American
Homes, Inc. for a variance to use a modern trailer as a Real Estate Office
at 4821 W. Washington Street (Lots 7 and 8 Block 3, Las Vegas Square). The
recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was this application be denied
because such use is prohibited by Ordinance No. 307.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 21st day of December, 1955, having
considered the application of Louis Miranti for the American Homes, Inc.
for a use permit to use a modem trailer as a Real Estate office at i;821
West Washington Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
denying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that application of Louis
Miranti for the American Homes, Inc. for a use permit to use a modern
trailer as a Real Estate office at 4821 West Washington Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that the alley
behind the Southern Nevada Power Company between 3rd, 4th, Ogden and Stew-
art be made a one-way alley for south bound traffic for sixty days, was
considered by the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Vic Euhling of the Public Works Department recommended that the bond be
released and the improvements accepted in Berkeley Square subject to the
correction of the drainage on one of the fire hydrants and the installa-
tion of a piece of curb return on the northeast corner of F and Freeman
Streets.

Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements in Berkeley Square be accepted
and the bond released subject to the conditions recommended by the Public
Works Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final payment to Longley Construction Com-
pany on the Jefferson Center Recreation Building in the total amount of
$4,599.30 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the deed to D.H. Hand for the realignment of
"N" Street be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from D.H. Hand for the exten-
sion of "N" Street.

On motion made by Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp

and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

12-21-44

USE PERMIT - U-36-33
Toy Gregory

USE PERMIT - U-38-33
Louis Miranti



ONE-WAY ALLEY

BERKELEY SQUARE
Release of Bond

JEFFERSON CENTER
RECREATION BLDG.
Final Payment

"N" STREET
Deed to D.H. Hand

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED 
"N" Street
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is
adopted, and order made:

	BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of December, 1955; by the Board of Com-

missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed, dated the 8th day of December, 1955; executed by Draper
H. Hand and Virginia Jean Hand to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

	COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be
a full, true and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed
attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners held on the 21st day of December, 1955.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my of-
ficial seal this 22nd day of December, 1955.

/s/ Shirley Ballinger_______

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By___________________________, Deputy

(SEAL)

FOR:__________________________

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from the Colorado River

DEED	Exploration Co. for streets around the Crestwood School.

Crestwood School Streets

	On motion made by Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner

Sharp and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and
order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is
adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of December, 1955; by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed, dated the 12th day of December, 1955; executed by Colorado
River Exploration Co. Ltd. a Nevada Corporation to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and	

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true
and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached held on
on the 21st day of December, 1955.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my offic-
ial seal this 22nd day of December, 1955.

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By	, Deputy

(SEAL)

FOR:__________________________

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING	The Board considered the quitclaim deed from the Las Vegas Union School

DEED		District #12 for streets around the Crestwood School.

Crestwood School Streets

	On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and

carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

12-21-55
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of December, 1955, by the Board of Com-
missioner of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
the deed, dated the 14th day of December, 1955, executed by Board of Educa-
tion of the Las Vegas Union School District acting for Las Vegas Union
School District No. 12 to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby ac-
cepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recored in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify t e foregoing to be a full, true
and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto
duly adopted at a Regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on
the 21st day of December, 1955.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 22nd day of December, 1955.

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By_______________, Deputy

FOR:__________________

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 4155 to
5262 in the total amount of $77,08$.42 be approved and the signatures
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of December 7,9 and 20, 1955 be ap-
proved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the change of licensee on the retail liquor license
for Skagg's Drug Store from Tom K. O'Larey to Stewart E. Faquette be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whippie and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Aldo and Raymond Barozzi for
an additional slot machine at Alray Liquor Store, 226 North 2nd Street be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the construction of a
fire station on Industrial Road and Utah Avenue, bids were received from
the following firms:

LEMBKE CONSTRUCTION CO.

J.A. TIBERTI
SHELTON MILL & SUPPLY
BEN O. DAVEY CONST. CO.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the installation of im-
provements in Assessment District No. 100-36, bids were received from the
following firms:

Gibbons & Reed
WELLS-STEWART
V.C. MENDENHALL

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Man-
ager and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

12-21-55

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change 

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

BID NO. 55.23
Fire Station

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Construction Bids
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the installation of
improvements in Assessment District No. 200-17; bids were received from
the following firms:

ESPY BROTHERS
LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Mana-
ger and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Action on the proposals for a franchise for the advertising on bus benches
was deferred until the next regular meeting on January 4, 1956.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the
assessment roll for the installation of improvements in Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-36, His Honor asked if there were any protestants present.

No one present objected.

Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing be continued until December
29, 1955 at 7.30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

This being the time set for the continuation of the public hearing on the
assessment roll for the installation of improvements in Assessment District
No. 200-17; His Honor asked if there were any protestants present. No one
present objected.

Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing be continued until December
29, 1955 at 7.30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following appointments be made to the Elec-
trical Examiners Board.

H. Luce	3	years

A.P. Gibson	3	years

A.B. Hillis	1	year

Verle Ashworth	2	years

A.C. Wiley	2	years

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had not received written confirma-
tion from the Elks Club, but	that he had	 talked with them over the tele-
phone	and they are not willing to dedicate or trade property for the ex-

tension of North 6th Street to Bonanza Road.

Mr. Kennedy reported that in order to employ a part time executive secre-
tary for the Nevada Municipal League, that the annual dues of the City
will have to be raised to $1,125.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 55.21 for the furnish-
ing of two prefabricated steel buildings for the Cemetery and Garage be
awarded to low bidder, Las Vegas Machine Co. in the total amount of
$20,768.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 55.21 be awarded to Las Vegas Ma-
chine Co. in the total amount of $20,768.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that bids for the Towing Contract be opened on
January 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the refund of $50.00 to Mabel Welch who has
withdrawn her application for a restaurant beverage license, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

12-21-55

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 209-17
Construction Bids

BUS BENCHES ADVERTISING

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Public Hearing
Assessment Roll

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-17
Public Hearing
Assessment Roll

ELECTRICAL BOARD

NORTH 6TH STREET
EXTENSION

NEVADA MUNICIPAL

ASSOCIATION



BID NO. 55.21
Steel Buildings
Awarded



TOWING CONTRACT
LIQUOR REFUND
Commissioner Sharp moved that Wells Cargo Inc. be paid $2,450.00 for the
improvement of the Mac Donald Hotel Parking Lot.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Shippie and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved that all City employees receive a one schedule in-
crease as of February 1, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy presented two proposals for the audit of City Ac
counts, one from Bunker and Jones and the other from Canway, Moe, Hibbs
and Funston.

Commissioner Sharp moved the contract be awarded to Bunker and Jones.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain. Commissioner Bunker advised the Commission

that Wayne Bunker is his cousin.

The City Manger advised the Commission there had been two offers to move
the Wildcat Lair. One from the Junior Chamber of Commerce who will dis-
mantle the building and store it in the County; the other from Father
Fisher to move it to North Las Vegas to be used for Church recreational fac-
ilities.

Commissioner Whipple moved the proposal of the Junior Chamber of Commerce
be accepted providing they can remove the building within 60 days and sub-
ject to their Meeting all legal requirements as approved by the City at -
torney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of R.C. Moulton for a detective
agency license be denied on the basis of the report of the Police Depart-
ment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the
proposed amendment to the liquor ordinance requested additional time be-
fore reporting.

Commissioner Sharp, member of the committee for recommendation on the
proposed Plumbing Code ordinance requested additional time before report-
ing.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE REMOVAL OF MEMBERS

OF APPOINTIVE BOARDS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS FOR NEGLECT OF DUTY; DEFIN-
ING NEGLECT OF DUTY; PROVIDING FOR THE RECORDING OF MINUTES OF BOARD AC-
TIONS; PROVIDING FOR FILLING OF VACANCIES; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RE-
LATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Sharp
and Whipple was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled ordinance No. 681 be adopted.

Option seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on the pro-
posed ordinance concerning Collection Agencies reported unfavorably at
this time.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND
CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING
SAID TERRITORY AND INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL
LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED
IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA;

AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported
on favorably by Commissioner Whipple was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 682 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 24, SECTION 26, CODE

OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS AMENDED, CHANGING THE MINIMUM BUILDING LINE
SETBACKS AND STREET WIDTH LINES, ON PORTIONS OF MAIN STREET AND BONANZA
ROAD; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been re-
ported on favorably by Commissioner Bunker was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled ordinance No. 683 be adopted.

12-21-55

PARKING LOT
IMPROVEMENT

SALARY INCREASES

AUDIT OF CITY ACCOUNTS

WILDCAT LAIR REMOVAL

DETECTIVE AGENCY
LICENSE

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
 Liquor

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code

ORDINANCE NO. 681

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies
Unfavorable

ORDINANCE NO. 682
Annexation

ORDINANCE NO. 683
Setbacks
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

At the hour of 9.00 P.M., Commissioner Bunker left the meeting.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the
proposed ordinance on 2nd Inspections in the Building Department re-
quested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 24, SECTION 19,

CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 570 BY PRO-
VIDING FOR PUBLIC OR SEMI PUBLIC PARKING AREAS IN AN R-4 USE DISTRICT;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported
favorably by Commissioner Sharp was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 684 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried b the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp, member of the committee for recommendation on the pro-
posed rezoning ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain were appointed as a committee on the
garbage disposal matter.

There being no further business to come before the Commission at this
time, Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting recess until December 29,

1955 at 7.30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

	City Clerk	

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
2nd Inspection

ORDINANCE NO. 684
Parking Lots

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning 

GARBAGE DISPOSAL
COMMITTEE 
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 29, 1955

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada held this 29th day of December, 1955 was called
to order at the hour of 7.45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Asst. City Manager Robert W. Notti

The Commission considered the application of J.A. Ewing, W.G. Steele,

Lila R. Lee for gaming license for 1 Craps, 2 "21", 1 Keno, and 2
Poker at the Cotton Club, 500 Jackson and the application of J.A. Ewing
and Lila R. Lee for the tavern liquor license for this business. These
licenses were formerly issued to Uvalde Caperton.

The Commission discussed this matter with Messrs. Ewing and Steele and
their attorneys Madison Graves. The Commission advised these applicants
that they would prefer that Miss Lee not be connected with this operation.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved a gaming license for 1 Craps, 2 "21",

1 Keno and 2 Poker for the Cotton Club, 500 Jackson Street for the first
quarter of 1956 be granted to J. .Ewing and W.G. Steele and the tavern liquor
license be granted to J.A. Ewing providing Miss Lee does not have any active
management of the business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for renewal, of gam-
ing licenses for the first quarter of 1956 be approved in the same status
as last quarter:

GAMING APPLICATIONS
1st Quarter 1956

A. RENEWALS

ALL NITE MARKET	Arthur Nunez	921	South Main	4	slots

ALRAY LIQUOR STORE	Aldo & Ray Barozzi	226	North 2nd	5	slots

ANDY'S LIQUOR STORE	Andrew Bruner	1320 D Street	3 slots

ATOMIC LIQUOR STORE	Barrett & Sobchik	917	Fremont	6	slots

AUSTIN DRUG	K.S. Austin	821	South 5th	3	slots

ASSOCIATED SER.STA.	Earl E. Wilson	800	South Main	2	slots

BANK CLUB	Keith Johnson &	2300 E. Charleston 	3 	slots

Graydon Stark

BELL VARIETY & HDWE	J.R. Bell	1511 Fremont	4	slots

BOTTLE HOUSE	Floyd J. Cope	827	South 5th	6	slots

BRIGHT SPOT	Barnie Sullivant	300	Stewart	3	slots

BROWN DERBY CLUB	P.L. Jefferson	320 Monroe	12	slots

1	Craps

2	"21"

2 Poker

BUCKLEY'S INC.	P.J. & John Buckley	20 Fremont	24	slots

BABY BEEF CAFE	C.R. Millhizer	4l6	W.	Bonanza	2	slots

BABY BEEF MARKET #1	C.R. Millhizer	926	North Main	3	slots

BABY BEEF MARKET #2	C.R. Millhizer	1316 North D	2	slots

BONANZA MARKET	Vesta Hamby	508	W.	Bonanza	2	slots

BONANZA DRUG	Glenn Sales	402	W.	Bonanza	5	slots

BOB BASKIN'S RESTAURANT	R.T. Baskin	115 North 5th	3	slots

CHARLESTON DRUG	Frank Harp	4 E. Charleston	3	slots

CHARLESTON LIQUOR STORE	E.J. Gilbreath	9 W. Charleston	10	slots

CHATTERBOX	By: J.K. Houssels	Main & Fremont	3	slots

CIRCUS ROOM	Gordon L. Gordon	523 Fremont	8	slots

CLIFF'S 5TH ST. MARKET	G.C. Luzier	729 South 5th	4	slots

COREY'S FINE FOODS	J.D. & J.J. Corey	402 Fremont	4	slots

CORK 'N BOTTLE	Frank & Emma Pimental 		508 Fremont	4	slots

COMMERCE DRUG	Fred Kersch & E.L.	302 E. Charleston	2	slots

Royce

CORNET STORE	Tem Jaggers & Joe Comet 	401 Fremont	12 slots

CUT RATE LIQUOR STORE	Hughie Roach	132 South 5th	3	slots

CHARLIE'S LIQUOR STORE	Elias Atol	1511 South Main	3	slots

CITY DRUG	Glenn Sales	231 Fremont	5	slots

CLARK DAIRY	Tom Rolofson	1000 North Main	2	slots

CONEY ISLAND	Vegas Enterprises	412 South 2nd	4	slots

CRESTWOOD DRUG	Glenn Sales	2224 E. Charleston	3	slots

LIQUOR & GAMING
APPLICATION

Cotton Club



GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals
DOLLAR MARKET	Diamond. & Koblin	433	North	Main	3	slots

D & D DRIVE INN	Floyd. A. Davis	$20	North	Main	2	slots

DERBY SPORTS BOOK	John D. Laughan	113	South	1st	1	Sports	Book

DERBY TURF CLUB	Dave Stearns & Louis 113	South	1st	1	RH Book

Nier

DUFFY'S TAVERN	Joe Schramm & C.G.	1815 South 5th	6	slots

Hoover

DESERT INN LIQUOR STORE         George Pappas	1507 South 5th	2	slots

HOTEL EL CORTEZ	By: W.J. Moore	600	Fremont	54 slots

2	Craps

4 "21"

1	Roulette

HOTEL ELWELL	Wm. H. Elwell	204 South 1st	9 slots

ECONOMY FUEL & ICE	C. R. Millhizer	322 Jefferson	1	slot

ELDORADO ARCADE	W. Howard Adams	4 Fremont	7	slots

CAFE EL TORO	Glenn Sales	504 Jackson	3	slots

ESQUIRE BAR	Isadore Bernson	120 South 2nd	3	slots

FAMILY MARKET	J.H. Walker & Seth Dole 	   1109 E. Stewart	3	slots

FIFTH ST. LIQUOR STORE	Gordon Potter	725	South 5th	14 slots

5TH ST. RESTAURANT	Nono Scianna	825 South 5th	2	slots

FISHER DRUG	E.A. Pollard	501 North Main	4	slots

FOODLAND	Vegas Food Co.	1500 Fremont	6	slots

FORTUNE CLUB	Robert Van Santen,	109	Fremont	138 slots

Cecil Lynch, H.Gordon

FREMONT DRUG	Sharp & Parvin	6ll Fremont	7	slots

FRIENDLY LIQUOR STORE	Harry Levy	6l6 W. Bonanza	6	slots

FOOD CENTER	Harry Levy	770 Fremont	3	slots

GALEN'S LIQUORS	E.C. Hummer	1216 South Main	4	slots

GREYHOUND BUS DEPOT	J.A. Ewing	110 South Main	7	slots

GOLDEN GATE CLUB	By: Alfred Durante	1 Fremont	100 slots

1 2 Craps
3 "21"

1 Roulette
1 RH Keno

GOLDEN NUGGETT, INC	By: C.C. King	123 Fremont	300 slots

8 Craps
13 "21"

4 Roulette

1	Nev. Keno

2	Big 6 Wheels
6 Poker

6	Pan

HICKORY WOOD BAR-B-Q	Helen & Gus Corey	315 Fremont	5	slots

HAMBURGER HAVEN	Tom Rolofson	1215 E Street	2	slots

HORSESHOE CLUB	Eldorado Club Inc.	128 Fremont	163 slots

7	Craps
7 "21"

2	Roulette

1	RH Keno

HUNTRIDGE DRUG STORE	W.L.Holst	1310 E. Charleston	6	slots

HOME DINING ROOM	C.R. Millhizer	415 Jackson	1	slot

JERRY'S SNACK BAR	Mary Nicosia	407 Fremont	4	slots

JOHNNY'S SUPER MARKET	John Nassar & Blaine	2200 E. Charleston	3	slots

KING'S RESTAURANT	Johnson

Glenn Sales	1102 Fremont	4	slots

KOST'S SERVICE STATION	Robert J. Kost	1000 South Main	3	slots

L & W CAFE	Tom Rolofson	18 Garces	1 slot

LAS VEGAS CLUB	By: Vic Hall	18 Fremont	310 slots

3	Craps

2	"21"

1 Big 6 Wheel
1 Roulette

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR STORE	Dolores J. Bonaobra	812 Fremont	3	slots

LITTLE CASINO	Alfred J. Quodbach	110 North 1st	1 "21"

LITTLE GIANT MARKET	Kerekes & Heckethorn	107 W. St. Louis 		2 slots

LOG CABIN BAR	Albert & David Mengarelli   122 North 1st 		2 slots

LOUISIANNA CLUB	Yeong, Kee & Mar	1332 North F	1 RH Keno

1 Craps
1 "21"

1 Poker

LOUISIANNA CLUB	C. R. Millhizer	1322 North F	6	slots

LUCKY STRIKE CLUB	By: Milton Prell	117 Fremont	1	Bingo

133 slots
316 Chairs

LITTLE KITCHEN	Del Barkhuff	1608 Fremont	2	slots

MEL'S HAMBURGER STAND	Earl E. Wilson	623 Carson	2	slots

MAC DONALD HOTEL	H. Lynn Chase	208 North 5th	3	slots

MARKET TOWN	Merv Adelson	22 E. Oakey	12 slots

MAYFAIR LIQUOR STORE	Blaine Beckwith	l4l8 Fremont	8	slots

MELODIE LANE RESTAURANT	Tom & Wilson Panos	234 Fremont	3	slots

MIKE'S 5TH ST. MARKET	F. Hixenbaugh & A.	630 South 5th	3	slots

MODERN MARKET	Messina

Gordon & Stein	121 North 5th	5	slots

MONTE CARLO CLUB	Fred Soly	15 Fremont	80 slots

2 Craps
2 "21"

1 Roulette

MAIN LIQUOR STORE	Vegas Enterprises	4l8 North 5th	5	slots

NEVADA CLUB	Robert Van Santen	113 Fremont	117 slots

NEVADA LIQUORS	John L. Funk	2109 E. Fremont	4	slots

NEW VEGAS LANES	Mirabelli & Rugerolli 	   125 South 2nd	1	slot

NEW WING'S CAFE	Robert Peccole	201 North 1st	4	slots

ORANGE RUGUS CO.	Pat Rozzelle	409 Fremont	12 slots

PAYLESS LIQUOR STORE	Joseph Nosanchuck	1509 Fremont	6	slots

PHILLIPS TEXACO SER.	George Phillips	901 South 5th	3	slots

12-29-55
PINKY'S	H.W. & W. PinkStaff	1232 South 5th	5 slots

PIONEER CLUB	Milton B. Page	25 Fremont	98 slots

3	Craps
1 Roulette
5 "21"
l RH Keno
1 Poker

PIONEER COCKTAIL LOUNGE	Milton B.Page	25 Fremont	5 slots

PLAYLAND ARCADE	O.L. Parry	129 South 1st	31 slots

PLAYLAND BAR	O.L. Parry	131 South 1st	3 slots

PROFESSIONAL DRUG	Charles Thompson	421 Fremont	2 slots

PONY EXPRESS DEPOT	Earl E.Wilson	123 South 1st	2 slots

RANDLES CAFE	C. R. Millhizer	1331 North E	2 slots

RED & WHITE CAFE	Ray Knearl	801 South 1st	3 slots

RINGSIDE LIQUOR STORE	Del Barkhuff	1516 South 5th	6 slots	

ROUND UP LIQUOR STORE	1820 South 5th	Murray Peterson	4 slots

ROUND UP DRIVE INN	1820 South 5th	Murray Peterson	7 slots	

RYE & ROLL DELICATESSEN         Mike Gordon	1234 South 5th	2 slots

SALLIE'S LIQUOR STORE	Collins, Johnson &	2120 E.Charleston      12 slots

SAV-ON LIQUOR STORE	Thompson

Sam Don	504 North Main	3 slots

SELEX COFFEE SHOP	Irving Gelsin	209 North Main	2 slots

BILL MOORE'S SHOWBOAT	W.J. Moore	2800 Boulder High- 	62 slots

way	2 Craps

4	"21"

1 Roulette

1	Bingo
350 Chairs

SIGNAL SUPER SERVICE	John P. Ahem	2102 South 5th	3 slots

SILL'S DRIVE INN	Miller, Sill &	1002 South 5th	;9 slots

Christian

SILL'S TELL 'N TOTE	Miller, Sill &	4th & Charleston	3 slots

Christian

SPORTS LIQUOR STORE	Lauchert & Grunisen	419 North Main	4 slots

STAN'S RESTAURANT	Gus Andros	1525 Fremont	3 slots

STEWART'S MARKET	S. Grant Stewart	2021 Stewart	3 slots

STRIP COFFEE SHOP	Keith Campbell	1328 South 5th	4 slots

STRIP DRUG STORE	Carlson & McGowan	2425 South 5th	6 slots

STRIP LIQUOR STORE	James E. Reid	2417 South 5th	7 slots

SUNDOWN LIQUOR STORE	C.H. Murray	218 North Main	2 slots

SWINGING DOOR SALOON	Jack Gilson	111 North 1st	3 slots

SHAMROCK HOTEL	Vegas Enterprises	6l4 North Main	7 slots

SILVER CLUB CAFE	C. R. Millhizer	505 Jackson	2 slots

SKAGG'S DRUG CENTER	Vegas Enterprises	215 Fremont	12 slots

SNAX FIFTH AVENUE	Glenn Sales	417 South 5th	2 slots

SUN DRUG STORE	Vegas Enterprises	808 W. Bonanza	2 slots

SUNSET LIQUOR STORE	Del Barkhuff	1027 South Main	1 slot

SARATOGA RACE BOOK	Henry C. Remiloff	114 South 1st	1 Race Book

TASTY PASTRY	Keith Campbell	2226 E. Charleston 	3 slots

THRIFTY MARKET	Mark J. Klein	1054 South Main	3 slots

TOWN BARBECUE	Anne Bunnell	501 Fremart	3 slots

TOWN TAVERN	Earl Turmon	600 Jackson	2 "21"

1	Craps

2	Poker

TOWN TAVERN	Tom Rolofson	600 Jackson	19 slots

VEGAS VACATIONERS	Glenn Sales	209 Fremont	3 slots

WESTERNER	By: H.O. Pepple	23 Fremont	129 slots

2	Craps

1	Roulette

2	"21"

1 RH Keno

WESTERN LIQUOR STORE	M.C. Britton	6 E.Charleston	5 slots

WESTSIDE GROCERY	C. R. Millhizer	322 Madison	1 slot

WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM	Clyde E. Wilson	517 South 5th	4 slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG #2	Aurellia Scheer	1700 South 5th	6 slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG #1	Aurellia Scheer	201 Fremont	4 slots

WITTWER CAFE	Ray Knearl	720 North Main	4 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Changes

	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Chris, Ted and George Tsouras and

Harry Gordon for license for 6l slots at the Golden Slot Club, 22 Fremont, being
the addition of Mr. Gordon, for the first quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of liquor li-

Renewals	cense for 1956 be approved in the same form as last quarter:



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS

ALL-NITE MARKET	921	South	Main	Arthur Nunez	Ret. Bev.

ALRAY LIQUOR STORE	226	North	2nd	Aldo & Raymond	Ret.Liq.(Min)

Barozzi

AL'S MARKET	4o4	South	2nd	Albert Schouten	Ret. Bev.

ANDY'S LIQUOR STORE	1320 D St.,	Andrew L. Bruner	Ret. Liq.(Min)

AQUA HOTEL CORPORATION	1401 South 5th	Patricia K. Cashen	Tavern

ATOMIC LIQUOR STORE	917 Fremont	Jack & Virginia	Ret. Liq. (Min)

Barrett, Joe &

Stella Sobchik

BOB BASKIN'S RESTAURANT         116	North	5th	Bob Baskin	Rest. Bev.

B.P.O.E.	128	South	3rd	By: Austin Bowler	Club Liquor

BANK CLUB	2300 E. Charleston	Keith Johnson	Tavern

BONANZA MARKET	Vesta Hamby	508 W. Bonanza	Ret. Bev.

THE BOTTLE HOUSE LIQUOR	Floyd J. Cope	827 South 5th	Ret. Liq(Min)

STORE

12-29-55
BRIGHT SPOT DRIVE INN	300 Stewart	Barnie Sullivant	Rest. Bev.

BROWN DERBY	320 Monroe	P.L. Jefferson	Tavern

CAMPANELLI'S SPECIALTY	630 South 11th	Joseph Campanelli	Rest. Bev.

FOODS

CHARLESTON INN	17 West Charleston         Marie R. Phillips	Rest. Bev.

CHARLESTON LIQUOR STORE	9 West Charleston	E.J. Gilbreath	Ret. Liq. (Min)

CHARLIE'S LIQUOR STORE	1511 South Main	Elias Atol	Ret. Liq(Min)

CHAT & CHEW CAFE	1039 South Main	Richard B. Borders	Rest. Bev.

CHATTERBOX	Main & Fremont	El Cortez Hotel,Inc. 	Tavern

CINNABAR	122 North 2nd	James,Fare, Robert	Tavern

Testolin

CLIFF'S 5TH ST. MARKET	729 South 5th	G.C. Luzier	Ret. Bev.

COMMUNITY STORE	1218 D St.	R.M. Johnson	Ret. Bev.

COREY'S FINE FOODS	402 Fremont	John &James Corey	Rest. Bev.

CORK'N BOTTLE LIQUOR STORE      508 fremont	Frank R. & Emma	Ret. Liq(Min)

Pimental

CUT RATE LIQUOR STORE	132 South 5th	Hughie Roach	Ret. Liq(Min)

DANDEE BAR	203 North 1st	Molly Fitzpatrick	Tavern

DE LUCA IMPORTING COMPANY,      723 North Main	John J. DeLuca	Whse & Imp	Bev

INC.

DESERT DISTRIBUTING COMPANY      1405 Industrial Rd.       Herman Lerch	Whse&Imp Bev.

DESERT INN LIQUOR	1507 South 5th	George Pappas	Ret. Liq(Min)

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	24 Fremont	Eugene J. Stem	Rest. Bev.

DOWNTOWN CIVIC & SOCIAL	126½ North 1st	George Harmon	Club Liquor

CLUB

DUFFY'S TAVERN	1815 South 5th	Joe Schramm	Tavern

DOLLAR MARKET	433 North Main	Diamond & Koblin	Ret. Bev.

HOTEL EL CORTEZ ENTER-	6th	& Fremont	W.J.Moore, Jr.	Cocktail	Lounge

PRISES	Tavern

EL SOMBRERO CAFE	807 South Main	C.G. Griego	Rest. Bev.

CAFE EL TORO	504 Jackson	W. Howard Adams	Rest. Bev.

HOTEL ELWELL	204 South 1st	Wm. H. Elwell	Tavern

ESQUIRE BAR	120 South 2nd	Isadore Bernson	Tavern

FAMILY MARKET	1109 Stewart	John H. Walker,	Ret. Bev.

Seth R. Dole

FIFTH ST. LIQUOR STORE	725 South 5th	Gordon W. Potter	Ret. Liq(Min)

FONGS' GARDEN	2021 E. Charleston	Wing Fong	Cabaret

FOODLAND	1500 Fremont	Vegas Foods Co.	Ret. Liq.

By: E.D. Ciliax

FORTUNE CLUB BAR	109 Fremont	Cecil Lynch	Tavern

FREMONT DRUG	6ll Fremont	Harvey G. Parvin	Ret.	Liq.

FRIENDLY LIQUOR STORE	6l6 West Bonanza	Harry Levy	Ret.	Liq(Min)

FOOD CENTER	770 Fremont	Harry Levy	Ret.	Liq(Min)

GALEN'S LIQUOR	1216 South Main	E.C. Hummer	Ret.	Liq(Min)

GOLDEN NUGGET, INC.	129 Fremont	Golden Nugget, Inc.	Tavern

By: C.C. King

HICKORY WOOD BAR-B-Q	315 Fremont	Gus & Helen Corey	Rest. Bev.

HORSESHOE CLUB	116	North 2nd	The Eldorado Club,Inc. 	Tavern

By: Ruth M. Cohen

HORSESHOE CLUB	128	Fremont	The Eldorado Club,Inc		Tavern

By: Ruth M. Cohen

JERRY'S SNACK BAR	407 Fremont	Mary Nicosia	Rest. Bev.

JIMMY'S LIQUOR STORE	1400 North E St.	James Snowden	Ret.	Liq.

JOHNNY'S SUPER MARKET	2200 E. Charleston	John Nassar,	Ret.	Bev.

Blaine Johnson

KEYHOLE BAR	13 Fremont	John A. Harrell	Tavern

LAS VEGAS CLUB	18 Fremont	L.B.Scherer,J.Hall,	Tavern

B. Vander Steen

LAS VEGAS DISTRIBUTING CO.      215 W. Colorado	William Cosulas	Whse	Liq & Imp.Bev.

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR STORE	812 Fremont	Dolores J. Bonaobra 		Ret.	Liq (Min)

LITTLE CASINO	110 North 1st	Alfred John Quodbach 		Tavern

LITTLE GIANT MARKET	107 W.St. Louis	Howard E. Heckethom	Ret. Bev.

THE LITTLE KITCHEN	1608 Fremont	Charles W. Ross Jr.	Rest. Bev.

LOG CABIN BAR	122 North 1st	Albert & David	Tavern

Mengarelli

LUCKY STRIKE CLUB	117 Fremont	By: Milton Prell	Tavern

LIDO BAR	107 North 1st	William E. Elwell	Tavern

MACDONALD HOTEL BAR	208 North 5th	Ma&Donald Hotel Ent. 		Tavern

By: H. Lyini Chase

MAIN LIQUOR STORE	4l6 North 5th	Lillian Winesky	Ret.	Liq(Min)

MARKET TOWN	22 E.Oakey Blvd.	Merv Adelson	Ret.	Bev.

MAYFAIR LIQUOR STORE	l4l8 Fremont	Blaine Beckwith	Ret.	Liq(Bev)

MELODIE LANE INC.	234 Fremont	Tom S. & Wilma A.	Rest. Bev.

Panos

MIKE'S 5TH ST.	MARKET	630	South 5th	Hixenbaugh & Messina 				     Ret. Liq.

By: F. Anthony Messina

MODERN MARKET INC.	121 North 5th	Lewis D. Stein	Ret. Liq.

MONTE CARLO CLUB	15 Fremont	By: Fred Soly	Tavern

NEVADA BEVERAGE	CO.	719	North Main	Nevada Beverage Co. 		    Whse Liq & Imp. Bev.

By: J.L. Bennett

NEVADA CLUB	113	Fremont	Nevada Club	Tavern

By: Robert Van Santen

NEVADA LIQUORS	2109 E.Fremont	Thrifty Liquor & Grill,    Ret.Liq(Min)

Inc.By:John L.Fuak

THE NEW YORKER BAR	115 South 1st	W.R.Washburn	Tavern

Joseph J. Rhiner

PAYLESS LIQUOR STORE	1509 Fremont	Joseph Nosanchuck	Ret.Liq(Min)

PINKY'S	1232 South 5th	Hugh W.& Winifred	Ret.Liq(Min)

Pinkstaff

PIONEER BEVERAGE BAR	25 Fremont	Milton B. Page	Tavern

PIONEER COCKTAIL LOUNGE	(Two Operations)

PLAYLAND ARCADE AND BAR        129 South 1st	O.L. Parry	Tavern

RANDLE'S CAFE	1329 North E St	Amy Randle	Rest. Bev.

RINGSIDE LIQUOR STORE &	1516 South 5th	R.L. Russell	Ret.Liq(Min)

TRDG. POST	Peggy H. Reimers

ROACH DISTRIBUTING COMPANY      rear 828 S. Main	James W. Costello	Whse & Imp. Bev

Carl A. Henatsch

ROUND UP LIQUOR STORE	1820 South 5th	Murray A. Petersen ; Ret.Liq(Min)

12-29-55 Clay Peterson,Sam&Lila Zona
ROUND UP DRIVE IN	1820	South 5th	Murray & Clay Peterson Rest.Bev.

Sam & Lila Zona

SAFEWAY STORES;INCORPORATED    1300 E.Charleston	BY:Robert E. Schoberth        Ret. Bev.

SAFEWAY ST0RES;INC0RP0RATED     122 S.Second	Safeway StoreS;Inc.        Ret. Bev.

By: Wm. Dale Cook

SALLIE'S LIQUOR STORE &	2120	E.Charleston	Starr & Edna M. Thompson Ret.Liq(Min)

BEER BAR	A.S. Johnson & Sam W. Collins

SAMMY'S NEWSTAND & PACKAGE      124 South 1st	Ruth Ann Perlman	Ret.Liq(Min)

LIQUOR

SAV-ON LIQUOR STORE	504 North Main	Sam Don	Ret.Liq(Min)

SELEX COFFEE SHOP	209 North Main	Irving I. Gelsin	Rest. Bev.

SHAMROCK HOTEL	600 North Main	Harry E. Dillon	Tavern

SHERIFF'S MOUNTED POSSE	Cashman Field	By: George J. Madsen 	     Club Liquor

BILL MOORE'S SHOWBOAT	Boulder Highway	W.M. Moore; Jr.	Tavern

Cocktail Lounge

SILL'S DRIVE IN	1002	S. 5th	Miller;Sill & Chris-       Rest. Bev.

tian, Orpha Sill Miller

SILVER CLUB CAFE	505 Jackson	C.R. Millhizer	Rest. Bev.

SKILLET	1519 South Main	James Page	Rest. Bev.

SPORTS LIQUOR STORE	4l9 North Main	August A. Lauchert	Ret.Liq(Min)

Pete G. Gruniesen

STAN'S RESTAURANT	1525 Fremont	Gus S. Andros	Rest. Bev.

STEWART'S MARKET	2021 Stewart	S. Grant Stewart	Ret. Bev.

STRIP LIQUOR STORE	2417 South 5th	James E. Reid	Ret. Liq(Min)

SUNDOWN LIQUOR	218 North Main	C.H. Murray	Ret. Liq(min)

SWINGING DOOR SALOON	111 North 1st	Jack Gilson	Tavern

TEN PIN TAVERN	123 South 2nd	T.R. Monteverde	Tavern

THRIFTY DRUG STORES CO.INC.     317 Fremont	By: A. Mac Ritchie	Ret. Liq

THRIFTY MARKET	1054 S.Main	Mark J. Klein	Ret. Bev.

TOWN BARBECUE	506 Fremont	Gustav 0. Ciliax	Rest. Bev.

TOWN TAVERN	600 Jackson	Earl Turman	Tavern

VEGAS BEVERAGE COMPANY;INC.     424 North Main	By: T.H. Underhill       Whse Liq & Imp.I

VENETIAN PIZZERIA	1980 Fremont	Albert Perry	Rest. Bev.

THE WESTERNER	23 Fremont	H. Pepple	Tavern

WESTERN LIQUOR STORE	6 E. Charleston	M.C. Britton	Ret.Liq(Min)

WESTSIDE GROCERY	322 Madison	Elijah Pullens	Ret. Bev.

WITTWER CAFE	720 North Main	Ray Knearl	Rest. Bev.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes;
none.

Changes	Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Italo Ghelfi for the tavern license

for the Golden Gate; 1 Fremont; formerly issued to Sid Martin; be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS;
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Chris; Ted and George Tsouras and
Harry Gordon for the tavern license for the Golden Slot; 22 Fremont; being the
addition of Harry Gordon; be approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS;
none.

CIGARETTE LICENSES	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail

	sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

AUSTIN DRUG	K.S. Austin	821	South 5th

ALL NITE MARKET	Arthuf Nunez	921	South Main

AL'S MARKET	Albert Schouten	404	South 2nd

BOTTLE HOUSE	Floyd J. Cope	827	South 5th

BRIGHT SPOT	Barnie Sullivant	300	Stewart

CHARLESTON INN	Marie R.Phillips	17	W. Charleston

CLIFF'S 5TH ST. MKT.	G.C. Luzier	729	South 5th

JOHNNY'S SUPER MARKET #1	John Nassar	2200	E.Charleston

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR STORE	Dolores J. Bonaobra	812	E.Fremont

MAIN LIQUOR STORE	Lillian Winesky	4l6	North 5th

MARKET TOWN	Merv Adelson	22	E. Oakey

MAYFAIR LIQUOR STORE	Blaine Beckwith	l4l8	Fremont

PAYLESS LIQUOR STORE	Joseph Nosanchuck	1509	Fremont

SALLIE'S LIQUOR STORE	A.H. Johnson	2120	E. Charleston

SAMMY'S LIQUOR STORE	Ruth Anne Perlman	124	S. 1st

SILL'S DRIVE INN	Orpha Sill Miller	1102	S. 5th

SPORTS LIQUOR STORE	P.G. Gruinesen	419	North Main

STRIP LIQUOR STORE	J.E. Reid	2417	South 5th

SUNDOWN LIQUOR'S	C.H. Murray	218	North Main

THRIFTY MARKET	Mark J. Klein	1054	South Main

TOWN BARBECUE	G.O. Ciliax	506	Fremont

WESTERN LIQUOR STORE	M.C. Britton	6	E. Charleston

WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM	Clyde E. Wilson	517	South 5th

STEWART'S MARKET	S. Grant Stewart	2021	Stewart

FAMILY MARKET	Seth R. Dole	1109	E.Stewart

DOLLAR MARKET	Robert Koblin	433	North Main

DESERT INN LIQUOR STORE	George Pappas	1500	South 5th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker;Fountain;Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.
Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolu-
tion:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-36 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said
improvements; including all incidental expenses which may he legally included
in the sums assessed according to benefits against the owners and assessable
lots; premises; and property specially benefited by such improvements and in-
cluded within said district proportionately to the benefits received; and

WHEREAS; the hearing on said roll has been regularly recesses until
this date; and

WHEREAS; construction bids received disclose that the assessment roll
heretofore filed on October 5, 1955; must be revised downward in order to
properly represent the actual costs of said district;

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED by this Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 29th day of De-
cember; 1955; that the assessment roll heretofore filed on October 5, 1955; the
same being numbered 34-1955; be and the same hereby is referred to the County
Assessor-Ex Officio City Assessor for revision and correction to provide for a
total assessment of $638,390.59.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said revised Assessment Roll shall be reported
back and filed with this Board on or before January 4, 1956.

Dated at Las VegaS; Nevada; this 29th day of December; 1955.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker; Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolu-
tion:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS; the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark; State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof have taken action to improve certain streets and parts
of streets therein; and

WHEREAS; said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
200-17 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS; said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said im-
provements including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the
sums assessed according to benefits against the owners and assessable lots; prem-
ises and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within
said district proportionately to the benefits received; and

WHEREAS; the hearing on said roll has been regularly recessed until this
date; and

WHEREAS; construction bids received disclose that the assessment roll here-
tofore filed on October 5, 1955 must be annulled and a new assessment be made;

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 29th day of De-
cember; 1955 that the assessment roll heretofore filed on October 5, 1955; the
same being numbered 35-1955; be and the same hereby is annulled and the County
Assessor; Ex Officio City Assessor is hereby ordered and directed to prepare
and file a new roll to provide for a total assessment of $23,774.11.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said new roll shall be filed with the Clerk of
this Board on or before January 4, 1956.

Dated at Las Vegas; Nevada, this 29th day of December, 1955.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following meritorious salary increases as recom-
mended by the City Manager be approved, effective Janary 1, 1956.

NAME	DEFT.	STEP TO	SCHEDULE DOLLARS

STEP

Hawkins, Ralston	City Atty.	4-5	30	595-629

Heath, William	Building	3-4	24	403-426

Whitman, Marvin	Cemetery	3-4	20	322-341

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-17

MERITORIOUS SALARY INCREASES
Burt, James E.	Engineering	1-2	23	341-360

0"Connor, Mildred	Finance	3-4	17	273-288

Leavitt, J. Marion	Fire	4-5	26	476-503

Mudd, James	"	"	"	"	"

Wimberly, Joseph	"	"	"	"	"

Castile, Richard	"	3-4	22	360-381

Perri, Charles J.	"	4-5	22	381-403

Christensen, Wallace "	"	26	476-503

Sterner, Gerald	"	3-4	22	360-381

Boggs, Ernest	"	4-5	24	426-450

Contner, George	"	"	"	"	"

Thompson, Kenneth	"	"	"	"	"

Walker, James	"	"	"	"	"

Helm, Joseph	Garage	"	22	381-403

Sanford, Willis	"	"	18	305-322

Kritsky, George	Golf Course	3-4	16	258-273

Waitman,Lillian	Library	2-3	16	244-258

Brumbaugh, Jo Ann	License	3-4	16	258-273

Campbell, Robert	Maintenance	4-5	17	288-305

Zook, Erie	Maintenance	3-4	17	273-288

Adams, Evelyn	Police	2-3	18	273-288

Barrett, Herbert	"	3-4	23	381-403

Dunn, Richard	"	"	25	426-450

Everett, Bobbie	"	2-3	23	360-381

Foremaster, John	"	4-5	25	450-476

Gulas, Paul	"	2-3	23	360-381

Hamilton, Doyle	"	4-5	25	450-476

Hamilton, Loris	"	2-3	25	403-426

Hardy, Buddy	"	3-4	23	381-403

Hocker, Mary	"	1-2	22	322-341

Hostetler, Mary	"	3-4	17	273-288

Jeanes, Charles	"	2-3	23	36O-381

Kim, Frank	"	4-5	25	450-476

Quinn, George	"	3-4	"	426-450

Walters, Rozens	"	2-3	18	273-288

Winger, Max	"2	4-5	23	403-426

Bahr, Vem	Sanitation	3-4	19	305-322

Barr, Larry L.	"	2-3	19	288-305

Hughes, Willie	"	"	"	"	"

Chandler, Donald	Street Light. 	   3-4	22	36O-381

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrant Nos. 5269 and 5270
in the total amount of $1,978.00 be approved and the signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Fountain passed his voting stating he has an interest in the
MacDonald Hotel which has a check in this group.

An ordinance entitled:	AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHARTER 24, SECTION

26, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY PERMITTING ADVERTISING SIGNS AND OTHER
TEMPORARY STRUCTURES TO BE CONSTRUCTED AND MAINTAINED WITHIN THE BUILDING SET-
BACK DISTANCE UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RE-
LATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CON-
FLICT THEREWITH, was read in full to the Board.

Mr. Jack Young of Young Electric Sign Company was present and requested time
before adopting this ordinance in order that the sign companies could study it.

Commissioner Fountain moved that action on this ordinance be deferred until
January 4, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, the Nevada State Legislature adopted a two percent gross sales tax
at its 1955 session to provide revenue for increasing governmental costs; and

WHEREAS, the Nevada municipalities are in serious need of additional funds in
order to provide necessary services to their citizens;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Nevada Municipal Association requests
the governor of the State of Nevada that he present to the forthcoming special
session of the Nevada State Legislature the proposal that twenty-five percent
of the gross revenue derived from the Nevada Sales Tax be apportioned to the
cities and counties of the State of Nevada in proportion to the receipts from
the counties from which it originated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Alfred Ripps for a gaming license
for 13 slot machines, a retail liquor miniature license, a cigarette and general
business license at Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont for the 1st quarter of 1956
be approved subject to the following conditions:

SERVICE AND MATERIAL WARRANTS



EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
Advertising Signs

RESOLUTIONy Sales Tax

LIQUOR, GAMING & BUSINESS
LICENSES

Mike's Liquor Store
These licenses are issued, to and pursuant to the order of the
Court in the Writ of Preliminary Injunction and are issued un-
der protest thereof. The licenses will be terminated for that
location promptly upon the dissolving of said injunction.

Motion carried by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the assessment roll on Assess-
ment District No. 100-36 be continued until January 4, 1956 at 7.30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes,none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of W.T. Stewart for advanced payment
of $5,000 on the property to be purchased from him for the sewage disposal
plant be approved, and the warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of P.J., John and Rita Buckley for
a restaurant beverage license for Buckley's, 20 Fremont, for the fourth quar-
ter of 1955 be approved subject to favorable police investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont to
replace a "21" game for a Faro Bank for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy requested permission to take the $850.00 credit we
have with Gaudin Motors plus and additional $2000 and purchase a station wagon
to be used by his office.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the release
of bonds on Crestwood Tracts Nos. 4 and 5.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to sign an application for
government land.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ayp; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36

ADVANCE PAYMENT
Sewage Disposal
Plant Property

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Buckley's
New 

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

PURCHASE OF CAR

RELEASE OF BONDS
Crestwood #4 & #5

GOVERNMENT LAND
Las Vegas, Nevada
January 4, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Nevada held this 4th day of January, 1956 was called to order
by His Honor Mayor Baker at the hour of 7.35 P.M. with the following mem-
bers present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager        Robert W. Notti
City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director         Franklin J. Bills
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Mayor Baker explained to those present that the matter of the elimination
of curb parking on South 5th Street would be discussed by the Parking and
Traffic Commission at their meeting to be held January 5, 1956 at 2.00 P.M.

Commissioner Sharp moved the ordinance recently adopted eliminating curb
parking on South 5th Street from Oakey to San Francisco be referred back to
the Parking and Traffic Commission for review and further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of William
Clark of the denial of his application for rezoning of Lots 1 through
7, Block 10, Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-4 to C-2, His Honor asked if
there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this hearing be held in abeyance until a complete
study can be made of the complete area of East Charleston.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Michael Hines appeared before the Commission at this time on behalf of
Mr. Stanley Lewis who had been refused a permit to work in one of the down
town clubs. Mr. Hines explained that Mr. Lewis had received a temporary
permit in 1952 and in 1954, and had also worked on the Strip with a card
from the Sheriff's office. Mr. Hines said that Mr. Lewis had been con-
victed of a felony and had served fourteen months in prison. He requested
that a permit be granted.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Stanley Lewis for a work permit
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Baker and Hazard Inc. for the
rezoning of the South 988.87 feet of the west 210 feet; and the south 190
feet of the east 1118.54 feet of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 21, T20s, R6lE.
MDB&M from R-E to R-4. This application was approved by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker declared his interest in this property and passed his vote.

The application of Louis Miranti for rezoning of Block 7 and 18; Block 6,
except Lots 9,15, 16 and 47; Block 19, except Lots 11, 19 and 20; Block
30 except Lots 9 and 11 of Las Vegas Square from R-1 to R-3 was continued
until January 18, 1956.

Consideration was given to the application of A. Nordeen to construct an
eighteen foot wall for a sound barrier between the Baby Tel Nursery and his
apartments at 201 St. Louis (North 12½ feet of Lot 38 and Lots 39 and 40,

Block 13, Meadows Addition). The Board of Adjustment denied this application.

Mr. Robert E. Jones appeared on behalf of Mr. Nordeen and requested that this
application for variance be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance until June 6, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: None.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.01 for the towing con-
tract with the City, His Honor announced that he understood that four of the
businessmen wished to make a joint bid.

Mr. Wayne Kirch appeared and asked why it had to be a contract. Discussion was

held on the matter.	

1-4-56

S0UTH 5TH STREET
Elimination of Curb Parking



PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-41-55

WORK PERMIT

REZONING - Z-37-55
Baker & Hazard Inc.

Approved

REZONING - z-34-55
Louis Miranti

VARIANCE - V-41-55
A. Nordeen

BID NO. 56.01
Towing Contract


Thereafter the only bid received was opened and read as follows:

GENE'S AUTO BODY SERVICE	$360.00 per month

will be paid to the
City for this Contract

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance until January

18, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

The application of Dr. Hale B. Slavin to rezone Lots 1-5, Block 1 and Lot 1,

Block 2 of Charleston Square #1 and Lot 1, Block 3; Huntridge Addition from
R-1 to R-4 was considered by the Board. The Planning Commission recommended
this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of R.J. Kaltenborn for E.E. Kaltenborn
for the rezoning of Block 1, Lots 1-6 of Paradise Park from R-3 to R-4. The
Planning Commission recommended approval of this application.

His Honor asked if there were any objections.

Mr. Robert Santa Cruz appeared on behalf of Mr. & Mrs. George Quinn protesting
this rezoning.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be deferred until January 18, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Not voting:	Commissioner Sharp.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the street running between
Main Street and Rancho High School, south of Woodlawn Cemetery be named Fore-
master Lane, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this street name be held January
18, 1956 at 7.30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George E. Wade recommended the final map of McNeil Tract No. 4 be
approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of McNeil Tract No. 4 be approved and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade recommended the final acceptance and release of bond on Van
Patten Tract No. 2. He said that all the conditions previously stipulated had
been complied with.

Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements in Van Patten Tract No. 2 be accepted
and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the subdividers of Dawson park Tract No. 2 be granted
a sixty day extension of time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	ComG

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, TO MAKE CERTAIN PUBLIC
IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER ALONG CERTAIN
STREETS AND ALLEYS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS AND ALLEYS AND EASEMENTS THEREIN; TO
CREATE SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-13 FOR THE PURPOSE
OF MAKING SAID IMPROVEMENTS, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST AND EXPENSES THEREOF
BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT MADE ACCORDING TO BENEFITS; FIXING A TIME IN WHICH PROTESTS
AGAINST THE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS OR THE CREATION OF SUCH DISTRICT MAY BE HEARD
AND CONSIDERED BY SAID BOARD; DIRECTING NOTICE THEREOF TO BE GIVEN AND PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO, AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY, was read in full to the
Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Emergency Ordinance No. 685 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

1-4-56

REZONING - Z-45-55
Dr. H.B. Slavin
Approved

REZONING - Z-44-55
E.E. Kaltenborn

STREET NAME
Public Hearing Set

MCNEIL TRACT NO. 4
Final Map Approved

VAN PATTEN NO. 2
Final Acceptance

DAWSON PARK NO. 2
Extension of time

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 200-13
Emergency Ordinance
No. 685

At the hour of 8.45 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at
at the hour of 9.00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Mamie F. Higbee for Decatur
Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

(RESOLUTION COPIED IN MINUTE BOOK 10)

(Inserted at end of these minutes)

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Betty Fuller for Decatur
Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 28th day of November, 1955; executed by Betty Fuller, a widow of A.F. Fuller
to the city of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in-
tentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County, of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the
Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto adopted at a regular meeting of
the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS THEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 5th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By_____________________________, Deputy

FOR:	Decatur Blvd.

At this time the Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Cora W. Swinton
for Gold Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, this 4th day of January, 1956, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
the deed, dated the 8th day of December, 1955, executed by Cora W. Swinton, a
widow to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the pur-
poses and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 5th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER____________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By __________________, Deputy

FOR: Gold Ave.

1-4-56

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS
Decatur Blvd.

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS
Gold Avenue
Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Lillia and Douglas Smith for
Gold Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made;

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of January, 19%, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 8th day of December, 19%, executed by Lillia M. Smith and Douglas W. Smith
Jr. mother and son as joint tenants to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to s aid
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I Shirley Ballinger City Clark, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 5th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER___________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By_____________. Deputy

For:	Gold Ave.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Nancy Johnson and Vidalaur
Jefferson for Gold Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 8th day of December, 1955, executed by Nancy Johnson, a married woman and
Vidalaur Jefferson, a married woman to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )	

I Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of January,
1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal, this 5th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER__________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
By_______________, Deputy

SEAL

FOR: Gold Avenue

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Lucille Hughes for Gold
Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

1-4-56
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 12th day of December, 1956, executed by Lucille Hughes, a widow to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property de-
scribed therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA, )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of January,
1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 5th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER___________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
By_______________, Deputy

(SEAL)

FOR:	Gold Ave.

The Board considered the quitclaim deed from Sam Williams, Sam Williams Jr., and
Earl William for Gold Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 8th day of December, 1955; executed by Sam Williams, a single man, Sam Wil-
liams Jr., a single man, and Earl Williams, a single man, father and sons all
as joint tenants to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth: and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA, )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK,

I Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the fordgoing to be a full, true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of January,

1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 5th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER_____________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
By___________ , Deputy

(SEAL)

FOR:	Gold Ave.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 9367 through 9844 in the net
amount of $66,829.61 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 5271 to 5429
in the total, amount of $69,118.71 be approved and the signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of December 29, 1955 be amended to show
that the Mayor was authorized to sign an application for Government Land.

l-4-56

PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of December 21 and 29, 1933 as amended
be approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that the low bid of V.C. Mendenhall Inc.
on Assessment District No. 100-36 be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the bid of V.C. Mendenhall, Inc. for the installation
of improvements in Assessment District No. 100-36 in the total amount of $55,122.23
be accepted, subject to the sale of bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy recommended the low bid of Espy Brothers on Assessment Dis-
trict No. 200-17 be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved the bid of Espy Brothers for the installation of im-
provements in Assessment District No. 200-17 be accepted in the total amount of
$20,673.14, subject to the sale of bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager recommended the low bid of J.A. Tiberti for the construction of
the new fire station at Industrial Road and Utah Avenue be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bid of J.A. Tiberti on Bid No. 33.23 for the
construction of the fire station at Industrial Road and Utah Avenue in the total
amount of $79,490.00 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-!

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay;e noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy moved the request of Wells Cargo for payment of $7,313.12
for the installation of signals at Carson and 5th and Ogden and 5th be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Wells Cargo be paid $7,313.12 for the installa-
tion of traffic signals on 5th Street, and the warrant prepared.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment be made to Wells Cargo for the
underground work on 3th Street in the amount of $2,228.43.

Commissioner Fountain moved this payment of $2,228.43 to Wells Cargo be approved
and the warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade recommended that partial payment to Wells Cargo on Assessment
District No. 100-23 in the total amount of $4,263.52 be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved that partial payment to Wells Cargo om Assessment
District No. 100-23 in the total amount of $4,263.52 for the improvement of
Bonanza Road through the Helldorado Village be approved and the warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The matter of advertising signs on benches was held over until the next meeting
on January 18, 1936.

Commissioner Fountain moved the refund of $6,810.00 to Ernest Amante et al on
the gaming and liquor applications for the New Boulder Club be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of Bruck Beckley and Virginia Richard-
son for the City to lease a lot 100 x 130 feet on 6th and Carson for a parking
lot at $550.00 per month. Mr. Kennedy explained that this lease differs from
the others in that the lessor can cancel at any time and the City can after
three years; and the right of first refusal when the property is offered for
sale is not included in this lease.

Thereafter the Commission requested that this lease be referred to the Parking
and Traffic Commission for study and recommendation.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Joe Gordon and L.D. Stein who own property
at 16th and Charleston have deposited a check in the amount of $1500.00 to cover
half the cost in relocating the sewer line in this area.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following agreement be approved:

This memorandum of agreement entered into by the City of Las Vegas as Party
of the First Part, and Joseph Gordon and L.D. Stein as Party of the Second Part,

1-4-56

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36
Construction Bid
Awarded

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO.200-17
Construction Bid
Awarded

BID NO. 55.23
Fire Station
Awarded

TRAFFIC SIGNAL
PAYMENT

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25

5TH STREET
UNDERGROUND WORK

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-23 

Partial Payment

ADVERTISING ON
BENCHES 

REFUND ON GAMING
& LIQUOR APPLICATIONS

PARKING LOT LEASE
Beckley and Richardson

SEWER EASEMENT
Gordon & Stein
WHEREAS, the sewer line now existing on the northerly 10 feet of Lots 9 and
10, Block 3 of Mayfair Tract No. 1 must be relocated; and

WHEREAS, the realignment thereof will inure to the benefit of adjacent prop-
erty owners; and

WHEREAS, the City owns an easement that is no longer required for the use of
said sewer; and

WHEREAS, the Second Party has agreed to contribute to the City the sum of
$1500,00 to assist in the cost of realignment of the said sewer.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is mutually agreed the Second Party will pay to the
City the sum of $1500.00 for the use and purpose herein mentioned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not
voting, Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that this City join the American Municipal Assoc-
iation. He stated that various benefits could be derived from this organization
such as Federal legislation passed for cities. He explained the cost would be
$100.00 per year.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City join the American Municipal Association.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and review the assessments
and hear any objections to said assessments which maybe made on the proposed im-
provements in Assessment District No. 100-36, as shown on Assessment Roll No. 3b-

1935.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that
a petition containing 16 property owners and one letter had been filed, pro-
testing this district.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any further objections,
suggestions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assess-
ment roll. There were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this Assessment Roll No. 3b-1933 be confirmed and the
following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION CONFIRMING ASSESSMENT ROLL

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets and parts
of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-36 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said im-
provements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in
the sums assessed according to benefits against the owners and assessable lots,
premises and property specifically benefited by such improvements and included
within such District, proportionately to the benefits received; and

WHEREAS, the said Assessment Roll was filed with the City Clerk on the
5th day of October, 1955; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said Assessment
Roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, at a recessed regular meeting held on the 29th day of December,
1955, the County Assessor, Ex-officio City Assessor, was directed to revise
and correct the said Roll; and

WHEREAS, the said correction and revision in no case resulted in a higher
assessment against any of the assessable lots within said District, but on the
contrary, resulted in a lowered assessment in most cases; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said Assessment Roil,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof, held on the 4th day of January, 1936,
that Assessment Roll No. 34-1955, as revised and corrected, be and the same
hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirmation
on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Officio City
Assessor, for the placing of said assessments on the official rolls of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 4th day of January, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk	

1-4-56

AMERICAN MUNICIPAL
ASSOCIATION

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Public Hearing on
Assessment Roll
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
#100-36

ORIGINAL ROLL TOTAL	70 710,104.75

Less Corrections:

As shown	27,206.51

Should be	22,509.93

Net Corrections	(4,696.58)

Total before valuation	adjustment	705,408.17

Valuation adjustment	(21,032.49)

NET ORIGINAL ROLL	684,375.68

LOW BIDDER:

Ideal Asphalt	555,122.25

Add 15% overhead	83,268.34

TOTAL COST	638,390.59

CONVERSION FACTOR:

$638,390.59 + 705,408.17	=	.9049946076

RECONCILIATION:

Total Cost	638,390.59

Add decimal adjustments	 .13

638,390.72

Less excess cost over Assessed Valuation	(13,942.00)

FINAL ROLL TOTAL	624,448.72

FINAL

LOT # PROPERTY OWNER	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	COST

7	Watson, George & Fredenia

1211 "H" St., L.V.	820.00	2,700.00	120	560.77

8	Veley, George &	Rosalie

1216 N. "H" St., L.V.	670.00	3,200.00	120	560.77

9	Conway, Louis &	Luddie

220 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	670.00	120	560.77

10	Thompson, Harry	W. & Butler,

Mary

3825 W. Adams Blvd.,

Los Angeles, California	670.00	900.00	120	560.77

11	Taylor, Henry &	Marie

716 Madison Ave., L.V.	670.00	120	560.77

BLOCK 1 B.M. JONES SUBDIVISION

1	Boob Jones Auto	Sales, Inc.

1200 S. 5th St., L.V.	710	240	710.00

2	Same as above	590=	239	590.00

3	Hampton, Lula

420 Washington Ave., L.V.	590	1,850.	239	724.23

4	Perkins, Elois

408 Washington Ave., L.V.	590	3,480.	238	812.24

5 Irr.	(H.F.M. &M. )

Perkins, Elois

408 Washington Ave., L.V.	290	302	290.00

5	Irr.	(Valley View)

Miller, Iola Bell &

Snowden, Myrtle

412 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	345	180.	303	45l.09

6	(Valley View)

Tanner, Minnie

903 "D" St., L.V.	710	480.	237	1056.12

7	(N½ Valley View)

Mason, L.J. & Lula

923 N. "D" St., L.V.	355	1,600.	305	487.b3

7	(S½ Valley View)

Mason, William

408 W.Adams,L.V.	355	304	355.00

l-4-56
FINAL

LOT#	PROPERTY OWNER	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	COST

8	Irr. (Plus Irr. Lot 8, Valley View)

Brown, Elia May

111 Monroe Ave.,	L.V.	660	1,870.	235	643.87

9	Hays, Emmit & Eldora

4l5 Madison Ave.,	L.V.	590	750.	235	643.87

10	Pearsen, Ethel

404½ Monroe Ave.,L.V.	590	750.	115	555.86

11	Herbert, William	F. & Hazel

500 Freeman Aye., L.V.	590	"	"	555.86

12	Wilson, B. Agatha

24 Stewart St., L.V.	710	116	710.00

BLOCK 1 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION PLUS PORTIONS OF BLOCK 1 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Garrett, Harry W.	& Elliott

1004 N. "E" St., L.V.	710	840	116	799.73

2	Same as above	590	840	115	555.86

3	Lawson, Ira

409	W. Jefferson St., L.V.	590	2,490.	115	555.86

4	Mason, Matilda

408 W. Adams Ave., L.V.	"	1,250.	235	643.87

5	Irr.	(H.F.M.& M.)

Thomas, Henrietta

404 Adams Ave., E.V.	400	1,270.	306	358.49

5	Irr.	(Valley View)

Church: The Bethel Baptist
Church of Las Vegas, Inc.

715 Harrison St., L.V.	250	2,500.	307	285.39

6	(Valley View)

Same as above	710	7,100.	236	887.75

7	(Valley View)

Harris, Robert

1023 "D" St., L.V.	710	2,580.	236	887.75

8	Irr.	(Valley View)

Same as above	180	650.	308	209.87

8	Irr.	(H.F.M. &M.)

Same as above	500	270.	309	434.00

9	Johnson, Lawyer

409 W. Jefferson, L.V.	590	3,000.	375	556.77

10	Howard,Dan & Bertha

415 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	"	405.	115	555.86

11	Johnson, Lawyer &	Susie Lee

409 W. Jefferson, L.V.	"	700	376	468.76

12	Rodgers, James A. & Mildred

1012 "E" St., L.V.	710	7,180.	116	799.73

BLOCK 2 H.F. M. & M. ADDITION PLUS PORTIONS OF BLOCK 2 VALLE VIEW ADDITION

1	Lee, Janmie

422 Jefferson Ave.,	L.V.	710	3,190.	377	712.64

2	Mosley, Hugh & Alma L.

4l6	Jefferson	Ave.,	L.V.	590	1,580.	115	555.86

3	Snowden, Myrtle

412 Jefferson	Ave.,	L.V.	590	2,885.	115	555.86

4	Garlington, Bessie

410 Jefferson Ave.,	L.V.	590	180.	375	556.77

5 Irr. (H.F. M. & M.)

Rawls, Willie & Susie

408 Jefferson	Ave.,	L.V.	500	1,570.	378	423.15

$ Irr.	(Valley View)

Jackson, William Lester

400 Jefferson	Ave.,	L.V.	150	180.	384	133.62

6	(Valley View
Jackson, William Lester

400 Jefferson	Ave.,	L.V.	710	5,290.	375	556.77

7	(Valley View)

Simmens, Sr., Jeffersen&

Simmens, John L.

618 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	710	4,920.	236	887.75

8	Irr.	(H.F. M.&M.)

Henten, Oliver & Mary

407 Madison Ave., L.V.	550	1,130.	312	540.84

8	Irr.	(Valley View)

Snyder, Lillian Grover

3043 Cedar &t., L.V.	80	313	80.00

9	Grimes, Alberta & Gustava
Box 647

McNary, Arizona	590	1,020 .	235	643.87

10	Bell, Phillip E. & Carrie

)4l5 Madison Ave., L.V.	590	2,140.	115	555.86

11	Smith, Judge & Hazel

1112 "E" St., L.V.	590	1,855.	115	555.86

12	Same as above	710	1,855.	116	799.73

BLOCK 3 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION PLUS PORTIONS OF BLOCK 3 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

l-4-56
LOT # PROPERTY OWNER	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	FINAL COST

1	Tony, S. & Susie

1208 "E" St., L.V.	710	1620	116	799.73

2	Evans, J.B. & Bertha
c/o Earl McDonald

520 Monroe St., L.V.	590	270	115	555.S6

3	Hanks, Alberta

414 Madison St.,	L.V.	590	2210	115	555.86

^	Manns, Jim

408 Madison St.,	L.V.	590	270	117	587.30

$	Hightswer, C.B. & Catherine

404 Madison St., L.V.	590	1380	117	587.30

6	(Valley View)

Howard, Kay

310 E.Charleston	Blvd.,L.V.	790	300	119	831.17

7	(Valley View)

Johnson, Nancie

1308 "D" St., L.V.	700	1970	364	837.91

8	Jeffersen, P.L. &

Johnson, Nancie

320 Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	5020	104	594.03

9	O'Neal, Joshua & Isabel

4ll	Monroe Ave.,L.V.	590	540	104	594.03

10	Moses, Billie Jr.		

Box 1763, L.V.	590	1410	102	562.59

11	Goldsmith, Angel B.

1223 N. "E" St., L.V.	590	1270	102	562.59

12	Same as above	710	1265	103	806.57

BLOCK 4 H.F. M. & M. ADDITION PLUS PORTIONS OF BLOCK 4 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Robinson, Lula

420 Monroe Ave.,L.V.=	710	4880	l47	806.47

2	Allen, JohnS. &	Lizzie

416 Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	1910	146	562.59

3	Eppenger, Cass

Box l44l, L.V.	590	1895	146	562.59

4	Same as above	590	1895	152	594.03

5	Jones, Harvey & Rebbie

1315 N. "D" St.,L.V.	590	1790	152	594.03

6	Irr.	(H.F. M.&M.)

Sparks, Coy & Mildred J.

 319 Jackson Ave., L.V.	30	153	837.91

6 Irr.	Same as above	680	500

7	Irr.	(H.F.M. &M.)

Jackson, Ada T.

114 N. 1st St., L.V.	120	349	97.56

7	Irr.	(Valley View)

Jones, Harvey & Rebbie

1315 N. "D" St., L.V.	610	5010	350	733/72

8	Crozier, Allan &	Helen

(40% Int. )

Crozier, Oscar & Barbara
60% Int.)

128 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	390	158	587.30

9	Cannon, Emma A.

305 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590	158	587.30

10	(E 25')Presley, Harrison E.

514 Madison Ave., L.V.	290	160	277.95

10	(E 11' of W25')

Fortsen, George & Gertrude

315 Washington Ave., L.V.	130	830	170	122.28

10	(W 14')

Jackson, Betty Jean

6;6 McWilliams Ave., L.V.=	170		169	l55.64

11	(E½)	Horton, Joseph	vVera

415 Jackson Ave., L.V.	295	850	160	277.95

11	(W½)	Wilson, Clyde C.	& Leodora

	4l7 Jackson ^ve., L.V.	295	450=	160	277.95

12	El Morocco Club, Inc.

332 N. "E St., NL. V.	710	5620	376	568.75

BLOCK 5 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION PLUS PORTIONS OF BOOK VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Myers, E.G.

1400 N. "E" St., L.V..	710	4690	379	494.89

2	Johnson, Jeff

418 Jackson Ave., L.V.	390	3460	149	555.86

3	Nimmens, Peter Paul & LeEtter

4l2	Jackson Ave., L.V.	590	1960	149	555.86

4	Rose Holding Corp.

c/o Box 709, L.V.	590	25	158	587.30

5	Irr.	Same as above	590	1750	158	587.30

6	Irr.	(H.F.M.&M.)

Carver House, Inc.

Box 1348	140

6	Irr.	(Valley View)

Same as above	570	1180	154	831.17

7	Irr.	(H.F.M. & M.)

Sanders, Murry & Nancy J.

1413 "D" St.,L.V.	230

7	Irr.	(Valley View)

Same above	480	1280	159	744.08

8	Glasper, Rosie	Lee

405 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590	920	155	500.20

l-4-56
LOT # PROPERTY OWNER	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	FINAL COST

9	Ensley, Beysie & Ina Marie

Lj09 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590	9060	155	500.20

10	(Ely 20')

Same as above	240	387	222.33

10	(Wly 30' )

Banner, John W. &

Glynn, Michey H.

4ll Van	Buren	Ave.,	L.V.	360	50	388	333.50

11	Feltus, Mary

4l7	Van	Buren	Ave.,	L.V.	590	2310	156	468.76

12	Las Vegas Colored	Progressive

Club

c/o 8l4	N. "E" St.,	L.V.	710	270	157	712.64

BLOCK 6 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION PLUS PORTIONS OF BLOCK 6 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Haney, Tansy

428 Van	Buren	Ave.,	L.V.	710	1000	157	712.64

2	Same as	above	590	1000	156	468.76

3	Harris,	George Lacy	& Maude	590	150	156	468.76

4	Johnson, R.M. & Elvessie

408 Van	Buren	Ave.,	L.V.	590	1720	155	500.20

5	Jones, V.A,

c/o Rosie Lee Claspar

405 Van	Buren	Ave.,	L. V.	590	580	155	500.20

6	Irr.	Polk, Bernard F.	& Annie	P.

1511 "D" St., L.V.	250

6	Irr.	(Valley View)

Same as	above	450	1630

7	Irr.	(H.F.M. & M.)

Church:	Pilgrim Church

of Christ

c/o LeRoy Christensen

Box l4ll, L.V.	340	3600	370	864.85

7	Irr.	(Valley View)

Same as	above	360	3960

8	Harris, George Lacy & Maude

4l2 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590	1210	369	620.97

9	McLemore, Isabell

407 Harrison St., L.V.	590	1900	369	620.97

10	McLemore, George	& Roberta

411 Harrison Ave., L.V.	590	2250	380	554.71

11	Same as above	590	1910	374	502.43

12	Bullock, Ruben &	Vera

1512 "E" St., L.V.	710	4150	374	502.43

H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

BLOCK 7/PLUS PORTIONS OF BLOCK 7 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	McConnell, Rufus & Renall

501 Madison Ave.,	L.V.	770	3000	200	698.85

2	Lewis, Police & Emma

4l6 Harrison Ave., L.V.	750	680	201	493.58

3	Reed, Samuel & Eula Mae

4l2 Harrison Ave., L.V.	700	680	202	488.53

4	Church: Pilgrim Mission

Church of Christ

c/o Box lbll, L.V.	650	203	508.33

5	Same as above	600	204	503.51

6	Irr.	(H.F.M.&M.)

Hassen, Joe

402 Harrison Ave., L.V.	310	1260	205	684.74

6	Irr.	(Valley View)

Hassen, Joe

402 Harrison Ave., L.V.

BLOCK 8 PLF.M.& M. ADDITION PLUS PORTIONS OF VALLEY VIEW ADDITION
ALL	Schoel: Las Vegas Grammar

Las Vegas, Nevada	4690	188	3555.35

BLOCK 9 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Stevens, Juanita

304 N. 2nd St., L.V.	710	1350	l48	799.73

2	Stevens, Marvel & Wanda M.

Box 3b2, L.V.	590	1030	l49	555.86

3	Montgomery, Reuben & Emma

508 W. Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	590	1700	l49	555.8$

4	Cox, Maggie Lee

506 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590	l49	555.86

5 (W 40') Council, Alenza & Ella

500 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	470	2200	319	444.69

5 Less W 40') Christensen, Carrie Lee

Box l4ll, L.V.	120	1200	318	111.17

6	Same as above	710	1500	l48	799.73

7	Jefferson,P.L. &	Vidalur

1308 "D" St., L.V.	710	368	710.00

8	Kellough, J. R.&	Ida

306 Harrison Ave., L.V.	590	2140	367	$89.53

9	Curry,Geneva

509 Harrison Ave., L.V.	590	3370	367	$89.53

10	Washington, Mary Frances

5l5 Madison Ave. ,L.V.	590	450	367	$89.53

11	Sparks, Coy & Mildred	J.

319 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590	367	$89.53

12	Same as above	710	368	710.00

BLOCK 10 H.F.M.& M. ADDITION	l-4-56
!

LOT #	PROPERTY OT<VNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	FINAL COST

1	Calbert, James &

Cannon, Jodie &

Capterton, Uvalde

Box 371, L.V.	710	3430	148	799.73

2	Same as above	590	3420	l49	555.86

3	Same as above	590	3420	l49	555.85

4	Pullum, Ike & Nancy

609	Jackson Ave., L.V.	590	1850	l49	555.86

5	Same as above	590	5460	l49	555.86

6	Caperton, Uvalde(½ Int.)

Cannon, Jodie (½ Int.)

303	Van Buren, L.V.	710	12,100	157	712.64

7	Sanders, Harry F. & Mabel B.

Box 1564, L.V.	710	1515	148	799.73

8	Same as above	590	1310	149	555.86

9	Hall, William & Lettie

317	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590	2250	l49	555.86

10	Sparks,Coy & Mildred

319 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590	l49	555.86

11	Rosemond, James
c/o Tanzy Haney

428 Van Vuren Ave., L.V.	590	320	l49	555.86

12	Masters, Annita S.
c/o James Rosemond

Box 322, Paicema, Calif	710	l48	710.00

BLOCK 11 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Jones, Harvey & Rebbie

1313 "D" St., L.V.	710	6290	147	806.47

2	Junier, Roy & Eliza. J.

5l6	Monroe Ave.,	590	610	146	562.39

3	House, Eligah & Jiggle

512	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	3960	l46	562.39

4	Bautista, Eulalie & Marcell

504 Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	950	146	562.39

5	Jones, Harvey & Rebbie

1302 N. "F" St., L.V.	590	1430	l46	562.39

6	Powell, John & Lucy

c/o Lou Wilson	710	930	147	806.47

7	(N½) Barren, Anthony C.

301 S. 2nd St., L.V.	290	1730	316	443.42

7	(S ½)    Patten, Jeffrie

505 Jackson Ave., L.V.	300	1800	317	336.32

8	Same as above	590	5130	l49	555.86

9	Hughes, Lucille & Nathaniel

Box 654, L.V.	590	2750	149	555.86

10	Hughes, Lucille

Box 654, L.V.	590	4880	149	555.86

11	Same as above	590	2590	l49	555.86

12	Richards, Laura

733 N. 10th St., L.V.	710	10,380	381	616.83

BLOCK 12 H.F. M. & M. ADDITION

1	Huff, Neby

1204 "F" St., L.V.	710	2320	116	799.73

2	Robinson, Bessie

5l4 Madison Ave., L.V.	590	4950		115	555.86

3	Chiles, Carl & Hattie

512	Madison Ave., L.V.	590	2240	115	555.86

4	Isaac, Bille Milton & Mary

308	MadisonAve., L.V.	590	3050	115	555.86

5	Johnson, Noah & Fletcher

Percy & Simon, Dan & Wilson,

Woodrow, Trustees

602 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	780	115	555.86

6	Church: 2nd Baptist Church
of Las Vegas, Nevada
trustees: Dan Simon, Perry
Fertson, Estey Freeman &

Rat Collins

1209 N. "E" St., L.V.	710	2520	116	799.73

7	Brooks, Natalie

309	Twenty-third, North

Seattle 2, Washington	710	1995	103	806.47

8	Same as above	590	1995	102	562.59

9	Conaway, Elbert & Callie

5ll Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	435	102	562.59

10	Wallace, Calvin & Lizzie

513	Monroe Ave.,L.V.	590	2630	102	562.59

11	Harris, Oliver L. & Nevella

513	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	1530	102	562.59

12	Fox, Albert & Oma

1222 N. "F" St.,L.V.	710	3750	103	806.47

BLOCK 13 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Green, Oscar & Olivia

520	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	710	1670	116	799.73

2	Harris, Elmer & Fannie

3l6 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	860	113	555.86

3	Jackson, Sidney A. & Gladys

508 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	1515	113	555.86

4	Same as above	590	l5l5	113	555.86

5 (N 70') Barnes, Cornelius

1111 "E" St., L.V.	295	195	315	234.38

6	(N70') Same as above	355	195	317	356.32

1-4-56
LOT # PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	FINAL COST

5	(S 70')

Barnes, Boyd & Cornelius

1111 "E" St., L.V.	295	220	314	321.48

6 (S 70') Same as above	355	220	316	443.42

7	McConnell, Viola

1113 N. "E" St., L.V.	710	670	116	795.73

8	Clark, Obie & Nellie

5o5 Madison, L.V.	590	3460	115	555.86

9	(E 10') Same as above	120	710	318	111.17

9	(W 4O') Washington, Nellie

12b Adams Ave., L.V.	470	1820	319	444.69

10	Davis, Cora R. & Temmy Lee

515	Madison Ave.,L.V.	590	1300	115	555.86

11	McClure, Paul L.	&	Annie	Lee

523 Madison Ave., L.V.	590	1980	115	555.86

12	Same	as	above	710	1980	116	799.73

BLOCK l4 H.F. M. & M. ADDITION

1	Richard, West & Hazel

Box b63, L.V.	710	1230	116	799.73

2	(N 90') Same as above	380	660	321	301.37

2	(S 50') Jones, Willie & Beulah H.

516	Adams Ave., L.V.	210	360	320	254.48

3	Samuels, Claire

512	Adams Ave., L. V.	590	1210	115	555.86

4	Same	as	above	590	1210	115	555.86

5	Hicks, Willie

502 Adams Ave., L.V.	590	360	115	555.86

6	Millage, Clyde & Estell

1006 "E" St., L.V.	710	1910	116	799.73

7	Caperton, Uvalde	&	Julia	Mae

1013 N. "E" St., L.V.	710	5210	376	468.76

8	Same	as	above	590	5210	376	468.76

9	Clayton, Jesse (Dec'd)
c/o W.J. Reed

511 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	895	115	555.86

10	Same	as	above	590	895	115	555.86

11	Weeds, Mary D.
c/o J.P. Stigers

517 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	345	115	555.86

12	Washington, Isadore & Vesta

1022 "F" St.,L. V.	710	1510	116	799.73

BLOCK 15 H.F.M.& M. ADDITION

1	Crisp, Ora Lee

522 Washington Ave., L.V.	710	ll4O	240	968.11

2	Same	as	above	590	1130	239	724.23

3	Same	as	above	590	1130	239	724.23

4 (S 90')   Elmore,Florence ½ Int

McCants, Ralph & Dorothy ^ Int

70b Jefferson , Apt.7, L.V.	380	1290	324	496.72

b (N 50') Gray, Emma C.

608	Jackson Ave.,L.V.	210	500	322	227.52

5	(N 50') Same	as	above	210	500	322	227.52

5	(S 90') Allen, John S.& Elizabeth

bl6 Monroe Ave.,L.V.	380	324	380.00

6	(N 50') Gray, Emma C.

608 Jackson Ave., L.V.	255	510	323	314.61

6	(S 90') Allen, John S.& Elizabeth

4l6 Monroe Ave., L.V.	455	325	455.00

7	Westlake, Otto

410 S. 4th St., L.V.	710	116	710.00

8	Same	as	above	590		115	555.86

9	Brunner, Carrie Lee & Beza
Rt #2-Box 985

Tempe, Arizona	590	590	115	555.86

10	Pullins, Leon &	Idell

513	Adams Ave., L.V.	590	1270	115	555.86

11	Smith, Richard S. & Mattie

313 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590	1580	115	555.86

12	Same	as	above	710	1580	116	799.73

BLOCK 16 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Dawson, Samuel & Ella Mae

620	Washington Ave.,L.V.	710	930	240	968.11

2	Jones,	Nebraska	& Dorothy

6l8	Washington Ave.,	L.V.	590	5600	239	724.23

3	Smith,	Jimmie &	Julia A.

612 Washington Ave.,	L.V.	590	1860	239	724.23

4	Black,	George &	L.B. Reed

Black,Black, Georgee Lee

610 Washington Ave.,	L.V.	590	1950	239	724.23

5	Zarate, Eulalie

604 Washington Ave., L.V.	590	1210	239	724.23

6	Edwards, Dave &	Katie

900 "F" St., L.V.	710	2800	240	968.11

7	Jones, Harvey &	Rebbie

1302 N. "F" St., L.V.	710	4220	116	799.73

8	Ealy, Booker T.	& Ietla

605 Adams Ave.,L.V.	590	1890	115	555.86

9	Lee, Thomas & Josie

609 Adams St., L.V.	590	2650	115	555.86

10	Cole, S.V.

615 Adams Ave., L.V.	590	3270	115	555.86

l-4-56
LOT# PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY 		IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	FINAL	COST

11	Jones, Willie & Beulah

617	Adams Ave., L.V.	590	2320	115	555.86

12	(N 100') Hunt, Oscar & Lillie

619	Adams Aye., L.V.	510	1520	326	596.13

12	(s 50') Smithy William

 619 Adams Ave., L.V.	200	327	200.00

BLOCK 17 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Carroll, West (½ Int)

Carroll, Julia (½ Int)

620	Adams Ave., L.V.	710	730	116	799.73

2	Williams, Tom & Cleophis

618	Adams Ave., L.V.	590	2960	115	555.86

3	Roby, John Lee & Ora D.

124 Harrison Ave., L.V.	590	115	555.86

5	Simpson, Ralph

610	Adams Ave.,L.V.	590	3000	115	555.86

5	(W 8')	Same	as	above	90	460	328	88.93

5	(N ½ of E42')

Williams, Willie Mae
1223 W. 37th Place

Los Angeles 7, Calif.	250	490	330	196.87

6	(N ½)	Same	as	above	355	690	332	356.32

5	(S ½ of E42')

Harrison, Genevieve

1001 "F" St.,L.V.	250	1810	329	270.03

6	(S½)	Same	as	above	355	2580	382	321.58

7	Osborn,	James & Naomi

1004 "F" St., L.V.	710	1160	116	799.73

8	Randall, Norman & Amy

1329 N. "E" St., L.V.	590	1510	376	568.76

9	Washington, Myrtle

412 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	1310	115	555.86

10	Williams, Tom & Cleophis

618	Adams Ave., L.V.	590	100	115	555.86

11	Atkinson, Harding^& Adares
c/o Harmon Chi3es,Jr.

617 Jefferson Ave.,L.V.	590	1840	376	568.76

12	Nicholson, Orpha Walker

1016 "G" St., L.V.	710	3320	116	799.73

BLOCK 18 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Allen, Marshall A. & Callie M.

4l6 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	710	270	116	799.73

2	Simmons, J.L.& Willie

619	Jefferson Av^e,L.V.	590	1470	376	568.76

3	Simpson, Albert

610 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	100	376	568.76

4	Same	as	above	590	1200	376	568.76

5	Johnson, Tillman Titus & Dorothy

604 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	900	115	555.86

6	Johnson, Noah & Goldie

602 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	710	1830	377	712.65

7	Church: Church of God in
Christ

c/o Rev.Cox

1115 "F" St., L.V.	710	900	116	799.73

8	Same	as	above -	590	1800	115	555.86

9	Smith, Leanna Hill

609	Madison Ave., L.V.	590	1140	115	555.86

10	Ward, George & Fannie

613	Madison Ave., L.V.	590	115	115	555.86

11	Thomas, William & Letha A.

711	Madison Ave.,L.V.	590	2340	115	555.86

12	Same	as	above	710	90	116	799.73

BLOCK 19 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Logan, Mrs. Ira

620	Madison Ave., L.V.	710	410	116	799.73

2	Same	as	above	590	410	115	555.86

3	Crudup, Sampson

6l6 Madison Ave., L.V.	590	1520	115	555.86

5	Hooker, Julius & Augusta

612	Madison Ave., L. V.	590	2880	115	555.86

5	Ensley, Jake & Dennis

602	Madison Aye., L.V.	590	115	555.86

6	Same	as	above	710	3320	116	799.73

7	Alvarado, John & Emma

1223 "F" St.,L.V.	710	360	103	806.57

8	Thompson, Willie & Mary

605 Monroe	Ave.,	L.V.	590	1200	102	562.59

9	Banks, William

603	Adams Ave., L.V.	590	1540	102	562.59

10	Gibson, Roscoe & Victoria

613	Monroe	Aye.,	L.V.	590	3380.	102	562.59

11	Arrington, Charie Mae

6l5 Monroe	Ave.,	L.V.	590	180	102	562.59

12	Gibson, Roscoe & Victoria

621	Monroe Aye., L.V.	710	3380	103	806.57

BLOCK 20 H.F.M & M ADDITION

1-4-56
LOT# PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	FINAL COST

1	Carter, Elizabeth & Willie	

Box 627, L.V.	710	1870	147	806.47

2	Williams, Noah & Ernestine

6l6 W. Monroe Ave. L.V.	590	880	146	$62.$9

3	Jackson,Harold & Tessie

612 Monroe	Ave.,	L.V.	590	1280	l46	562.59

4(N 50') Page, Cora & Myrtle	

610	Monroe	Ave.,	L.V.	210	300	351	169.81

4 (S 90') Page, Myrtle	

610 Monroe	Ave.,	L.V.	380	1820	352	392.79

5	Torres, Refujie(Ruth)

600 Monroe	L.V.	590	2875	146	562.59

6	Same	as	above	710	2875	147	806.47

7	Watson, Alice Mae

618	Washington Ave.,L.V.	590	1830	148	799.73

8	Pullum, Ike & Nancy

609 Jackson Ave.,L.V.	590	820	149	555.86

9	Same	as	above	590	820	149	555.36

10	Perez, Josephine

Box 427, L.V. ^	590	300	149	555.86

11	Rose Holding Corp.
c/o L.Davidson

Bos 789, L.V.	590	555.86

12	Williams, Nota

1015 "E" St.,L.V.	710	1160	148	799.73

BLOCK 21 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Haney, Tanzjyy

428 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	710	1890	148

2	Same	as	above	590	1290	l49	555.86

3	Coleman, Archie

608	Jackson, L.V.	590	1470	149

4	Same	as	above	590	1470	149	555.86

5	Kennedy,Andrew & Ruby

606 Jackson Ave.,L.V.	590	2285	149	555.86

6	Elmore, Florence

704 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	710	5250	148	799.73

7	Shopping Center, Inc.	

401 Fremont St.,L.V.	710	3500	148	799.73

8	Same as above	590	3500	148

9	Same	as	above	590	3500	l49	555.86

10	Anderson, May Etta

615	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590	700	l49	555.86

11	Shaw, Alma H.
c/o Alma Humes

619	Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	590	4860	l49	555.86

12	Same	as	above	710	4860	l48	799.73

BLOCK 22 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Washington,Howard & Margaret

622 VanBuren Ave., L.V.	710	1335	151	806.02

2	Same as above	590	1335	150	562.15

3	Same as above	590	150	562.15

4	Same as alcove	590	149	555.86

5	Christensen, Ray L. &	Viola

602 Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	590	1230	149	799.73

6	Same as above	710	1230	148	799.73

7	Moore, Delbert	710	368	710.00

8	Same as above	590	367	589.53

9	Williams, Hermitt & i'eola

609	Harrison Ave., L.V.	590	3850	367	589.53

10	Edwards, Timothy	&	Willie Mae	590	1800	365	595.82

11	Washington Mr. & Mrs.	Howard

622	Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	590	365	590.00

12	Same as above	710	366	710.00

BLOCK 23 H.F. M. & M. ADDITION

1	Sparkman, Mary Lou

622 HarrisonAve.,	L.V.	830	1030	194	813.05

2	Henry, Cal & Marjorie

616 Harrison Ave., L.V.	690	220	195

3	Same as above	690	1890	196	566.83

L	Henry, Caldwell & Inez

614 Harrison	Ave.,	L.V.	680	1580	197	555.87

$	Henry, Albert & Laura

608 Harrison	Ave.,	L.V.	670	825	198	551.35

6	Same as above	800	825	199	767.99

BLOCK 24 H.F.M.& M. ADDITION

3	Robinson, Emma Watson

704 Harrison	Ave.,	L.V.	900	450	190	1,028.16

4	Same as above	590	450	191	598.88

5	Bell, Alfred & Minnie

708	Harrison	Ave.,	L.V.	590	850	192	593.79

6	Riller, Roy James & Jessie Lee

712	Harrison	Ave.,	L.V.	840	1120	193	828.09

BLOCK 25 H.F.M.& M. ADDITION

l-4-56
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA	FINAL COST

3	Marion, Julius & Gladys

710	Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	1020	3500	172	1,119.13

4	Smith, James &	Juanita

704 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590	3000	150	562.15

5	Smith, James &	Juanita

704 Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	590	4590	150	562.15

6	Conway, Willie	& Effie

700	Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	710	3270	151	806.02

7	Bullock, Dewey	& Etta

1521 "G" St., L.V.	710	1170	366	839.70

8	Same as above	590	1170	365	595.82

9	(E	 4')	Same as above	50	90	354	47.66

9	(W 46')	Harris, Mary

711	Harrison, L.V.	540	850	353	548.16

10	(E	4')	Same as above	70	110	355	61.75

10	(W 50') 	Collins, Grant & Ida

715	Harrison Ave.,L.V.	850	1180	356	1,043.11

BLOCK 26 H.F. M. & M. ADDITION

3	Longs, John L.&Lucille

712	Jackson Ave.,L.V.	1160	2750	l8l	1,229.82

4	Same as above	590	149	555.86

5	Harris, Azlee

706 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590	149	555.86

6	Same as above	710	2100	148	799.73

7	(N 100')	Fair,Rhodia

701	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	510	1220	166	596.13

7	(S 40')	Jones, William & Beatrice

1413 "G" St.,L.V.	200	165	200.00

8	Jones, William J.

1413 "G" st., L.V.	590	1630	149	555.86

9	Cannon, Jodie & Emma A.

307 Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	590	655	149	555.86

10	Same as above	1050	l80	1,050.00

BLOCK g7 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

2	Turman, Earl & Marie Irene

708	Madison Ave.,L.V.	440	4500	178	610.93

3	Same as above	590	1440	173	744.91

4	Same as above	590	2550	146	562.59

5	Burdens, Edgar Leo & Mary

704 Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	1360	146	562.59

6	Burdens, Mary

704	Monroe Ave., L.V.	710	900	147	806.47

7	(pt)	Taylor, Ben & Lucille

115 Madison Ave.,L.V.	510	330	358	578.71

7	(E	40')	Williams, Chas. & Celeste

1311 "G" St.,L.V.	200	600	357	221.03

8	Bowles, Alvin & Thelma

709	Jackson Ave., L.V.	590	950	149	555.86

9	Johnson, Eddie & Manda

711	Jackson Ave.,L.V.	590	3380	149	555.86

10	Hill, Charlie & Alberta

715	Jackson Ave., L.V.	1180	1500	179	1,293.00

BLOCK 28 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

2	Taylor, Henry & Marie

716	Madison Ave., L.V.	560	2340	113	734.02

3	Maraj, Ramsarut & Lula Belle

712	Madison Ave.,L.V.	590	4740	114	738.17

4	Turman, Earl & Marie Irene

708	Madison Ave., L.V.	590	1950	115	555.86

5	McCoy, Magnolia

	1201 N.	"G" St.,L.V.	590	1135	115	555.86

6	Same as	above	710	1135	116	799.73

7	Bailey, Margaret

1223 "G" St., L.V.	710	1950	103	806.47

8	McGhee, Maxine

705	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	1220	102	562.59

9	Hughes, Willie & Ester

709	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	1510	102	562.59

10	Fitzgerald, H.P. & Virgie L.

713	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590	2085	101	744.91

11	Same as	above	470	2085	100	655.06

BLOCK 29 H.F. M. & M.	ADDITION

2	Harris, Flenerte & Earlie Mae

718 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	710	550	246	858.04

3	Grove, James & Nancy

1023 "D" St., L.V.	59O	1290	114	738.17

4	Smith, Mary V.

712	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	2440	115	555.86

5	Harris, Andrew J. & Elmore,

Florence

McCanta, Dorothy Mae

704 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	2755	115	555.86

6	Same as	above	710	2755	116	799.73

7	Hamilton, Hemlet & Naomi

701 Madison Ave., L.V.	710	830	ll6	799.73

8	Same as above	590	115	555.85

1-4-56
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA	FINAL COST

$	Thomas, William

711 Madison Ave.,L.V.	590	1070	11$	555.86

10	(N ½)	Cannon, Jodie & Emma A. (½ Int)

Calbert, James & Cecile (½ Int)

711 "C" st.,L.V.	295	1350	333	412.63

10	(S	½)	Washington, W.M.

713	Madison Ave.,L.V.	295	1290	334	325.54

11	Moore, Vance M. Jr. & Grace

16 Stewart Ave., L.V.	600	247	600.00

BLOCK 30 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

2	Miller, Virginia
c/o James Gardner

719 Jefferson Ave.,L.V.	700	1290	244	973.20

3	Miller, Reinhold

c/o Rev. Levi E. Tugwell

719 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	960	114	738.17

4	Amis, James H. & Blanchie

708	Adams Ave.,L.V.	590	1210	115	555.86

5	Hall, James & Helen

1013 "G" St.,L.V.	590	2020	115	555.86

6	Same	as	above	710	2220	116	799.73

7	Archie, Martin & Martha

701 Jefferson Ave, L.V.	710	5700	116	799.73

8	Walker, Clarence A.

705 Jefferson Ave, L.V.	590	1910	115	555.86

9	(N	60')	Williams, Viola

709	Jefferson	Ave.,	L.V.	250	810	335	288.01

9	(S	80')	Miller, Reinhold & Virginia

c/o Viola Williams

709 Jefferson	Ave.,	L.V.	340	2145	336	267.84

10	(W	2')	Same	as	above	20	125	337	29.52

10	(E	48')	Byrd, William & Maude

713	Jefferson	Ave.,	L.V.	570	580	338	708.65

11	Miller, Reinhold

c/o Rev. Levi E. Tugwell

719 Jefferson	Ave., L.V.	6l0	2220	245	878.75

BLOCK 31 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

2	Yarbrough, Temmie

402 Jackson Ave.,L.V.	810	242	$10.00

3	Same as above	590	24l	590.00

4	Lopez, Josephine

708 Washington Ave.,L.V.	590	930	239	724.23

5	Church: Zion Methodist	Church

of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc.

209 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590	4500	239	724.23

6	Same	as	above	710	4500	240	968.11

7	Moore, Robert T.

Box 1901, L.V.	710	116	710.00

8	Funches, Jesse & Essie	B.

705 Adams Ave., L.V.	590	1360	115	555.86

9	Amis, James H. & Blanch M.

708 Adams Ave., L.V.	590	1875	115	555.86

10	(Pt)	Same	as	above	30	95	345	6.51

10	(Less portion 2.33 x 29.67)

Lockett, Curley & Edna

713	Adams Ave., L.V.	560	1930	344	731.67

11	(N½)	Dixon, Vernon & Fannie Mae

715 Adams Ave., L.V.	365	940	340	541.97

11	(S ½)	Crisp, Russel & Ella Mae

914 "H" st., L.V.	365	1300	339	453.34

BLOCK 32 H.F.M. & M. ADDITION

1	Vasquez, Pilar & Rhea

224 Bonanza Rd., L.V.	865.00	85O.OO	38	318.80

2	Roberts, Marian Ann

222 Bonanza Rd., L.V.	720.00	985.00	39	101.05

3	Same	as	above	720.00	98$.00	39	101.05

4	-----------City-of-Las -Vegas----------------------564.00--------------------------26---------------------

5-------------Same as above----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6-------------Same	as-	above-------------------------564.00--------------------------28---------------------

7	-----------Seme	as	above--------------------------564.00--------------------------29---------------------

8	-----------Same	as	above--------------------------564.00--------------------------30---------------------

9	Montesanto, Tony & Grace

4325 Evergreen Place, L.V.	300.00	297.50	31	220.67

10	Steepleton, Lenore M.
c/o Walter Bozarth

211 W. Wilson Ave., L.V.	310.00	32	243.35

11	Bozarth, Walter

211 Wilson Ave., L.V.	320.00	33	266.02

12	Same as above	330.00	34	265.82

13	Same	as	above	330.00	1,080.00	34	265.82

14	Same as above	420.00	35	420.00

15	Montesanto, Tony&Grace

4325 Evergreen Place., L.V.	440.00	297.50	37	286.03

16	Same	as	above	360.00	297.50	37	286.03

17	Same	as	above	360.00	297.50	37	286.03

18	Young, Ada C.

226 Anderson Lane, L.V.	216.00	650.00	37	286.03

19	Same	as	above	216.00	650.00	37	286.03

20	Same	as	above	263.00	700.00	36	547.33

BLOCK 2 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE
LOT#	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	FINAL COST

1	Snyder, Lincoln	L.

300	W. Bonanza Rd., L.V.	865.00	924.00	40	331.54

2	Same as above	720.00	924.00	4l	105.09

3	Same as above	720.00	924.00	4l	105.09

4	Same as above	720.00	924.00	4l	105.09

5	Same as above	720.00	924.00	4l	1O5.O9

6	Same as above	720.00	924.00	4l	105.09

7	Same as above	720.00	924.00	42	145.96

8	Same as above	720.00	924.00	42	145.96

9	Same as above	720.00	924.00	42	145.96

10	Same as above	720.00	924.00	42	145.96

11	Gilbert, Chester	V.T.

Box 752, L.V.	720.00	42	145.96

12	Same as above	865.00	43	372.41

13	Snider, Ora Lee

2046 Ballard Dr.,L.V.	350.00	46	325.09

14	Same	as	above	350.00	46	325.09

15	Same	as	above	350.00	46	325.09

16	Same	as	above	350.00	46	325.09

17	Same	as	above	350.00	46	325.09

18	Same	as	above	425.00	47	425.00

19	(W 50') Same	as	above	150.00	249	150.00

19	(E 90') Webster, Aurelia	G.

612 N. "c" st.,	L.V.	275.00	640.00	250	351.03

20	(N 1' of E 85') Same as above	10.00	252	6.59

20	(Less N 1' of E 85')

Tibbetts, Steve & Mary

619	N. "C" St.,	L.V.	340.00	340.00	251	271.36

21	Same as above	350.00	350.00	44	277.95

22	Same	as	above	350.00	350.00	44	277.95

23	Rockefeller, Chris C.

615 N. "C" St.,	L.V.	350.00	420.00	44	277.95

24	Same	as	above	350.00	420.00	44	277.95

BLOCK 3 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Mack, Jerome D.

1700 S. 6th St.,L.V.	865.00	6,575.00	43	372.41

2	Same	as	above	720.00	6,575.00	42	145.96

3	Mack, Nate

1700 S. 6th St.,	L.V.	720.00	2,380.00	42	145.96

4	Same	as	above	720.00	2,380.00	42	145.96

5	Same	as	above	720.00	2,380.00	42	145.96

6	Adras, George J. & Lupe

617	S. 8th St., L.V.	720.00	2,050.00	42	145.96

7	Gripentog, R.R. & Betty	Jean

508 W. Bonanza Rd., L.V.	720.00	1,235.00	4l	105.09

8	Same as	above	720.00	1,235.00	4l	105.09

9	Millhizer, C.R.

4l6 W. Bonanza Rd., L.V.	720.00	2,615.00	4l	105.09

10	Same as	above	720.00	2,615.00	4l	105.09

11	Torres,	Cruz

420 V. Bonanza Rd., L.V.	720.00	1,445.00	4l	105.09

12	Same	as	above	865.00	1,445.00	40	331.54

13	Morales, Charles L. & Dolores

Box 326, L.V.	350.00	775.00	44	277.95

14	Same as	above	350.00	775.00	44	277.95

15	Wilcox,	Ruty

6i4	N. "E" st.,	L.V.	350.00	425.00	44	277.95

16	Same	as	above	350.00	425.00	44	277.95

17	Branch, Marshall & Lula

618	N. "E" St.,	L.V.	350.00	895.OO	44	277.95

18	Same	as	above	425.00	895.00	45	521.83

19	Gaddes, Mary C.

Box 577, L.V.	425.00	835.00	47	568.97

20	Same	as	above	350.00	835.00	46	325.09

21	Gilbert Harry V.T. & Bernice

400 W. Bonanza Rd.,L.V.	350.00	1,215.00	46	325.09

22	Same as above	350.00	1,215.00	46	325.09

23	Same as above	350.00	1,220.00	46	325.09

24	Same as above	350.00	46	325.09

BLOCK 4 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Steedy, Mary Jane

Box 1150, L.V.	865.00	3,704.00	40	331.54

2	Same as above	720.00	3,704.00	4l	105.09

3	Same as above	720.00	3,704.00	4l	105.09

4	Same as above	720.00	3,704.00	4l	105.09

5	Same as above	720.00	3,704.00	4l	1O5.O9

6	Same as above 					720.00 		    3,704.00	4l	105.09

7	Same as above	720.00	3,704.00	4l	1O5.O9

8	Same as above	720.00	3,704.00	4l	105.09

9	Same as above	720.00	3,704.00	4l	105.09

10	Same as above	720.00	3,704.00	4l	105.09

11	Mendoza, Fermin & Victoria

710	Morgan St., L.V.	720.00	1,080.00	4l	1O5.09

12	Same as above	865.00	1,080.00	40	331.54

13	Griffith, Robert E.	350.00	167.50	44	277.95

614	N. "F" St.,L.V.

14	Same as above	350.00	167.50	44	277.95

15	Same as above	350.00	167.50	44	277*95

16	Same as above	350.00	167.50	44	277.95

17	Spurlock, Lee and Fannie

620	Jefferson St., L.V.	350.00	44	277.95

18	Same as above	425.00	45	425.00

19	Hightswer, Charlie R. & Madeline E.

615	N. "E" St., L.V.	425.00	445.00	45	521.83
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA	FINAL COST

20	Same	as	above	350.00	425.00	44	277.95

21	Same	as	above	350.00	425.00	44	277.95

22	Same	as	above	350.00	425.00	44	277.95

23	Same	as	above	350.00	425.00	44	277.95

24	Same	as	above	350.00	425.00	44	277.95

BLOCK 5 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Goldstein, Harry	¼ Int.

King, Mildred	¼ Int.

Gilson, Mac L.       ¼ Int.

Shoren, Norman	¼ Int.

412 Bonanza Rd., L.V.	865.00	510.00	40	331.54

2	Same	as	above	720.00	510.00	4l	105.09

3	Same	as	above	720.00	510.00	4l	105.09

4	Same	as	above	720.00	510.00	4l	105.09

5	Same	as	above	720.00	510.00	4l	105.09

6	Same	as	above	720.00	510.00	4l	105.09

7	Arebalo, Eliberia	(Marie)

620 Clark Ave., L.V.	720.00	355.00	4l	105.09

8	Same	as	above	720.00	355.00	4l	105.09

9	Ardsley, Inc.

c/o Pioneer Title

125	S. 4th St.,L.V.	720.00	295.00	4l	105.09

10	Same	as	above	720.00	295.00	4l	105.09

11	Same as above	720.00	4l	105.09

12	Same as above	865.00	40	331.54

13	Tate, Roland S.& LeVoice

707 S. Tonopah Dr.,L.V.	350.00	605.00	44	277.95

14	Same	as	above	350.00	605.00	44	277.95

15	Same	as	above	350.00	605.00	44	277.95

16	Same	as	above	350.00	605.00	44	277.95

17	Same	as	above	350.00	605.00	44	277.95

18	Same	as	above	425.00	615.00	45	521.83

19	Casados, Juvencia	S. & Charles M.

609 Wilson Ave., L.V.	425.00	700.00	45	521.83

20	Same	as	above	350.00	700.00	44	277.95

21	Lovell, Jay L.

617 N. "F" St., L.V.	350.00	1,375.00	44	277.95

22	Same	as	above	350.00	1,375.00	44	277.95

23	Murray, Laura

611	N. "F" St., L.V.	350.00	1,090.00	44	277.95

24	Same	as	above	350.00	1,090.00	44	277.95

BLOCK 6 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Fox, Victor William

706	W.Bonanza Rd., L.V.	865.00	925.00	40	331.54

2	Same	as	above	720.00	525.00	4l	105.09

3	Same	as	above	720.00	525.00	4l	105.09

4	Same	as	above	720.00	525.00	4l	105.09

5	Fenda, R.D.

710	W. Bonanza Rd.,L.V.	720.00	1,074.00	4l	105.09

6	Same	as	above	720.00	1,074.00	4l	105.09

7	(E15')	Same	as	above	430.00	642.00	253	49.04

7	(W 10')	Thiele, Walter & Jeanette

716 W.Bonanza Rd., L.V.	205.00	180.00	254	32.69

8	Same	as	above	720.00	640.00	48	81.74

$	Clement, LyDell V.

Box 1257, L.V.	720.00	767.50	48	81.74

10	Same	as	above	720.00	767.50	48	81.74

11	Same	as	above	720.00	767.50	48	81.74

12	Same	as	above	865.00	767.50	4$	308.20

13	Brewster, William C.

2508 Via La Salva

Palos Verde Estates,Calif.	350.00	265.00	50	251.01

14	Same	as	above	350.00	265.00	50	251.01

15	Hammond, Mattie & Howell
Hammond, Hazel

2647 Aldin St.,

Salt Lake City, Utah (6)	350.00	710.00	50	251.01

16	Same	as	above	350.00	710.00	50	251.01

17	(W½)	Same	as	above	175.00	355.00	255	147.28

18	(W ½)	Same	as	above	175.00	355.00	257	265.22

17	(E½)	Same	as	above	175.00	180.00	256	103.73

18	(E ½)	Same	as	above	175.00	180.00	258	225.67

1$	Winder, Charles & Agnes C.

612	McWilliams Ave., L.V.	425.00	485.00	45	521.83

20	Same	as	above	350.00	485.00	44	277.95

21	Schumke, Robert F.W. & Josephine

512 W. Adams Ave., L.V.	350.00	560.00	44	277.95

22	Same	as	above	350.00	1,040.00	44	277.95

23	Rivers, Carmen & Rivers, Raymond

613	N. "G" St., L.V.	350.00	2,475.00	44	277.95

24	Same	as	above	350.00	2,475.00	44	277.95

BLOCK 7 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Jenkins, Tom

700	Wilson Ave., L.V.	425.00	180.00	45	521.83

2	Same	as	above	350.00	180.00	44	277.95

3	Butler, Cary Jr. & Marrie

704 Wilson Ave., L.V.	350.00	2,425.00	44	277.95

4	Same	as	above	350.00	2,425.00	44	277.95
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA	FINAL COST

5	Rau, Frank G., Estate of (½ Int)

Rau, Carl F.	(½ Int)

822 W. 18th St., Apt. A

Los Angeles, 15 Calif.	350.00	780.00	44	277.95

6	Same	as	above	350.00	800.00	44	277.95

7	Same	as	above	350.00	65O.00	53	303.10

8	Leften, Eddie & Liazie	B.

720	"D" st,, L.V.	350.00	400.00	303.10

$	Same	as	above	350.00	390.00	53	303.10

10	Same	as	above	350.00	390.00	53	303.10

11	Same	as	above	350.00	660.00	53	303.10

12	Same	as	above	425.00	660.00	52	546.88

13	Porter, John William & Sweetie Alice

633 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	425.00	960.00	52	546.98

14	Same	as	above	350.00	960.00	53	303.10

15	Caskey, C.E.

121	McWilliams Ave., L.V.	350.00	50.00	53	303.10

12	Same as above	350.00	53	303-10

17	Same as above	350-00	53	303-10

18	Same	as above	350.00	53	303-10

19	Mason, Milton ½ Int

Diamond, Mooris ½ Int
c/o Dollar Market

433 N.Main St., L.V.	350.00	44	277.95

20	Same	as	above	350.00	44	277.95

21	Same	as	above	350.00	44	277.95

22	Same	as	above	350.00	44	277.95

23	Ashley, Richard & Mary

701	McWilliams Ave., L.V.	350.00	1,230.00	44	277.95

24	Same	as	above	425-00	1,230.00	45	521.83

BLOCK 8 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Risch, Mrs. Zadie 0.

707	N. "F" St., L.V.	410.00	255.00	9	496.33

2	Same	as	above	340.00	250.00	8	269.87

3	Smith, Evelyn F.

Box 1412, L.V.	340.00	350.00	8	269.87

4	Same	as	above	340.00	350.00	8	269.87

5	Scott Invesment Co.

Box 1348, L.V.	340.00	640.00	8	269.87

6	(E 15')	Same	as	above	200.00	400.00	259	161.91

6	(W 10')	Same	as	above	140.00	260	107.95

7	Same	as	above	340.00	8	269.87

8	Cortez, Louis & Josephine

350 W. Washington Ave.,L.V.	340.00	680.00	8	269.87

9	Jarrett, W.H. & Lenora

6l8 Wilson Ave., L.V.	340.00	1,750.00	8	269.87

10	Same as above	340.00	1,750.00	8	269.87

11	Same	as	above	340.00	1,750.00	8	269.87

12	Shephard, Paul & Julia

624 Wilson Ave., L.V.	410.00	1,440.00	9	496.33

13	(W 60') Porter, John W & Sweetie Alice

633 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	150.00	245.00	262	144.00

14	(W	60')	Same	as	above	150.00	245.00	262	144.00

15	(w	60')	Same	as	above	150.00	245.00	262	144.00

16	(w	60')	Same	as	above	150.00	245.00	262	144.00

17	(w	60')	Same	as	above	150.00	245.00	262	144.00

18	(w	60')	Same	as	above	180.00	255.00	261	248.52

13	(E 40') Smith, Sylvester & Gladys

808 N. "G" St., L.V.	100.00	115.00	264	66.97

14	(E 40') Same	as	above	100.00	125.00	264	66.97

15	(E	40')	Same	as	above	100.00	125.00	264	66.97

16	(E	40')	Same	as	above	100.00	125.00	264	66.97

17	(E	40')	Same	as	above	100.00	100.00	264	66.97

18	(E	40')	Same	as	above	120.00	125.00	263	136.65

BLOCK 9 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

13	(W40' of E80')

Harvey, Moses & Nancy

631 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	100.00	165.00	264	66.97

14	(W 40' of E 80')

Same as above	100.00	165.00	264	66.97

15	(W40' of E80')

Same as above	100.00	165.00	264	66.97

16	(W40' of E80')

S	ame as above	100.00	165.00	264	66.97

17	(W40' of E80')

Same as above	100.00	165.00	264	66.97

18	(w40' of E80')

Same as above	120.00	165.00	263	136.65

19	Sheppard, John & Luella

717	N. "F" St., L.V.	425.00	1,050.00	45	521.83

20	Same	as	above	350.00	1,050.00	44	277.95

21	Same	as	above	350.00	1,050.00	44	277.95

22	Same	as	above	350.00	1,050.00	44	277.95

23	Shea, James & Shea, Patrick J.

1110 Mar Vista

Pasadena 6, California	350.00	515.00	44	277.95

24	Same	as	above	350.00	515.00	44	277.95

BLOCK 9 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA	FINAL COST

1	Bruce, Fannie J.

707 "E" St., L.V.	410.00	1,205.00	9	496.33

2	Same	as	above	340.00	1,205.00	8	269.87

3	White, Richard D. &	Maude

510 Wilson Ave.,L.V.	340.00	695.00	8	269.87

4	Same	as	above	340.00	695.00	8	269.87

5	Cazier, St. John H.

Box 791, L.V.	340.00	860.00	8	269.87

6	Same	as	above	340.00	860.00	8	269.87

7	Johnson, Evelyn

514	W. Wilson Ave.,L.V.	340.00	1,635.00	8	269.87

8	Same as above	340.00	1,635.00	8	269.87

9	Patterson,Warren & Ida
Moore, Perry & Eula
Nevada Title Guaranty Co.

122	South 4th St., L.V.	340.00	922.50	8	269.87

10	Same	as	above	340.00	922.50	8	269.87

11	Same	as	above	340.00	922.50	8	269.87

12	Same	as	above	410.00	922.50	9	496.33

13	Bradley, Vernon D.

132 N. 18th st., L.V.	350.00	247.50	44	277.95

14	Same	as	above	350.00	247.50	44	277.95

15	Kidd, Jr., Rich & Nora B.

714	N. "F" St.,L.V.	350.00	570.00	44	277.95

16	Same as above	350.00	570.00	44	277.95

17	Casados, John & Melly
Box 862,

	Blue Diamond,	Nevada	350.00	4,285.00	44	277.95

18	Same	as	above	425.00	4,285.00	45	521.83

19	Baker, Sal & Bertha

721	N. "E"St., L.V.	425.00	1,085.00	45	521.83

20	Same	as	above	350.00	1,085.00	44	277.95

21	Norris, Fannie

715	N. "E" St., L.V.	350.00	1,295.00	44	277.95

22	Same	as	above	350.00	1,295.00	44	277.95

23	Laub, George Oliver & Helen Rose

711	N. "E" St., L.V.	350.00	2,410.00	44	277.95

24	Same	as	above	350.00	2,410.00	44	277.95

BLOCK 10 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Lancaster, J.C. & Fern

702	N. "D" St., L.V.	410.00	665.00	54	537.20

2	Same	as	above	340.00	665.00	55	310.74

3	Block, Joseph B. & Theresa Ida

406 Wilson Ave., L.V.	340.00	520.00	55	310.74

4	Same	as	above	340.00	520.00	55	310.74

5	(W ½)	Laub, George O.

711	"E" St.,L.V.	85.00	830.00	265	77.68

5	(E 3/4)	Lopez, Mabel Laub

4l0 Wilson Ave., L.V.	255.00	260.00	266	233.05

6	Walker, Brady & Roma

1312 N. "F" St., L.V.	340.00	55	310.74

7	Same as above	340.00	8	269.87

8	Ward, Milton Eugene
Box 323

Pittman, Nevada	340.00	800.00	8	269.87

9	Same	as above	340.00	58O.00	8	269.87

10	Same	as above	340.00	550.00	8	269.87

11	Sanchez, Herlindo & Perfiria
Box 126

Sloan,Nevada	340.00	865.00	8	269.87

12	Same	as above	410.00	865.00	9	496.33

13	Beary, George W. & Sarah

714	N. "E" St., L.V.	350.00	180.00	44	277.95

14	Same	as above	350.00	180.00	44	277.95

15	Same	as above	350.00	180.00	44	277.95

16	Same	as above	350.00	180.00	44	277.95

17	Allen, Marshall A. & Callie	M.

4l6 McWilliams Ave.,	L.V.	350.00	545.00	44	277.95

18	Same as above	425.00	545.00	45	521.83

19	Reschl, Lucy May

201 N. 3rd St., L.V.	425.00	430.00	47	568.97

20	Same	as above	350.00	430.00	46	325.09

21	Same	as above	350.00	430.00	46	325.09

22	Same	as above	350.00	350.00	46	325.09

23	Tugwell, Fred & Nelsie

711 N. "D" st.,L.V.	350.00	140.00	46	325.09

24	Same	as above	350.00	140.00	46	325.09

BLOCK 11 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Ross, Iva

308 Wilson Ave.,L.V.	410.00	580.00	9	496.33

2	Same	as above	340.00	580.00	8	269.87

3	Same	as above	340.00	580.00	8	269.87

4	Same	as above	340.00	580.00	8	269.87

5	Same	as above	340.00	1,445.00	8	269.87

6	Same	as above	340.00	1,445.00	8	269.87

7	Elliker, John H. & Ruth

316 Wilson Ave., L.V.	340.00	260.00	55	310.74
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA	FINAL COST

8	Same	as	above	340.00	260.00	55	310.74

9	Same	as	above	340.00	2$0.00	55	310.74

10	Same	as	above	340.00	260.00	$5	310.74

11	Moore, Countess Mary Young
420-421 Roosevelt Building

Los Angeles 17, California	340.00	55	310.74

12	Same as above	410.00	54	410.00

13	Holmes, Wash

c/o 210 Fremont St.,L.V.	350.00	1,085.00	46	325.09

14	Same	as	above	350.00	1,085.00	46	325.09

15	Freeman, John W. & Cora

714	"D" st., L.V.	350.00	l,160.00	46	325.09

16	Same	as	above	350.00	1,160.00	46	325.09

17	Leften, Eddie & Lizzie B.

720 "D" St., L.V.	350.00	2,080.00	325.09

18	Same	as	above	425.00	2,080.00	47	568.97

19	Alexander, Lurlener

301	McWilliams Ave.,L.V.	425.00	1,470.00	45	521.83

20	Same	as	above	350.00	1,470.00	44	277.95

21	Gray, Frank & Leola

715	"C" St.,L.V.	350.00	390.00	44	277.95

22	Same	as	above	350.00	390.00	44	277.95

23	Calbert, James

Box 371, L.V.	350.00	3,285.00	44	277.95

24	Same	as	above	350.00	3,285.00	44	277.95

BLOCK 12 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Mankiewicz, Susanna J. & Mankiewicz,

Mary Magdalene & Joseph S.

116 Hoover st., L.V.	410.00	480.00	9	496.33

2	Same	as	above	340.00	480.00	8	269.87

3	Same	as	above	340.00	480.00	8	269.87

4	Same	as	above	340.00	480.00	8	269.87

5	Same	as	above	340.00	480.00	8	269.87

6	Mankiewicz, Susanna J. & Mary N.

116	Hoover St., L.V.	340.00	8	269.87

7	McKiernan, Hortense

625 So. 4th St.,L.V.	340.00	620.00	8	269.87

8	Same	as	above	340.00	50.00	8	269.87

9	Iona McWilliams

222 Wilson Ave., L.V.	340.00	397.50	8	269.87

10	Same	as	above	340.00	397.50	8	269.87

11	Same	as	above	340.00	397.50	8	269.87

12	Same	as	above	410.00	397.50	9	496.33

13	Reda, Louis (½Int)

Sanders, Andrew R. &

Doris L. (½ Int)

c/o 125 S. 4th st.,L.V.	350.00	270.00	44	277.95

14	Same	as	above	350.00	270.00	44	277.95

15	Same	as	above	350.00	270.00	44	277.95

16	Same	as	above	350.00	270.00	44	277.95

17	Same	as	above	350.00	270.00	44	277.95

18	Same	as	above	425.00	280.00	45	521.83

19	Upshaw, Anna

207 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	425.00	905.00	45	521.83

20	Same	as	above	350.00	905.00	44	277.95

21	Dunham, Audrey E.

719 "B" st., L.V.	350.00	335.00	44	277.95

22	Same	as	above	350.00	335.00	44	277.95

23	Snowden, Willie

601 Freeman Ave., L.V.	350.00	350.00	44	277.95

24	Same	as	above	350.00	350.00	44	277.95

BLOCK 13 LAS VEGAS ORIGINAL TOWNSITE

1	Irr.	Kane, Michael & Phyllis

Rinehart, Wm. B. & Ede,

130 s. 4th st.,L.V.	190.00	14	123.84

2	"	Same	as	above	1;90.00	15	117.56

3	"	Same	as	above	190.00	16	l4l.6l

4	"	Same	as	above	190.00	17	165.69

5	"	Same	as	above	302.50	280.00	18	189.75

6	"	Same	as	above	302.50	280.00	19	213.80

7	"	Same	as	above	302.50	280.00	20	237.87

8	"	Same	as	above	302.50	280.00	21	261.93

9	"	Benuzzi,	Mary

1566 S. Huntington

Pomona, California	36O.00	1,155.00	22	286.01

10	Same	as	above	380.00	1,155.00	23	310.09

11	(W 88.5') Burke, Albert Harry

722	"B" St.,L.V.	230.00	570.00	268	150.29

12	(W 88.5') Same	as	above	280.00	570.00	267	304.45

11	(Less W 88.5')

Stump, Leona A.

109	McWilliams Ave., L.V.	140.00	785.00	270	183.85

12	(Less W 88.5')

Same as above	160.00	785.00	269	381.31

BLOCK 14 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA	FINAL COST

1	Irr.	Lopez, John C. & Dolores S.

801 N. "A" St., L.V.	100.00	670.00	4	122.35

2	Irr.	Same as above	100.00	670.00	5	197.31

3	Same as above	110.00	690.00	6	276.65

4	Butler, Michael L. & Margaret E.

811½ N. "A" St., L.V.	340.00	695.OO	7	272.77

5	Butler, Michael L.

8ll½ N. "A" St.,L.V.	340.00	7	272.77

6	Beckman, Laura

800 N. "B" st., L.V.	340.00	410.00	7	272.77

7	Same as above	340.00	410.00	8	269.87

8	Same as above	340.00	410.00	8	269.87

9	Same as above	340.00	410.00	8	269.87

10	Same as above	340.00	410.00	8	269.87

11	Same as above	340.00	410.00	8	269.87

12	Same as above	410.00	450.00	9	496.33

13	Mankiewicz, Susanna

116	E. Hoover Ave., L.V.	340.00	550.00	13	281.09

14	Same as above	340.00	550.00	13	281.09

15	Cameron, Hugh & Thelma

820 N. "B" St., L.V.	340.00	510.00	13	281.09

16	Same as above	340.00	510.00	13	281.09

17	Lingo, Robert

Box 23, L.V.	340.00	1,710.00	13	281.09

18	Same as above	410.00	1,710.00	12	524.97

19	(E 90') Nagiller, J.L. & Mae

819	N. "A" St.,L.V.	270.00	800.00	271	355.20

20	(E	90')	Same as above	60.00	200.00	274	55.55

19	(W 50') Jeppsen, Herbert E. & Edith

111	Morgan Ave., L.V.	150.00	440.00	272	173.13

20	(W	50')	Same as above	125.00	440.00	273	86.03

21	(W	50')	Same as above	125.00	440.00	273	86.03

22	(N 21' of W 50')

Same as above	100.00	430.00	275	72.26

20	( E 90' of S 18')

Terry, Elmo & Everlean

817 N. "A" St.,L.V.	155.00	605.00	276	142.87

21	(E 90' of N 14')

Same as above	125.00	605.00	277	111.12

21	(E 90' of Sll')

Campbell, Henry & Pearly Beatrice	90.00	600.00	278	87.30

22	(E 90' of N 21')

Campbell, Henry & Pearly Beatrice

815	N. "A" St., L.V.	180.00	1,160.00	279	166.68

22	(E 90' of S 4')

Jones, Bess

813	N. "A" St.,L.V.	30.00	160.00	281	31.76

23	(E 90') Same as above	225.00	1,000.00	282	198.42

22	(S 4' of W 50')

Butler, Michael L. & Margaret E.

811½ N. "A" St.,L.V.	10.00	55.00	280	13.76

23	(W	50')	Same as above	125.00	320.00	273	86.03

24	(W	50')	S ame as above	125.00	320.00	273	86.03

24	(E 90') Wenth, Ernest Fritz

811 N. "A" St., L.V.	225.00	1,340.00	282	198.42

BLOCK 15 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Parks, S. Gene & Anna (½ Int)

Jennings, Edith Anna (½ Int)

132 s. 1st st.,L.V.	410.00	490.00	9	496.33

2	Same as above	340.00	480.00	8	269.87

3	Same as above	340.00	480.00	8	269.87

4	Same as above	340.00	480.00	8	269.87

5	Langford, Sam W. & Myrtle Lee

408 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	340.00	670.00	8	269.87

6	Dalton, Thelma

412 Hart St., L.V.	340.00	770.00	8	269.87

7	Colton, R.A.

Box 187, North Las Vegas, Nevada 340.00	8	269.87

8	Same	as	above	340.00	8	269.87

9	Same	as	above	340.00	8	269.87

10	Same	as	above	340.00	8	269.87

11	Same	as	above	340.00	8	269.87

12	Same as above	410.00	600.00	9	496.33

13	Black, C.J. (Deceased)
c/o Rodney Colton, Admr.

Box 187, North Las	Vegas, Nevada	350.00	25.00	13	281.09

14	Same as above	350.00	25.00	13	281.09

15	Woolley, William R.

806 "C" St., L.V.	350.00	1,175.00	13	281.09

16	Same as above	350.00	1,175.00	13	281.09

17	(E 70') Gray, Nathaniel & Beulah

215	Morgan Avenue, L.V.	180.00	685.00	286	118.78

18	(E 70')	Same as above	210.00	685.00	285	240.72

17	(W 70') Woolley, William R. & Vivian

806 N. "C" St.,	L.V.	180.00	195.00	284	162.33

18	(N 70')	Same as above	210.00	195.00	283	284.27

19	Morgan, Edith

c/o Ray W. Burgess

821 N. "B" St.,	L.V.	425.00	260.00	12	524.97

20	Same as above	350.00	260.00	13	281.09

21	Cameron, Thelma Mary

820	N. "B" St.	L.V.	350.00	395.00	13	281.09

22	Same as above	350.00	395.00	13	381.09

23	Gay,James & Hazel J.

8ll "B" St., L.V.	350.00	1,180.00	13	281.09

1-4-56
LOT^	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA FINAL COST

24	Same	as	above	350.00	1,180.00	13	281.09

BLOCK 16 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Farnsworth, Hazel

302 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	410.00	910.00	9	496.33

2	Myers, Thos. H. , Estate of

c/o Box 1552, L.V.	340.00	485.00	8	269.87

3	Same	as	above	340.00	485.00	8	269.87

4	Lujan, Gabriel & Lucy M.

310	McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	260.00	8	269.87

5	Same	as	above	340.00	260.00	8	269.87

6	Gay,	James A. & Hazel J.

811 N. "B" St.,L.V.	340.00	320.00	8	269.87

7	Same	as	above	340.00	310.00	55	310.74

8	Same	as	above	340.00	310.00	55	310.74

9	Same	as	above	340.00		55	310.74

10	Same as above	340.00	55	310.74

11	Same	as	above	340.00	835.00	55	310.74

12	Same	as	above	410.00	835.00	54	537.20

13	Gray, Nathaniel & Beulah

215	Morgan Ave., L.V.	350.00	845.00	59	328.23

14	Same as above	350.00	845.00	59	328.23

15	King,Clarence Birdie & Leila	Mae

300 Harrison Ave.,L.V.	350.00	180.00	59	328.23

16	Same as above	350.00	180.00	599	328.23

17	Delgade, Francisco add Merjilda

8l8½ N. "D"St., L.V.	350.00	320.00	59	328.23

18	Same as above	425.00	320.00	58	572.11

19	Smith, Jack & Alberta

819 N. "C" St., L.V.	425.00	295.00	12	524.97

20	Same as above	350.00	295.00	13	281.09

21	Matter, Letha

815 N. "C" St., L.V.	350.00	450.00	13	281.09

22	Same as above	350.00	450.00	13	281.09

23	Alba, Juan & Guadalupe

811 N. "C" St.,L.V.	350.00	855.00	13	281.09

24	Same as above	350.00	855.00	13	281.09

BLOCK 17 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Bravo, G.

402 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	410.00	1,585.00	54	537.20

2	Same as above	340.00	1,585.00	55	310.74

3	Slade, Alfred & Mildred

Box 445, L.V.	340.00	660.00	55	310.74

4	Same as above	340.00	660.00	55	310.74

5	Murata, Shigeru

4l0 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	1,355.00	55	310.74

6	Nasu, Otehei & Sada

412 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	650.00	55	310.74

7	Same as above	340.00	650.00	8	269.87

8	Allen, Marshall A. & Callie M.

4l6 McWilliams Ave.,L.V.	340.00	760.00	8	269.87

9	Hawkins, William & Mary

420 McWilliams Ave.,L.V.	340.00	290.00	8	269.87

10	Same as above	340.00	290.00	8	269.87

11	Hill, Capen & Hazel

422 W. Washington Ave.,L.V.	340.00	475.00	8	269.87

12	Same as above	410.00	475.00	9	496.33

13	Wilson, Lou

c/o Mrs. William Watkins

815 "E" St., L.V.	350.00	940.00	13	281.09

14	Same as above	350.00	940.00	13	281.09

15	Nettles, Mary

814 N. "E" St.,L.V.	350.00	250.00	13	281.09

16	Same as above	350.00	250.00	13	281.09

17	Same as above	350.00	250.00	13	281.09

18	Same as above	425.00	280.00	12	524.97

19	Jacomini, Daniel A. & Petra

Box 372, L.V.	425.00	600.00	58	572.11

20	Same as above	350.00	600.00	59	328.23

21	Same as above	350.00	590.00	59	328.23

22	Bustes, Manuel & Frances Teresa

815	N. "D" St.,L.V.	350.00	2,180.00	59	328.23

23	Jacomini, Dan & Petra D.

819 N. "D" St., L.V.	350.00	100.00	59	328.23

24	Same as above	350.00	100.00	59	328.23

BLOCK 18 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Hodge, Clarence E. & Hattie

502 W. McWilliams Ave.,L.V.	410.00	800.00	9	496.33

2	Same as above	340.00	800.00	8	269.87

3	Same as above	340.00	750.00	8	269.87

4	Sims, Penia & Pearl

508 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	560.00	8	269.87

5	Same as above	340.00	560.00	8	269.87

6	Johnson, Denetria

510 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	960.00	8	269.87

7	Same as above	340.00	960.00	8	269.87

8	Hampton, Arneitha

514	McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	960.00	8	269.87
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA FINAL COST

9	Vasquez, Barbara	H.

520 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	1,395.00	8	269.87

10	Same as above	340.00	1,395.00	8	269.87

11	(N 35')	Rome, Amalia & Joseph L.

801 N. "F" St., L.V.	90.00	290.00	292	60.92

12	(N 35')	Same as above	110.00	290.00	291	121.89

11	(S 70')	Ildefense, Alice

815	N. "F" St.,L.V.	180.00	1,610.00	287	165.42

12	(S	70')	Same as	above	220.00	1,610.00	288	287.36

11	(N 25' of S 95')

Same as above	70.00	660.00	290	43.52

12	(N 25' of S 95')

Same as above	680.00	660.00	289	87.07

13	Snowden, Robert H. & Mary A.

810	"F"	St., L.V.	350.00	1,405.00	13	281.09

14	(S	½)	Same as	above	180.00	615.00	371	140.55

14	(N½)	Harrison, Joe H.	& Martha

814	N. "F" St., L.V.	170.00	400.00	371	140.55

15	Same as	above	350.00	790.00	13	281.09

16	Price, Willis & Josephine

816	"F" St., L.V.	350.00	150.00	13	281.09

17	Same	as	above	350.00	150.00	13	281.09

18	Same	as	above	425.00	150.00	12 	524.97

19	McCants, Arthur & Fannie

821	N. "E" St., L.V.	425.00	970.00	12	524.97

20	Same	as	above	350.00	970.00	13	281.09

21	Orr, Mrs. Evelyn

817	N. "E" St., L.V.	350.00	490.00	13	281.09

22	Same	as	above	350.00	490.00	13	281.09

23	Same	as	above	350.00	490.00	13	281.09

24	Same	as	above	350.00	490.00	13	281.09

BLOCK 19 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Williams, Sam & Mary Lou

602 McWilliams Ave.,L.V.	410.00	1,780.00	9	496.33

2	Same	as	above	340.00	1,780.00	8	269.87

3	Same	as	above	340.00	1,770	8	269.87

4	Gilmore, Reverend James

304	Madison Ave.,L.V.	340.00	1,070.00	8	269.87

5	Same	as	above	340.00	1,070.00	8	269.87

6	Same	as	above	340.00	1,060.00	8	269.87

7	Moses, Harvey & Nancy

6l6	McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	3,720.00	8	269.87

8	Same	as	above	340.00	880.00	8	269.87

9	Same	as	above	340.00	2,840.00	8	269.87

10	Nicholson, Jr., James & Nora

622	McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	1,060.00	8	269.87

11	Same	as	above	340.00	1,060.00	8	269.87

12	Same	as	above	410.00	1,070.00	9	496.33

13	Williams, Bessie

808 "G" St., L.V.	350.00	1,900.00	13	281.09

14	Moss, Wallace W. & Anna

207 E. Charleston Blvd.,L.V.	350.00	40.00	13	281.09

15	Same	as	above	350.00	270.00	13	281.09

16	Shelbourne, Mrs. Ever

816	N. "G" St.,L.V.	350.00	665.00	13	281.09

17	Same	as	above	350.00	665.00	13	281.09

18	Same	as	above	425.00	2,570.00	12	524.97

19	Bruner, Andrew & Katheryn

1320 "D" St., L.V.	425.00	585.00	12	524.97

20	Same	as	above	350.00	585.00	13	281.09

21	Flores, Rupert C. & Resalva

815	N. "F" St., L.V.	350.00	240.00	13	281.09

22	Same	as	above	350.00	240.00	13	281.09

23	Hawkins, Mary

811	N. "F" St., L.V.	350.00	1,055.00	13	281.09

24	Same	as	above	350.00	1,055.00	13	281.09

BLOCK 20 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Evans, Elizabeth Barta & Joe

500 N. 9th St.,L.V.	410.00	730.00	45	521.83

2	Same	as	above	340.00	730.00	44	277-95

3	Church:	The Roman Catholic Bishop

of Reno, A Corporation Sole

c/o Monsignor Lamb

315 S. 2nd St.,L.V.	340.00	350.00	44	277.95

4	Same	as	above	340.00	350.00	44	277.95

5	Parks, S. Gene & Anna

132 s. 1st st., L.V.	340.00	44	277.95

6 (S 80')	Same as above	210.00	293	177.49

6	(Less S 80') Wengert, S.B. & Ruth M.

320	Sycamore St.,

San Bernardino, Calif.	130.00	294	100.45

7	Shulman, Edna

210	S. 4th St.,L.V.	340.00	60	240.22

8	Same as above	340-00	60	240.22

9	Same	as	above	340.00	60	240.22

10	Same	as	above	340.00	60	240.22

11	Same	as	above	340.00	60	240.22

12	Same	as	above	205.00	64	205.00
LOT#	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA FINAL COST

13	Irr.	Church: The Roman Catholic Bishop

of Reno a Corporation Sole

315	S. 2nd St.,L.V.	205.00	780.00	65	100.20

14	Same as above	350.00	790.00	6l	243.59

15	Same	as	above	350.00	790.00	6l	243.59

16	Same	as	above	350.00	790.00	6l	243.59

17	Hoggard, J. David & Mabel W.

711	Morgan Ave., L.V.	350.00	61	243.59

18	Wengert, S.B.& Ruth F.

320 Sycamore St.,	

San Bernardino, Calif	350.00	6l	243.59

1$	Same	as	above	350.00	1,500.00	62	281.32

20	Same	as	above	350.00	62	281.32

21	Hoggard, J. David & Mabel W.

711	Morgan Ave., L.V.	350.00	62	281.32

22	Same	as	above	350.00	62	281.32

23	Same	as	above	350.00	62	281.32

24	Same	as	above	425-00	63	425-00

BLOCK 21 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Taylor, Pettie & Mary E.

701 Washington Ave.,	L.V.	410.00	1,195.00	69	580.51

2	Same	as	above	340.00	1,195.00	68	354.05

3	Graves, Roland & Verdia L.

710 Morgan St., L.V.	340.00	140.00	68	354.05

4	Mendoza, Victoria

710 Morgan Ave., L.V.	340.00	630.00	68	354.05

5	Same	as	above	340.00	630.00	68	354.05

6	Graves, Luther & Willie Pauline

712	Morgan Ave., L.V.	340.00	470.00	68	354.05

7	Same	as	above	340.00	470.00	67	319.02

8	Ray,	Clarence

717 W. Washington	Ave.,	L.V.	340.00	385.00	67	319.02

9	Same	as	above	340.00	385.00	67	319.02

10	Same	as	above	340.00	385.00	67	319.02

11	Same	as	above	205*00	385.00	66	472.96

BLOCK 22 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Bruner, Andrew & Katheryn

1320 "D" St., L.V.	410.00	69	410.00

2	Same	as	above	340.00	68	340.00

3	Same	as	above	340.00	695.00	68	354.05

4	Same	as	above	340.00	695.00	68	354.05

5	Same	as	above	340.00	1,485.00	68	354.05

6	Same	as	above	340.00	1,485.00	68	354.05

7	Barnes, W.J. & Sharel

2014 Santa Clara Dr.,	L.V.	340.00	90.00	68	354.05

8	Same	as	above	340.00	90.00	68	354.05

9	Same	as	above	340.00	90.00	68	354.05

10	Same	as	above	340.00	90.00	68	354.05

11	Same	as	above	340.00	90.00	68	354.05

12	Same	as	above	410.00	90.00	69	410.00

BLOCK 23 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Johnson, Morris & Catherine

501 Washington Ave., L.V.	410.00	1,380.00	69	580.51

2	Same	as	above	340.00	1,380.00	68	354.05

3	Brogden, Frank & Ruth
c/o Grace McCain

Box 342, L.V.	340.00	780.00	68	354.05

4	Jones, Harvey & Robbie

1315 N. "D" St.,L.V.	340.00	1,125.00	68	354.05

5	S me	as	above	340.00	1,125.00	68	354.05

6	Same	as	above	340.00	68	340.00

7	Same	as	above	340.00	68	340.00

8	Same	as	above	340.00	68	340.00

9	Same	as	above	340.00	68	340*00

10	Same	as	above	340.00	68	340.00

11	Same	as	above	340.00	68	340.00

12	Same	as	above	410.00	69	410.00

BLOCK 24 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Lopez, Maryhilda (½ Int)

Lopez, Fernando (¼ Int)

Lopez, Adelaide (¼ Int)

402 Morgan Ave., L.V.	410.00	540.00	175	621.38

2	Cistillo, Miguel

4o4 Morgan Ave., L.V.	340.00	760.00	174	394.92

3	Same	as	above	340.00	760.00	174	394.92

4	Cabrera, Jesse & Adelaide L.

4o8 Morgan Ave., L.V.	340.00	450.00	174	394.92

5	Same	as	above	340.00	450.00	174	394.92

6	Bravo, Olivia

402 McWilliams Ave., L.V.	340.00	1,440.00	174	394.92

7	Snowden, James Sr. & Carrie

412 W. Morgan Ave., L.V.	340.00	87O.OO	68	354.05

8	Same	as	above	340.00	87O.OO	68	354.05

9	Same	as	above	340.00	87O.OO	68	354.05

10	Same	as	above	340.00	87O.OO	68	354.05

11	Ross, Elijah Jr. & Georgia

422 W. Morgan St., L.V.	340.00	735.00	68	354.05

12	Same	as	above	410.00	735.00	69	580.51

BLOCK 25 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1-4-56
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA FINAL COST

1	Church: International Church of
Four Square Gospel

1100 Glendale Blvd.,

Los Angeles 26, Calif.	410.00	900.00	69	580.51

2	Jeter, Joseph H. & Jeter,

Frederick William

c/o J.Jeter, Box 1026, L.V.	340.00	68	340.00

3	Fowler, Arthur & Iwana

304 Morgan Ave., L.V.	340.00	1,850.00	68	354.05

4	Mesa, Grace

301 Washington Ave.,L.V.	340.00	550.00	68	354.05

5	Same as above	340.00	550.00	68	354.05

6	Aquirre, Leener R.

Box 281, L.V.	340.00	68	340.00

7	Fertsen, George & Gertrude

315 Washington, L.V.	340.00	715.00	174	394.92

8	Same	as	above	340.00	715.00	174	394.92

9	Gaddes, Mary C.

Box 577, L.V.	340.00	760.00	174	394.92

10	Same	as	above	340.00	760.00	174	394.92

11	Cooper, Charles R. & Brucella

356 Washington St., L.V.	340.00	2,430.00	174	394.92

12	Moore, Bessie

354 Morgan Ave., L.V.	410.00	2,570.00	175	621.38

BLOCK 26 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	(N 65')	Pachece, Jese Abel & Florencia G.

829 N. "B"	St., L.V.	205.00	180.00	296	312.03

2	(N65')	Same	as	above	170.00	180.00	297	198.80

3	( 65')	Same	as	above	170.00	180.00	297	198.80

1	(S 65')	Glover, Vanella

2&4 Morgan Ave., L.V.	205.00	505.00

2	(S	65')	Same as above	170.00	505.00	298	155.25

3	(S	65')	Same as above	170.00	500.00	298	155.25

4	(N ½)	Jenkins, Tom

700 Wilson	Ave.,	L.V.	170.00	465.00	297	198.80

5	(N ½)	Same	as	above	170.00	460.00	297	198.80

4	(S ½)	Jenkins, Emma

210 Morgan	Ave.,	L.V.	170.00	465.00

5	(S ½)	Same	as	above	170.00	460.00	298	155.25

6	Broyles, Edgar & Bernice

212 Morgan	Ave.,	L.V.	340.00	770.00	68	354.05

7	Tenesch, Pheebe

214 Morgan	Ave.,	L.V.	340.00	605.00	68	354.05

8	Same	as	above	340.00	605.00	68	354.05

9	Williams, Elija W. & Carrie

230 Morgan St., L.V.	340.00	     390.00	68	354.05

10	Same	as	above	340.00	390.00	68	354.05

11	Same	as	above	340.00	395.00	68	354.05

12	Same	as	above	410.00	395.00	69	580.51

BLOCK 27 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Milne, George Neilsen &

Milne, Muriel Alyss

104 Morgan Ave.,L.V.	410.00	285.00	177	583.42

2	Same	as	above	340.00	285.00	176	356.97

3	Bunch, Kelly Carter & Eddie

108 Morgan Ave., L.V.	340.00	425.00	176	356.97

4	Same as above	340.00	425.00	176	356.97

5	Hufford, Joe

Room #l4 Delkin Bldg., L.V.	340.00	995.00	176	356.97

6	Same	as	above	340.00	995.00	176	356-.7

7	Schnackenberg, Johnnie J.	& Mary F.

114 Morgan Ave., L.V.	340.00	910.00	68	354.05

8	Same	as	above	340.00	910.00	68	354.05

9	Hansen, Lena W.

Route #2, Nampa, Idaho	340.00	555.00	68	354.05

10	Same	as	above	340.00	555.00	68	354.05

11	Same	as	above	340.00	560.00	68	354.05

12	Same	as	above	410.00	560.OO	69	580.51

BLOCK 28 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE
ALL	City	of	Las Vegas

Las Vegas, Nevada	770.00	1	419.60

BLOCK 29 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE
ALL	City	of	Las Vegas

Las Vegas, Nevada	350.00	2	204.95

BLOCK 30 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	Buel, Frank A.

Pahrump, Nevada (¼ Int)

Wilson, Leonard

653 Avenue "L",

Boulder City, Nevada	(3/4 Int)	150.00	3	96.21

2	Same	as	above	150.00	3	96.21

3	Irr.	Same	as	above	150.00	3	96.21

4	Irr.	Same	as	above	150.00	3	96.21

5	Irr.	Same	as	above	150.00	3	96.21

BLOCK 31 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1-4-56
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	FINAL COST

1	Sage, Lawrence & Nelly	

702	N. "A" St., L.V.	270.00	65.OO	3	96.21

2	Same as above	220.00	60.00	3

3	Lawton, Marie D.	^

Box 1971, L.V.	220.00	3	96.21

4	Same	as	above	220.00	3		96.21

5	Davis. Mrs. Ethel	

708 N. "A" St., L.V.	220.00	270.00	3	96.21

6	Free, R.B.	

Box 72, Pioche, Nevada	220.00	125.00	3	96.21

7	The Rector, Churchwardens & Vestry-
men of Christ Church Episcopal

Las Vegas, Nevada	220.00	50.00	3	96.21

8	Same as above	220.00	50.00	3	96.21

Q	Guy, Minnie D.	

712 - 63rd St., San Biego l4, Calif.       220.00	90.00	3	96.21

10	Same	as	above	220.00	90.00	3	96.21

11	Same	as	above	220.00	90.00	3	96.21

12	Same	as	above	270.00	90.00	3	96.21

BLOCK 32 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

T_________________fM+y	rvf	T-*c	      765.80	

___	pfimc*	*<s	132.00	 3

c	132.00	      3

^	an Above	132.00	3

^	---Some	ao	above	    132.00	3

9	Metz, John	220.00	340.00	3	96.21

10	Part plus		

11	Part	Same	as	above	220.00	340.00	299	119.51

10	Part plus 11 Part plus 12 Part plus 13 Part

Beltran, Cradelarie

109	S. Main St.,L.V.	330.00	700.00	301	146.87

12	Part	McAuley, Frank

621	N. "A" St., L.V.	110.00	120.00	300	22.24

13	Part	Same	as	above	220.00	275.00	3	96.21

14	Same	as	above	270.00	275.00	3	96.21

BLOCK 33 ORIGINAL LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE

1	King, Clarence, Smith, Lela Mae,

Perry, Jr., Solomon, Perry, Willie M.

&	Shelby, 300 Harrison Ave., L.V.	580.00	2,320.00	211	602.87

2	Same	as	above	510.00	2,320.00	210	440.32

3	Turner, Edna

307	Harrison Ave., L.V.	510.00	520.00	209	445.84

4	Porter, Orville & Elsie

312	Harrison Ave., L.V.	510.00	630.00	208	473.63

5	Wheatley, Terry & Abery

212 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	510.00	295.00	207	479.50

6	Same as above	610.00	295.00	206	667.91

BLOCK 8 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Thomas, Jack & Louise

300	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	710.00	1,630.00	148	799.73

2	Moody, Henry& Almeta

321	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,090.00	149	555.86

3	Hunter, Ethel Mae

310 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,320.00	149	555.86

4	Hocker, Garfield

312	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,510.00	158	587.30

5	Rosemond, Milton & Willie

318	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,470.00	158	587.30

6	Harrisony Wm. Benjamin

2125 Curtis St., Oakland 7, Calif.	710.00	760.00	154	831.17

7	Nichols, Odell

1524 N. "D" St., L.V.	710.00	1,720.00	370	864.85

8	Same	as	above	590.00	1,720.00	369	620.96

9	Jones, Alonzo

313	Harrison Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,750.00	369	620.97

10	McCoy, Jr., Peter

603 Adams Ave., L.V.	590.00	367	589.53

11	John, Albair & Rosa

305	Harrison Ave.,L.V.	590.00	1,200.00	367	589.53

12	Gilmore, Isen & Mary

Box 1026, Herlong, California	710.00	1,800.00	368	833.41

BLOCK 9 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Parker, Willie & Pauline

304 Jackson Ave., L.V.	710.00	920.00	148	799.73

2	Same	as	above	590.00	920.00	149	555.85

3	Adkins, Earl L. & Rosie L.

308	Jackson St.,L.V.	590.00	480.00	149	555.86

4	Carroll, Saul P. & Mary

310 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,750.00	158	587.30

5	Crumo, Carrie L.

316	Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	3,290.00	158	587.30

6	Lodge:	Improved, Benevolent Pro-

tective Order of Elks of the World,

Silver State Lodge #1158

c/o 504 Jackson Ave., L.V.	710.00	9,370.00	154	831.17

1-4-56
LOT A	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA FINAL COST

7	Moody, Henry

321	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	710.00	3;700.00	154	831.17

8	Bunton, Annie Mae

317 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	4,620.00	158	587.30

9	Wilson, Woodrow & Soma

313	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,990.00	1$8	587.30

10	Cannon, Jr., Jodie & Cannon, Jimmie

Ray & Jerald, 305 Van Buren Ave.,L.V.       590.00	4,040.00	149	555.86

11	Same as above	590.00	4,040.00	149	555.86

12	George, David N. & Mai

301	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	710.00	5,090.00	148	799*73

BLOCK 10 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Walten, Cendola & Orene

300 Monroe Ave.,L.V.	710.00	1,150.00	147	806.47

2	Williamson, Mattie B.

304 Monroe Ave.,L.V.	590.00	1,140.00	146	562.59

3	Wickliffe, Lawrence L.	& Willa Mae

21$ Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	146	562.59

4	(plus 2' frontage on Lot 5)

Johnson, Lizzie

316	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	610.00	362	597.51

5	(less 2' frontage)

Jefferson, P.L. & Vidalur

320 Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,310.00	363	590.55

6	Same as aboVe	710.00	10,000.00	153	837.91

7	Sanders, Allen Jr. & Lillian

1314 "D" St., L.V.	710.00	4,380.00	154	831.17

8	Sparks, Coy & Mildred

319	Jackson St., L.V.	590.00	1,610.00	158	587.30

9	Page, Ruby

31$ Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,010.00	1$8	587.30

10	Stepps, H.C. & Hazel

c/o Hazel Brown, 1417 Nevada,

Flint, Michigan	590.00	600.00	149	555.86

11	James, Isiah & Audrey Evelyn

1323 "C" St., L.V.	590.00	4,740.00	149	555.86

12	Same as above	710.00	4,740.00	148	799.73

BLOCK 11 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Ware, Zelma C. & Verna Mae

300	Madison Ave.,L.V.	710.00	1,610.00	116	799.73

2	Davis, Mattie

304 Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,930.00	115	555.86

3	Shell, Ulles&Eva

308 Madison Ave.,L.V.	590.00	1,600.00	115	555.86

4	Robinson, Juluas

314	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	450.00	117	587.30

5	Hays, Lola

316	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,140.00	117	587.30

6	Pullens, E.L.

322	Madison Ave., L.V.	710.00	1,890.00	119	831.17

7	Johnson, R.M. & Elvessie

408 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	710.00	7,350.00	38$	506.93

8	Harris, Sam & Mary E.

317	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	75.00	107	594.03

9	Anthony, Louise

71$ N. "C" St.,L.V.	590.00	1,760.00	107	594.03

10	Prldhomme, Joe & Creela

311	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,160.00	102	562.59

11	Calhoun, Annie Mae

163$ "G" St.,L.V.	590.00	1,230.00	102	562.59

12	Johnson, Ike & Sadie

301	Monroe Ave.,L.V.	710.00	3,470.00	103	806.47

BLOCK 12 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Knuckles, Louella

302	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	710.00	754.00	116	799.73

2	(E	 ½)	Same as above	295.00	536.00	34l	277.93

2	(W ½)	Duncan, George E.

306	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	295.00	317*00	34l	277.93

3	Same as above	590.00	953*00	115	555.86

4	Rose, Perry

308 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,760.00	235	643.87

5	Church: New Jerusalem Baptist Church,
a Nevada Corp. c/o Ira B. Mason

218 Adams Ave.,L.V.	590.00	2,480.00	235	643.87

6	(S	60')	Same as above	255.00	1,120.00	342	430.24

6	(N	80')	Same as above	335.00	270.00	343	457.50

7	Spates, Blaney

1122 "D" St., L.V.	710.00	2,400.00	236	887.75

8	Coleman, Toy

317	Madison Ave.,L.V.	590.00	1,190.00	235	643.87

9	Same as above	590.00	1,190.00	235	643.87

10	Church: St. James Missionary Baptist

Church of Las Vegas, c/o Box 1948, L.V.    590.00	150.00	115	555.86

11	Franklin, Verce & Franklin, Charlie Ross

307	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	970.00	115	555.86

BLOCK 13 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION
14	City of Las Vegas

Las Vegas, Nevada	7,560.00	14,480.00	372	6,497.73

"A"	Las Vegas Grammar School

District #12, Las Vegas, Nevada	2,000.00	67,500.00	383	6,994.94

BLOCK 14 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1-4-56
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS      FORMULA       FINAL COST

1	McCoy, Barney & Sarah

903 "B" St.; L.V.	710.00	3,740.00	240	968.11

2	So. Nevada Power Co.

109 s. 2nd St., L.V.	590.00	239	590.00

3	Same	as	above	590.00	239	590.00

4	Same	as	above	590.00	239	590.00

5	Same	as	above	590.00	239	590.00

6	Same	as	above	710.00	240	710.00

7	Mews; Blanche

922 "C" St.; L.V.	710.00	2,l80.00	116	799.73

8	Stephens; Howard & George

217	Adams Ave.; L.V.	590.00	2,6l0.00	115	555.86

9	Jackson; Ernest & Lucille

215	Adams Ave.; L.V.	590.00	2,355.00	115	555.86

10	Same	as	above	590.00	2,355.00	115	555.86

11	Samuel; Fred

908 "B" St.; L.V.	590.00	2,510.00	115	555.86

12	Same	as	above	710.00	1,690.00	116	799.73

BLOCK 15 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Carr, Mose & Jeanette

1000 N. "B" St., L.V.	710.00	2,470.00	116	799.73

2	(E 25')	Same	as	above	295.00	730.00	34l	277.93

2	(W 25')	Washington, H. & Pamella

206 Adams Ave.,L.V.	295.00	1,120.00	341	277.93

3	Reynolds, Willie & Mary

210	Adams Ave., L.V.	590.00	115	555.86

4	Same	as	above	590.00	920.00	115	555.86

5	(N 40')	Snowden, Willie

601 Freman Ave., N.V.	170.00	360.00	346	133.93

5	(S 100')	Jackson,Wesley

216	Adams Ave., L.V.	420.00	3,360.00	347	421.93

6	Ware, Ira B.

218	Adams Ave., L.V.	710.00	1,790.00	116	799.73

7	Green, Susie E. & Tyler, Hannah

1007 "C" St., L.V.	710.00	1,500.00	116	799.73

8	Hall, Vera

209	Jefferson Ave.,L.V.	590.00	920.00	115	555.86

9	Calhoun, Zenes

c/o James Hll, 1013 "G" St.,L.V.	590.00	900.00	115	555.86

10	Carter, John L. & Stella

211	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	3,680.00	115	555.86

11	Fletcher, Percy & Perry, Katie B.

300 Harrison Ave.,L.V.	590.00	1,350.00	115	555.86

12	Davis, Efrem &U Affie

114	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	710.00	1,400.00	116	799.73

BLOCK 16 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Haynes, Durrey & Mary Alice
700 South 31st St., Apt. 2-D,

Richmond, California	710.00	270.00	116	799.73

2	Gice, Addie Mae

204	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,700.00	115	555.86

3	Barber, Wyatt & Lou Annie

203	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	3,830.00	115	555.86

4	Conway, Louis & Ludie

220 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,100.00	115	555.86

5	Sparkman, Alex & Naomi

210	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,605.00	115	555.86

6	Same	as	above	710.00	1,605.00	116	799.73

7	Powell, Estelle & Andrew

1123 G Street, L.V.	710.00	2,490.00	116	799.73

8	Addison, Clarence & Teresa

217	Madison St., L.V.	590.00	4,450.00	115	555.86

9	Starling, Arthur & Gertrude

206 Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,500.00	115	555.86

10	Page, I.V.& Katie

209	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,230.00	115	555.86

11	Epps, Temmeria

205	Madison Ave.,L.V.	590.00	540.00	115	555.86

12	Daniels, Hester

1120 N. "E" St., L.V.	710.00	3,300.00	116	799.73

BLOCK 17 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Daniels, Hester

1120 N. "D" st.,L.V.	710.00	1,380.00	116	799.73

2	Gamer, Mary

204	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,900.00	115	555.86

3	Williams, Willie B. & Henry

1664 Cadillac Lane, L.V.	590.00	115	555.86

4	BaH, Olivia

220 Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	380.00	115	555.86

5	Scott, Nathan

Box 457, L.V.	590.00	1,840.00	115	555.86

6	Bickham, George & Joseph Sawyer

c/o George Bickham, 64l8 Drexel Avenue

Chicago 37, Illinois	710.00	1,170.00	116	799.73

7	Pamplin, Tom & pearl

4l4 Madison Ave., L.V.	710.00	125.00	103	806.47

8	White, Luther & Bee Helen

219	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	4,640.00	102	562.59

1-4-56
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA FINAL COS!:

1	Mankiewicz, Suzanna & Mary

116	E. Hoover	St.,L.V.	510.00	219	238.44

2	S me as above	420.00	218	126.76

3	Same as above	420.00	217	129.10

4	Mankiewicz, Suzanna J., Mary Magda-
lene & Joseph S.

116 E. Hoover	St.,L.V.	460.00	216	131.18

5	McDonald, Willis & Rebecca

120 Harrison Ave.,L.V.	460.00	1,880.00	215	129.68

6	Roby, John Lee & Ora D.

124 Harrison Ave., L.V.	460.00	214	131.94

7	Roby, John Lee & Ora D.

124 Harrison St.,L.V.	460.00	1,240.00	213	133.97

8	Same as above	550.00	1,240.00	212	283.72

BLOCK 23 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Williams, Wendell & Beesie Mae

100	Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	520.00	6,980.00	183	668.21

2	Williams, Wendell & Bessie Mae

102	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,380.00	150	562.15

3	Rose Holding Corp.

122	S. 4th St., L.V.	590.00	9,330.00	150	562.15

4	Johnson, Jacob & Mattie Jean

124 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,440.00	150	562.15

$	Same	as	above	590.00	2,020.00	149	555.86

6	Same	as	above	590.00	1,900.00	149	555.86

7	Crozier, Oscar L. & Barbie

128 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	930.00	149	555.86

8	Same as	above	590.00	930.00	l48	799.73

9	Brown, Ancell G. & Johnson, Julia T.

12$ Harrison Ave., L.V.	710.00	240.00	368	833.4l

10	Same	as	above	590.00	240.00	367	$89.53

11	Same	as	above	590.00	250.00	367	$89.53

12	Brown, Ancell G.

125 Harrison Ave., L.V.	590.00	190.00	367	589.52

13	Same	as	above	590.00	190.00	365	595.82

14	Same	as	above	590.00	190.00	365	595.82

1$	Same	as	above	590.00	190.00	365	595.82

16	Same	as	above	600.00	180.00	182	735.39

BLOCK 24 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Irr	Dobbins, Ealie & Wilhelmina (½ Int)

Dobbins, Leslie & Mary Louise (½ Int)

112 Jackson Ave., L.V.	420.00	500.00	185	587.84

2	Same as	above	590.00	    510.00	150	562.15

3	Same	as	above	590.00	510.00	150	562.15

4	Same	as	above	590.00	510.00	150	562.15

5	Dobbins, Ealie & Wilhelmina

112 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,520.00	149	555.86

6	Dobbins, Ealie & Wilhelmina	(½ Int)

Dobbins, Leslie & Mary Louise (½ Int)

112 Jackson Ave.,L.V.	590.00	1,455.00	149	555.86

7	Same	as	above	590.00	1,455.00	149	555.86

8	Wallace, Clemmie & Hallie Mae

128 Jackson Ave., L.V.	710.00	990.00	l48	799.73

9	Hayden,	Louise

127 Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	710.00	960.00	148	799.73

10	Harber, Warn Edna & Edward Harber
Harber, Israel & Glen

Mathews, Kenneth L.

12$ Van Buren Ave, L.V.	590.00	1,050.00	149	555.86

11	Same	as	above	590.00	1,050.00	149	555.86

12	Samuel,	Robert Lee & Virginia

117	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,200.00	149	555.86

13	Smith, Irene

111	Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	590.00	330.00	150	562.15

14	Same	as	above	590.00	330.00	150	562.15

15 (W 10')	S me as above	120.00	  70.00	359	112.44

15 (Less W 10') Gant, Philip

Box 444, McNary, Arizona	470 00	150.00	360	449.71

16	 Same as above	500.00	160.00	184	628.48

BLOCK 25 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Lucas, Charles & dorothy

102 Monroe Ave., L.V.	320.00	265.00	187	512.88

2	Same	as	above	590.00	265.00	145	568.88

3	Terlizzi, Michele & AHene
& Bonanza Investment Co

1100 Comstock Dr., L.V.	590.00	360.00	145	568.88

4	Napier, Jerico.& Hattie

112	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	180.00	145	568.88

5	Johnson, Emma Sanders

116 Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	  100.00	146	562.59

6	Tatum, Harry & Willie Mae

118	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	500.00	146	562.59

7	Shaw, Will & Willie Mae

1300 "B" St., L.V.	590.00	250.00	146	562.59

8	Same	as	above	710.00	250.00	147	806.47

9	Wilkins, Ida Louise

127 Jackson Ave., L.V.	710.00	1,000.00	148	799.73

10	Thomas, Willie & Annie Ruth

123	Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	900.00	149	555.86

l-4-56
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA FINAL COST

9	Johnson, Emmett	& Johnson; Josie L.

215 Monroe Ave., L.V.	590-00	1,030.00	102	562.59

10	Childs; Conway

211	Monroe	Ave.;L.V.	590.00	1,570.00	102	562.59

11	Hines, Herman &Sula

209	Monroe	Ave.; L.V.	590.00	1,380.00	102	562.59

12	Brown; Foster &	Dudley	J.

1216 "E" st.; L.V.	710.00	1,350.00	103	806.47

BLOCK 18 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION



1	Allums, Shadrack A. & Georgia

200 Monroe	Ave.; L.V.	710.00	2,350.00	147	806.47

2	Coleman; Pete & Emmett L.

215	Monroe Ave.; L.V.	590.00	146	562.59

3	Terry; Steve & Lillie

210	Monroe Ave.; L.V.	590.00	2,250.00	l46	562.59

4	Dobbins; Whilemena & Mary

112 Jackson Ave.; L.V.	590.00	146	562.59

5	Same as above	590.00	l46	562.59

6	Same as above	710.00	147	710.00

7	Chism, Elizabeth

Howard; Beatrice

1318 "c" St.; L.V.	710.00	l,l40.00	148	799.73

8	Dobbins; Leslie & Mary

217 Jackson Ave.; L.V.	590.00	2;250.00	149	555.86

9		Payne, Willie & Hattie

1300 "C" St., L.V.	590.00	790.00	149	555.86

10	Gray, Annie Mae

1023 "D" St., L.V.	590.00	149	555.86

11	Harris, Flenerte & Earlie Mae

718 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	149	555.86

12	Harris, David & Rosie

1310 N. "B" St., L.V.	710.00	148	710.00

BLOCK 19 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Calhoun, Melvin O., Jones, Addie May

206	Jackson Ave., L.V.	710.00	148	710.00

2	Same as above	590.00	1,390.00	149	555.86

3	Johnson, Isaac Huey

210	Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,250.00	149	555.86

4	Fowler, Luther

214 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,230.00	149	555.86

5	Johnson, Gladys

216	Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	820.00	149	555.86

6	Mitchell, Edward & Willie May

222 Jackson Ave., L.V.	710.00	820.00	l48	799.73

7	Garner, Mary

204	Madison Ave., L.V.	710.00	148	710.00

8	Miller, Harris & Errie

217	Van Buren	Ave.,L.V.	590.00	1,690.00	149	555.86

9	Williams,L.C., R.C., J.C., Lee,

211	Van Buren	Ave.,L.V.	590.00	660.00	149	555.86

10	Same as above	590.00	560-00	149	555.86

11	Gant, Nancy & Hary

205	Van Buren	Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,290.00	149	555.86

12	Coleman, Willie & Annie Smith

1423 "B" St.,	L.V.	710.00	4,100.00	148	799.73

BLOCK 20 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Church: of Living God -Trustees: J.B.

Mason, W.D. Starnes, H.M. Overton, M. Ross,

D.V. Warren, M.L. Malene & A. Palmer

124	S. 3rd St., L.V.	710.00	l48	710.00

2	Same as above	590.00	149	555.86

3	Powell, Andrew & Stella

1123 "C" St., L.V.	590.00	360.00	149	555.86

4	Wheatley, Terry & Abery

212	Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,500.00	149	555.86

5	Jackson, Lee & Mable

222 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	149	555.86

6	T te, Hazel & Cleveland

222 Van Buren Ave.,L.V.	710.00	1,130.00	148	799.73

7	Crockett, Johnnie

316 Jackson Ave.,L.V.	710.00	290.00	368	833.41

8	Same as above	590.00	290.00	367	589.53

9	Nunn, Lula Bell

1516 N. "C" St.,L.V.	590.00	820.00	367	589.53

10	McDonald, O.C.& Alice	590.00	550.00	367	589.53

11	Same as above	590.00	2,060.00	367	589.53

12	Same as above	710.00	2,060.00	368	833.41

BLOCK 21 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

ALL	School: Las Vegas Grammar

Las Vegas, Nevada	2,900.00	189	2,795.75

BLOCK 22 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1-4-56
LOT#	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS       FORMULA FINAL COST

11	Painter, Nettie

119 Jackson Aye., L.V.	590.00	50.00	149	555.86

12	Shaw, Harry P. & Everline

109 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	180.00	149	555.86

13	Allen, John & Alma

107	Jackson	Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	600.00	150	562.15

l4	Addison, David & Roxie

10$	Jackson	Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	100.00	150	562.15

15 (E 25')	Junier, Semp & Ethel B.

103	Jackson Ave., L.V.	295.00	361	281.07

15 (W 258)	Dilligard, Douglas & Rose Marie

103	Jackson	Ave.,	L.V.	295.00	100.00	361	281.07

16	Burks, Walter & Margaret

101	Jackson	Ave.,	L.V.	400.00	500.00	185	548.10

BLOCK 26 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Cole, Thomas & Blanch

1201 "A" St., L.V.	930.00	2,270.00	223	978.64

2	Tigner, Newton W. d: Mamie

104 Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,770.00	150	562.15

3	Davis, Minnie

110	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	770.00	1$0	562.15

4	Fertsen, Perry & Maple

116 Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,275.00	221	558.86

5	Same	as	above	590.00	1,275.00	11$	558.86

6	Lisby, Lee H. & Willie A.

124 Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,405.00	115	555.86

7	Same	as	above	710.00	2,405.00	116	799.73

8	Sandifer, Turley L. & Lubirtha

125 Monroe	Ave.,	L.V.	710.00	980.00	103	806.47

$	Same	as	above	590.00	980.00	102	562.59

10	Leverette, Frank

121 Monroe	Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	800.00	102	562.59

11	Parker, C.C. & Emma

115 Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,070.00	220	562.59

12	Ward, Reel & Elizabeth

111	Monroe Ave., L.V.	590.00	940.00	l45	568.88

13	Howard, Mose & Mattie

111	Monroe Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	330.00	l45	568.88

14	Church:	Pilgrim Rest Baptist

General Delivery, L.V.	1,010.00	900.00	222	1,052.83

BLOCK 27 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Johnson, Johnie & Frances
Johnson, Johnny Elbert

102	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	825.00	1,100.00	225	897.12

2	Mallett, Fannie	590.00	2,620.00	150	562.15

3	Morgan, James & Lillian
450 West 2nd South

Salt Lake City, Utah	590.00	33$.00	150	562.15

4	Same as above	590.00	33$.00	221	555.96

$	Howard, Estella

114 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,360.00	11$	555.86

6	Nolan, Ernest David & Sewilla

118 Jefferson Aye., L.V.	590.00	850.00	11$	555.86

7	Lee, Ike

1102 "B" St., L.V.	710.00	1,500.00	116	799.73

8	Williams, Wesley

=	115 Madison Aye., L.V.	710.00	1,665.00	116	799.73

$	Same as above	590.00	1,665.00	11$	555.86

10	McDowell, Frances

117	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	640.00	11$	$$$.86

11	White, Joe & Mary Alice

121 Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,100.00	221	558.96

12	Robinson, Elijah & Mary

10$ Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,330.00	150	562.15

13	Coleman, Fletcher C. & Mattie Jane

10$ Madison Aye., L.V.	590.00	1,830.00	150	562.15

14	Monroe, George & Mary

1108 "A" St., L.V.	910.00	2,900.00	224	963.43

BLOCK 28 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Kirk, Howard & Calen Laverne

100 Adams Aye., L.V.	720.00	1,500.00	227	817.83

2	Gray, Willie B. & Evelyn

106 Adams Ave., L.V.	590.00	580.00	150	562.15

3	Moore, Henry J. & Deborah L.

$30 Avenue "H", Boulder	City, Nevada             590.00	1,070.00	1$0	562.15

4	Prentiss, William & Dorothy

General Delivery, L.V.	590.00	2,250.00	221	558.96

5	Washington, Willie & Nellie

121; Adams Ave.,L.V.	590.00	730.00	115	555.86

6	Same as above	590.00	1,770.00	115	555.86

7	Washington, Nellie

124 Adams Ave., L.V.	710.00	1,690.00	116	799.73

8	Matthews, Earl & Jessie M.

12$ Jefferson Ave., L.V.	710.00	1,355.00	116	799.73

$	Same as above	590.00	1,355.00	11$	555.86

10	Halliburton, Ira & Hattie

117 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,355.00	11$	555.86

l-4-56
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA FINAL COST

11	Same as above	590.00	221	558.96

12	Wilson, Dave & Nellie	Lee

Wilson, Charlie & Gertrude

213	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	680.00	150	562.15

13	Same as above	590.00	680.00	150	562.15

14	Owens, Alan & Willie	Mae

316 Adams Ave., L.V.	810.00	1,150.00	226	883.60

BLOCK 29 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Webb, Ernest & Mattie	B

100	Washington Ave., L.V.	330.00	1,010.00	234	579.37

2	Same	as	above	295.00	1,010.00	228	365.27

3	(E	Same	as	above	150.00	490.00	348	182.65

3	(W	Edwards, Ed

108 Washington Ave., L.V.	150.00	270.00	348	182.65

b	Same as above	295.00	540.00	228	365.27

3	Same as above                                   295.00 		  530.00 	      228 	365.27

6	Ceuyette, Mae

110	Washington Ave., L.V.	295.00	1,260.00	228	365.27

7	Same	as	above	295.00	1,260.00	228	365.27

8	Clasby, Adeline

1601 N. "A" St., L.V.	295.00	605.00	230	374.09

9	Same	as	above	295.00	605.00	229	362.13

10	Collins, Goldie C.

Cail, Carmen M.

120	Washington Ave., L.V.	295.00	390.00	229	362.13

11	Same	as	above	295.00	390.00	229	362.13

12	Same	as	above	295.00	390.00	229	362.13

13	Wheeler, Vern (V.G.)

903 "B" St., L.V.	295.00	133.00	229	362.13

l4	Same	as	above	355.00	133.00	232	510.00

15	Ramsey,	James

123 Adams Ave., L.V.	355.00	910.00	45	521.83

16	Same	as	above	295.00	910.00	44	277.95

17	Jackson,	Mae Ola

123	Adams	Ave.,	L.V.	295.00	990.00	44	277.95

18	McGhee,	Alonzo

818 N. "I" St.,	L.V.	295.00	605.00	44	277.95

19	Same	as	above	295.00	605.00	44	277.95

20	Abbott,	Anton & Nellie

112	Adams	Ave.,	L.V.	295.00	950.00	44	277.95

21	Same	as	above	295.00	950.00	231	287.13

22	Abbott,	Anton M. & Nellie

112 Adams	Ave.,	L.V.	295.00	270.00	13	281.09

23	Same as	above	295.00	13	281.09

24	Same as	above	295.00	13	281.09

25	Sexton,	Wilma

107 Adams Ave.,L.V.	295.00	565.00	13	281.09

26	Same	as	above	295.00	565.00	13	281.09

27	Johnson,	Helmer & Emma

103	Adams Ave., L.V.	295.00	290.00	13	281.09

28	Same	as	above	410.00	290.00	233	566.29

BLOCK'B" VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

(68)

Unsub. parcel lying
N of Owens & E of
"D" St. with a
frontage of 723' on

Owens	Malone,	Clem & Frances

Box 908, L.V.	2,045.00	1,080.00	130	3,123.00

(70)

Unsub. parcel lying
N of Owens & W of
"D" St. with a
frontage of 643-5l'

on Owens	Same as above	2,250.00	1,195.00	129	3,445.00

(69)

Unsub. parcel lying
N of Owens between
"F" & "H" Sts. with
a frontage of 310'

on Owens	Same as above	1,530.00	810.00	128	2,340.00

(7)

Unsub. parcel lying
N of Owens & E of
"H" St. with a
frontage of 127.bl'

on Owens	Same as above	1,825.00	965.00	127	925.58

UNSUBDIVIDED PART S½ 22-20-61 lying N of Owens Ave. between "A" & "H" Sts.

(108)

Unsub. parcel lying
E of "A" St. & N
of Madison with a
frontage of 30' on

"A" St.	Gordon, Earl & Sammie

Clark, Otis & Abbie M.	170.00	2,830.00	138	336.29
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA FINAL COST

(11)

Unsub. parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Madison & Jackson
with a frontage on
"A" St. of 162'

Chasen, Max

173b S. Main St., L.V.	1,310.00	4,890.00	139	1,089.39

(112)

Unsub. parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Monroe & Jackson
with a frontage of
30' on "A" St.

Christian, Willie & Leona

1313 N. "A" St., L.V.	360.00	430.00	138	336.29

(80)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
M&nroe & Jackson
with a frontage of
50' on "A" St.

Teney, Theade Johnson & Bertha

=	122 S. bth St., L.V.	360.00	2,810.00	138	336.29

(79)

Unsub .parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Monroe & Jackson with
a frontage of 50' on
"A" St.

Curtis, Edward & Patsy

1317 "A" St., L.V.	310.00	850.00	138	336.29

(78)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Monroe & Jackson with
a frontage of 50' on
"A" St.

Walker, Sadie

1316 N. "A" St.,L.V.	310.00	680.00	138	336.29

(7)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Monroe & Van Buren
with a frontage of
242' on "A" St.

Ball, Emily Ellen

Box 373, L.V.	1,000.00	580.00	140	1,380.00

(9) (30) (123)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Jackson & Van Buren
with a frontage of
194' on "A" St.

Simons, B.A.

= Jean, Nevada	l,l40.00	3,090.00	l4l	l,304.80

(160)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Van Buren & Harrison
with a frontage of
200' on "A" St.

Edelstein,Harold	1,530.00	l42	1,345.l6

(8)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Van Buren & Owens
with a frontage of
316' on "A" St.

Brown, Ancel O.	1,120.00	l,340.00	l43	2,125.35

UNSUBDIVIDED PART N½ NE¼ 27-20-61 lying E of "A" St. between Madison & Owens Aves.

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Washington & Adams
with a frontage of
40' on "A" St.

Stewart, Eliza J.
c/o Evelyn Martin

Box l45, L.V.	85.00	132	85.00

(161)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Washington & Adams
with a frontage of
192' on "A" St.

Portner, Ora R. & Marie M.

504 E N. 6th St., L.V.	470.00	3,150.00	133	1,291.33

l-4-56
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA FINAL COST

(2)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. between
Washington & Adams
with a frontage of
120' on "A" St.

Ferguson, Paul
Ferguson, F.R. & Gladys

1412 Carson Ave., L.V.	2,030.00	18,880.00	134	807.09

(168)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. b
& N of Adams with
a frontage of 415'
on "A" St.

Chasen, Max

1734 S. Main, L.V.	1,310.00	4,890.00	135	2,791.20

(45)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. & N of
Jefferson with a
frontage of 75' on
"A" St.

Gibbs, Bert

1111 N. "A" St.,L.V.	85.00	4O.00	136	125.00

(10)

Unsub.parcel lying
E of "A" St. & N of
Jefferson with a
frontage of 445' on
"A" St.

Same as above	2,415.00	1,070.00	137	2,992.98

UNSUBDIVIDED PART S½ ne¼ 27-20-61 lying E of "A" St. between Washington & Madison
(156)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Monroe & Jackson with
a frontage of 43.75'
on "H" St.

Barker, Hosie & Effie

General Delivery, L.V.	840.00	1,350.00	123	459.27

(118)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Jackson & Van Buren
with a frontage of
50' on "H" St.

Barren, Excell J.

l40l "H" St., L.V.	1,230.00	220.00	99	524.86

(l46)

Unsubd.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Jackson & Van Buren
with a frontage of
198' on "H" St.

Garner, Ernest & Ola

l4l7 "H" St., L.V.	2,590.00	1,160.00	124	2,078.47

(116)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Van Buren & Harrison
with a frontage of
100' on "H" St.

Harden, Foster J.

1511 "H" St., L.V.	360.00	420.00	125	780.00

(164)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Van Buren & Harrison
with a frontage of
100' on "H" St.

Thomas, Jack & Louise

300 Van Buren Aye., L.V.	210.00	125	210.00

(73)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Van Buren & Harrison
with a frontage of
360' on "H" St.

Baker, & Hazard, Inc.

Box 2069, L.V.	5,000.00	126	3,779.05

(l54)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Madison & Monroe with
a frontage of 50' on
"H" Street

Davis, O'Dwyer & Pauline

712 Jefferson Ave., L.V.=	220.00	300.00	99	520.00


LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA FINAL COST

(93)

Unsubdivided parcel
lying W of "H" St.
between Madison &

Monroe with a front-
age of 25' on "H" St.

Logan,Mrs. Ira

Box 342, L.V.	860.00	121	262.43

(8?)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Monroe & Jackson
with a frontage of
50' on "H" St.

Mitchell, Minnie
509 - 23rd Ave. No.

Seattle, Washington	580.00	99	524.86

(234)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Monroe & Jackson
with a frontage of
50' on "H" St.

Collins, Nathaniel & Margie

4l6 Monroe Ave., L.V.	220.00	99	220.00

(235)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Monroe & Jackson with
a frontage of 50' on
"H" St.

Coleman, Samuel & Carrie Lee

114 Jefferson Ave., L.V.	220.00	99	220.00

(110)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Monroe & Jackson with
a frontage of 68.75'
on "H" St.

Maxwell, Annie

1325 "H" St.,L.V.	1,380.00	1,040.00	122	721.70

UNSUBDIVIDED PART N½ NE¼ 28-20-61 lying West of "H" St. between Madison & Harrison Aves.

(175)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St.
between Adams &

Madison with a front-
age of 59.1' on "H" St.

Scott, David Lee & Thelma Lee

1011 "H" St. L.V.	270.00	4,730.00	98	620.39

(160)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 59.1'
on "H" St.

Moody, Herman & Magnolia

324 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	300.00	4,760.00	98	620.39

(270)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 50'
on "H" St.

Cooper, James & Emma Lee

1023½ N. "H" St., L.V.	190.00	3,730.00	99	524.86

(193)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 59.1'
on "H" St.

Lockett, Curly & Edna

713	Adams Ave. L.V.	290.00	3,380.00	98	620.39

(196)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St.between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 59.1'
on "H" St.

Shelton, Dennie & Fredia Mae

904 "A" St., L.V.	260.00	2,060.00	98	620.39

(197)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Adams & Madison with
a. frontage of 59.1'
on "H" St.

Bishop, John W. & Marguerite

1004 "B" St., L.V.	260.00	2,930.00	98	620.39
LOT#	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS    FORMULA	FINAL COST

(142)

Unsub.parcel lying
N of Washington & W
of "H" St. with a
frontage of l40' on
"H" St.

Johnson, R.M. & Elvessie

408 Van Buren Aye. L.V.=	550.00	95	550.00

(153)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Washington & Adams
with a frontage of
105' on "H" St.

Bowie, James A. & Ollie L.

Box 1541, L.V.	470.00	1,990.00	96	1,102.22

(165)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Washington & Adams
with a frontage of
49.21' on "H" St.

Curtis, Thos.& Arleather

923 "H" St., L.V.	310.00	920.00	97	516.58

(163)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 59.1'
on "H" St.

Windem, L.C. & Jessie Lee

1011 "H" St.,L.V.	270.00	1,990.00	98	620.39

(176)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 59.1'
on "H" St.

Rankin, Rebecca

1007 "H" St., L.V.	270.00	2,345.00	98	620.39

(185)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 59.1'

on "H" St.	Scott, David Lee & Thelma Lee

1011 "H" St., L.V.	270.00	2,630.00	98	620.39

(183)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 59.1'
on "H" St.

Jones, Burley

208 Stewart Ave., L.V.	270.00	1,500.00	98	620.39

(191)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St.between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 59.1'
on "H" St.

Evergree Missionary
Baptist Church
c/o Judge Smith

112 "E" St., L.V.	100.00	2,750.00	98	620.39

(243)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Adams & Madison with
a frontage of 59.1'
on "H" St.

Helbert, Elgin	350.00	98	350.00

UNSUBDIVIDED PART S½ NE¼ 28-20-61 lying West of "H" St. between Washington & Adams

(2)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. & N of
Bonanza. Rd. with a
frontage of 140' on
"H" St.

Haggard, J.A.

Box 1486, L.V.	7,550.00	386	737.05

(228)

Unsub.parcel lying
N of Bonanza Rd. &

W of St. with a
frontage of 195' on
"H" St.

55,100.00 	279,205.00 		82 		1075.14
LOT #	PROPERTY OWNERS	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS FORMULA FINAL COST

(4)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Wilson & McWilliams
with a frontage of
167.5' on "H" St.

Shulman, Edna

241 S. Beverly Dr.

Beverly Hills, Calif	2,125.00	610.00	83	1,284.50

(5)

Unsub.parcel lying
W of "H" St. between
Wilson & McWilliams
with a frontage of
130' on "H" St.

Same as above	690.00	1,470.00	84	996.92

(249)

Unsub.parcel lying
S of "H" St. between
Wilson & McWilliams
with a frontage of
37.5' on "H" St.

Same as above	180.00	85	180.00

Final Roll Total	$624,448.72

UNSUBDIVIDED PART N½ SE¼ 28-20-61 lying West of "H" St. between Bonanza Rd. & Washington Ave.,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution directing notification of
property owners of the amount of assessment in District No. 100-36 be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets and parts
of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-36 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, the Assessment Roll No. 34-1955 has been duly confirmed on the
	4th day of January, 1956; and

WHEREAS, Section 15 of Ordinance No. 665 provides for a cash payment
period from the date of such confirmation; and

WHEREAS, the time has now come to notify the owners of the premises as-
sessed that they may within said period of two weeks pay the full assessment
in cash,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof, held on the 4th day of January, 1956,
that the Director of Finance of the City of Las Vegas, in place of the County
Assessor, Ex-Officio City Assessor, be and he hereby is directed to notify in
writing all owners of the property assessed that they may pay said assessment
in full within said period of two weeks.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 4th day of January, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolutions setting the public hearing

NO. 200-17	on the revised Assessment Roll for Assessment District No. 200-17 be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 666, passed, adopted and approved the 21st day of September, 1955.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 666 directs the County
Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-Officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an assessment roll in accordance with
the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-Officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment
Roll in accordance with said Ordinance and a resolution of this Board adopted
December 29, 1955 and on the 4th day of January, 1956, filed said new Assess-
ment Roll with City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed in Section
6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 666; and
WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assess
ment to be published as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting held on the 4th day of January, 1956,
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is
hereby is directed to publish notice of the time and place when and where the
Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to con-
sider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be
published once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be
in substantially the form attached to this Resolution and made a part thereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 4th day of January, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION - Lien	Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution concerning the filing of a lien

Clifton Ream	on the Clifton Ream property be adopted"

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas pursuant to the Charter of said City and
a Judgment of the Eighth Judicial Court (District) of the State of Nevada, In
and For the County of Clark in Case No. 66542, Department No. 2, entitled:

City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a Municipal Corporation, Plaintiff, vs. Clifton Ream
and Mary M. Ream, Defendants, abated a nuisance on the premises hereinafter de-
scribed: and

WHEREAS, a verified statement of the work done, and all expenses and costs
incurred in the abatement of said nuisance has been filed with the City Clerk; and

WHEREAS, such costs and expenses were proper and should be charged against
the above mentioned persons and against the hereinafter described premises,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof, held the 4th day of January, 1956,
as follows:

1.	That said verified statement of the costs and expenses of abating
said nuisance in the amount of $462.43 be and the same hereby is
determined to be proper.

2.	Th&t the name of the persons chargeable with said costs are Clifton
Ream and Mary M. Ream.

3.	That the legal description of the premises to be assessed is:

Lots 12 and 13, Block 1, Amended Plat of Highland Park Tract as
shown in Book 2 of Plats, Page 14, official records of the County
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada.

4.	That the City Clerk be, and she hereby is directed to transfer a
certified copy of this Resolution, with said statement attached,
to the County Assessor, Ex-officio City Assessor, for assessment,
and the said County Assessor, Ex-officio City Assessor, shall
make an assessment roll, and levy a special assessment upon the
said premises and against the persons chargeable therewith in the
manner (same) as is provided by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas for the collection of special assessments.

DATED:	January 4, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWAGE DISPOSAL	City Attorney Cannon reported t&at the U.S. Government had received a judgment

PLANT	against the City in the amount of $29,500.00 for final payment on the sewage

Government Judgment	disposal plant. He requested advice whether or not the City wished to appeal

	this case.

Commissioner Bunker moved that payment of the judgment to the United States
Government, plus interest required be authorized on the condition that a deed
to the property be delivered to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
GARBAGE CONTRACT	Commissioner Bunker moved the modification of the contract with the Southern

Modified	Nevada Disposal Service for the collection of garbage be approved and the

Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS

	Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail

	sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS

ABC GARAGE	721 South Main	Sutton Vending

AMBASSADOR MOTEL	900 Fremont	"	"

ALASKA MOTEL	1208 South 5th	"	"

AMERICAN LINEN SUPPLY	1001 South 1st	"	"

ANDY'S LIQUOR STORE	420 Jackson	"	"

AQUA HOTEL	1401 South 5th	"	"

ASKEW DRIVE INN	2222 Fremont	"	"

ATOMIC LIQUORS	918 Fremont	"	"

BABY BEEF CAFE	4l6 W.Bonanza	"	"

BABY BEEF MARKET	926 North Main	"	"

BACON'S MOBILE SERVICE	10th & Fremont	"	"

BAGDAD INN	2211 South 5th	"	"

BALTIMORE ARMS	121 Baltimore	"	"

BANK CLUB	2300 E. Charleston	"	"

BARTENDERS UNION HALL	114½ South 1st	"	"

BOB BASKIN'S RESTAURANT	116 North 5th	"	"

BEN'S TEXACO	131 South Main	"	"

BEVERLY HOTEL	216 South 6th	"	"

BILL'S MOBILE SERVICE	1601 D Street	"	"

BILL'S TEXACO SERVICE	1401 North 5th	"	"

BLACKETT' S DRIVE INN	2110 South 5th	"	"

BLAKELY'S SERVICE STA.	1801 Fremont	"	"

BLISS OLD FASHIONED ICE CREAM	1401 North 5th	"	"

BLUEBIRD CAFE	211 North 3rd	"	"

BONANZA LIQUOR	4l8 W. Bonanza	"	"

BONANZA SERVICE STATION	722 W. Bonanza	"	"

BOULDER CLUB	118 Fremont	"	"

BOULDER MOTEL	1132 South 5th	"	"

B.P.O.E.	128	South	3rd	"	"

BROWN DERBY	320 Monroe Avenue	"	"

BROWNIE'S SERVICE	210 North Main	"	"

BUCKLEY ARCADE	20 Fremont	"	"

BUDS LAUNDROMAT	1615 Fremont	"	"

BURLINGTON TRAILWAYS	132	South	2nd	"	"

BUSY BEE CAFE	105	North	1st	"	"

CALIFORNIA CLUB	101 Fremont	"	"

CARPENTERS HALL	2035 E. Charleston

CASHMANS GARAGE	109	North	Main	"	"

central fiRE STATION	320	North	2nd	"	"

CHARLESTON LIQUOR	13 W. Charleston	"

CHARLEY'S LIQUOR STORE	1511 South Main	"	"

CHAT 'N CHEW	1039 South Main	"

CHATTERBOX	2 Fremont	"	"

CHICADEE TAVERN	600 Jackson	"	"

CHIEF MOTEL COURT	1201 Fremont	"	"

CINNABAR	122 North 2nd	"	"

CIRCUS ROOM	503 Fremont	"	"

CITY GARAGE	801 W. Bonanza	"	"

CITY HALL	5th & Stewart	"

CLEVELAND ARMS	130 Cleveland	"	"

COFFEE BOBS	127 South 2nd	"	"

COMMUNITY CHEVROLET	Charleston & Maryland Pkway "	"

CONEY ISLAND	4l2 South 2nd	"	"

COURT HOUSE	3rd & Carson	"

CRYSTAL CAFE	133 North 3rd	"	"

CUNNINGHAMS CAFE	225 North 1st	"	"

JIM CUSICKS SERVICE	800 W.Bonanza	"	"

D & D DRIVE INN	530 North Main	"	"

DAN DEE BAR	203 North 1st	"	"

DELUXE AUTO COURT	1701 South 5th	"	"

DERBY TURF CLUB	113 South 1st	"	"

DESERT MOTEL	1960 South Main	"	"

DESERT MOTORS	1205 South 5th	"

DESERT POULTRY	1506 South Main	"	"

DESERT SNACK BAR	222 North Main	"	"

DESERT MOON MOTEL	1701 Fremont	"	"

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	24 Fremont	"	"

DOMINO'S MOTEL	1621 South Main	"	"

DON & BOB'S	900 South 5th	"	"

DOS'S MOBIL SERVICE	1301 Charleston	"	"

DOWNTOWN CIVIC & SOCIAL	126½ North 1st	"	"

E.G. & G.	222 W. Charleston	"	"

EL CHOLO CAFE	510 South 5th	"	"

ELWELL HOTEL	1st & Carson	"	"

EL PONTE'S CAFE	727 South 5th	"	"

EL SOMBRERO	807 South Main	"	"

ESQUIRE BAR	120 South 2nd	"	"

EVAN'S UNION OIL	5th & Charleston	"	"

FAIR PRICE MOTEL	1322 Fremont	"	"

FIFTH STREET CAFE	825 South 5th	"	"

FILIPO'S	6l4 South 5th	"	"
FIRESTONE STORE	400 North Main	Sutton Vending

FIRST NATIONAL BANK	115 South 3rd

FLEETLINE INC.	1500 South A	"	"

FORD GARAGE	5th & Stewart

FORTUNE CLUB	109 Fremont

FOXY'S DELICATESSEN	2423 South 5th

FRANKLIN MOTEL	1028 Fremont

FREMONT TEXACO	15th & Fremont

FRIENDLY LIQUOR STORE	6l6 W. Bonanza

FROSTY'S CONE	408 North 5th	"

FRY'S RICHFIELD SERVICE	5th & Fremont

GALEN'S LIQUOR S	1216 South Main	"

GILBERT BROTHERS	406 W. Bonanza

GLENN VEGAS MOTEL	2233 South 5th

GOLDEN GATE CLUB	1 Fremont

GOLDRING'S BUFFETERIA	17 Fremont	"

H & O GARAGE	1715 Fremont

HAMBURGER HEAVEN	1215 E Street	"	"

HICKMAN'S UNION OIL	320 North Main	"

HICKORY WOOD BAR-B-Q	315 Fremont

HIGGINS MOTEL	1801 South 5th	"

HOLIDAY INN	2205 South 5th	"

HOME DINING ROOM	415 Jackson	"

HOME LUMBER CO.	430 North Main	"	"

HORSESHOE CLUB	128 Fremont	"

HOUSE OF LOUIE	227 North 5th	"	"

HUNTRIDGE LIQUORS	1301 E. Charleston

IDEE HOUR	17 Ogden	"	"

IMPERIAL MOTORS	1325 South Main	"

IMPORT MOTORS	1600 Fremont	"	"

ITALIAN GRILL		120 North 2nd	"

JACKPOT MOTEL	1600 South 2nd

JACKSON'S SANDWICH SHOP	415 Jackson	"

JENNING'S GARAGE	111 Ogden	"	"

JIMMY'S RICHFIELD	420 Jackson	"	"

JIMMY'S LIQUORS	1314 E Street	"	"

JIM TATUM'S CAFE	1601 E Street	"	"

JOHNSON'S CHEVRON	1328 South 5th	"	"

JONES BOYS SERVICE	815 North Main	"	"

JONES BROS	2240 Fremont	"	"

KEYHOLE BAR	13 Fremont	"	"

KING'S RESTAURANT	1100 Fremont	"	"

HOST'S MOBILE OIL	1000 South Main	"

KURTS BONANZA SERVICE	South 5th	"

L & W CAFE	18 Garces	"	"

LA PALOMA MOTEL	717 North 5th	"	"

LOS GABLES MOTEL	1301 Fremont	"	"

LAS VEGAS CLUB	18 Fremont	"	"

LAS VEGAS HOSPITAL	201 North 8th	"	"

LAS VEGAS MOTEL	1200 Fremont	"	*

LAS VEGAS-RENO-TONOPAH STAGES	l0th & Fremont	"

LINCOLN MERCURY	2000 South 5th	"	"

LIDO BAR	107 North 1st	"	"

LITTLE KITCHEN	l608 Fremont	"	"

LOG CABIN BAR	122 North 1st	"	"

LOUISIANNA CLUB	E & Jackson	"	"

LUCKY MOTEL	1111 Fremont	"	"

LUCKY STRIKE CLUB	117 Fremont	"	"

MAC DONALD HOTEL	208 North 5th	"	"

MAIN ST. LAUNDRCMAT	1201 South Main	"	"

MAIN TEXACO SERVICE	901 South Main	"	"

MANHATTAN MOTEL	1130 South 2nd	"	"

MC DANIEL GARAGE	132 North 1st	"	"

MEADOWS CAFE	1401 Fremont	"	"

MEL'S ROOT BEER	603 Carson	"	"

MILKWAY CAFE	1202 South Main	"	"

MOBIL SERVICE	1000 North D	"	"

MONTE CARLO CLUB	15 Fremont	"	"

MONTE CARLO COFFEE SHOP	1600 South Main	"	"

MONTEREY LODGE	1133 South 5th	"	"

MOTORCYCLE SHOP	716 Stewart	"	"

MOULIN ROUGE MOTEL	900 W.Bonanza	"	"

MT. VIEW TRAILER PARK	1215 North 5th	"	"

MUSICIANS UNION HALL	l6ll Fremont	"	"

NAEGLES SIGNAL SERVICE	19th & Fremont	"	"

NASH VEGAS	1631 Fremont	"	"

NERGERS MOBIL OIL	224 North Main	"	"

NEVADA CLUB	113 Fremont	"	"

NEVADA LAUNDRY	1530 South A	"	"

NEVADA ROCM	116	North 2nd	"	"

NEVADA THEATERS INC.	1201 Maryland Parkway	"	"

NEW VEGAS LANES	125 South 2nd	"	"

NEW YORKER	115 South 1st	"	"

NINTH & FREMONT HOTEL	117 North 9th	"	"

9TH STREET SUPER SERVICE	9th & Fremont	"

NORMANDIE MOTEL	708 South 5th	"	"

O'BRIENS LIQUOR STORE	1311 E. Charleston	"	"

OPACO LUMBER	103 W. Charleston	"	"

ORANGE RUFUS	400 Fremont	"	"

OUTPOST MOTEL	1600 South 5th	"	"

OVERLAND ARCADE	4 Fremont	"	"

OVERLAND HOTEL	101 North Main	"	"

PAR-A-DICE MOTEL	2217 Fremont	"	"

PARK HOTEL	232 South 2nd	"	"

LUCKY PARKING LOT	2nd & Ogden	"	"
PHILLIPS TEXACO SERVICE	901	South 5th	Sutton Vending

PIONEER CLUB	25 Fremont

PLUMBERS UNION HALL	714 South 1st	"

POST OFFICE	301 Stewart

POST' S UNION OIL	4l0 W. Charleston	"	"

PROFESSIONAL DRUG	421 Fremont

QUALITY CAFE	ll8½ North 1st	"	"

RANCHO ANITA MOTEL	2121 South 5th	"	"

RANCH INN MOTEL	710 North 5th	"

RANDLES CAFE	1320 E Street	"	"

RED & WHITE CAFE	801 South 1st	"	"

REVIEW JOURNAL	737 North Main	"	"

RICHFIELD SERVICE 5th &	5th & Clark

RICHFIELD SERVICE	10th & Fremont

FICHFIELD TRUCK TERMINAL	629 South Main	"	"

ROULETTE MOTEL	2019 Fremont	"	"

RUMMELL MOTEL	1800 South 5th	"	"

RYP'S	132 South 5th	"	**

SAFARI MOTEL	2001 Fremont

SAVE ON LIQUOR	502 North Main	"	"

SAVEWAY SERVICE STATION	1736 South 5th	"	"

SAVEWAY SUPER SERVICE	735 North 5th	"	"

SEARS ROEBUCK	600 Fremont	"	"

SELEX COFFEE SHOP	209 North Main	"	"

SELLMANS AUTO CO	801 Fremont	"	"

SEVEN-UP BOTTLING CO.	307 W. Charleston	"

SHAMROCK HOTEL	600 North Main	"	"

SHANGRI-LA CAFE	216 Stewart	"	"

SHELL TRIANGLE SERVICE	1830 South 5th	"	"

SHELL SERVICE STATEION	1031 E.Charleston	"	"

SILVER CLUB	505½ Jackson	"	"

SILVER STATE LODGE	320 Jackson	"

SILVER STATE SERVICE	1426 South 5th	"	"

SICTH & CARSON HOTEL	6th & Carson	"	"

SKATING RINK	W. Charleston	"	"

SKILLET CAFE	1510 South Main	"	"

SKY RANCH MOTEL	2009 Fremont	"	"

SNAX 5TH AVENUE	417 South 5th	"	"

SNYDER's DRIVE INN	2011 South 5th	"	"

SOUTHERN NEVADA DISPOSAL	1300 North A	"	"

SOUTHERN NEVADA MEMORIAL	1800 W. Charleston	"	"

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER CO.	4th & Stewart	"	"

SPOT CAFE	1000 South Main	"	"

SPUDNUTS	833 Ogden	"	"

 STANDARD STATION	l4th & Fremont	"	"

STANDARD STATION	1201 E.Charleston	"	"

STANDARD STATION	201 North Main	"	"

STANDARD STATION	301 South 5th	"	"

STANDARD STATION	431 E. Fremont	"	"

STAN'S CAFE	1525 Fremont	"	"

STATE BUILDING	2nd & Bonanza	"	"

STEAK HOUSE	113 South 1st	"	"

STEEN'S DELICATESSEN	1234 South 5th	"	"

STRIP COFFEE SHOP	1328 South 5th	"	"

STRIP MOTEL	201 E. Utah	"	"

SULINDA MOTEL	2035 South 5th	"	"

SUN'N SAND MOTEL	2200 South 5th	"	"

SUNSET LIQUOR STORE	1027 South Main	"	"

SWINGING DOOR SALOON	111 North 1st	"	"

TAMPICO CAFE	127 South Main	"	"

TANNER MOTOR TOURS	South A	"	"

TASTY PASTRY	2226 E. Charleston	"	"

TEAMSTER'S LOCAL #637	307 Wall St.	"	"

TELL 'N TOTE	1002 South 4th	"	"

TEN PIN TAVERN	123 South 2nd	".	"

THREE MINUTES CAR WASH	701 South 5th	"	"

TIDEWATER ASSOCIATE	13th & Fremont	"	"

TOWN HOUSE	220 North 2nd	"	"

TRAVELERS MOTEL	1100 Fremont	"	"

UNION OIL SERVICE	1129 E. Charleston

UNION HOTEL VICE	227 South Main	"

U.S.O.	213 North 3rd	"

UTOCO SERVICE	1101 E. Charleston	"	"

V.F.W.	North 5th	"	"

VAGABOND MOTEL	1919 Fremont	"	"

VEGAS BILTMORE MOTEL	120 Cleveland	"	"

VEGAS LINEN	701 South 1st	"	"

VENETIAN PIZZERIA	1980 Fremont	"	"

VIC'S ICE CREAM	10th & Charleston	"	"

WARD'S MOBIL SERVICE	5th & Ogden	"	"

WEAVERS CHEVRON SERVICE	1100 South Main	"	"

WESTERNER CLUB	23 Fremont	"	"

WING'S CAFE	1st & Ogden	"	"

WALKER UNION OIL	Cleveland	"	"

WAYNE'S AUTO BODY	1730 South Main	"	"

TED WIEN'S TEXACO	Main & Charleston	"	"

WESTERN LAUNDRY	1205 Western	"	"

WHITE WAY LAUNDROMAT	609 Van Buren	"	"

WIN'S AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE	201 South 5th	"	"

WILSHIRE OIL	631 South 5th	"	"

WING'S CAFE	6 Fremont	"	"

WITTWER CAFE	700 North Main	"	"

WORTHEN'S UNION OIL	5th & Ogden	"	"

YUCCA MOTEL	1727 South 5th	"	"

STIVERS UNION OIL	1737 Fremont	"	"

MIDGET MART	1521 G Street	Etta Bullock

CALIFORNIA CLUB	101	Fremont	George Arquilla

ELITE MARKET	831	South Main	Earle Vause
LAS VEGAS VALLEY WATER	711 W. Bonanza	Sutton Vending

SAUCY PIG	2111 Fremont	"	"

LAS VEGAS SUN	900 South Main	"	"

GOLDEN SLOT	22 Fremont	"	"

EL TORO CAFE	504 Jackson	"	"

MELODIE LANE CAFE	234 Fremont	"	"

EL CORTEZ HOTEL	600 Fremont	"	"

LAS VEGAS BOWL	South 5th	"	"

COTTON CLUB	500 Jackson	J.A. Ewing'

RANCH MARKET INC.	F & Jackson	Louis Holt

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming
licenses for the first quarter of 1956 be approved in the same as for the
previous quarter:

GAMING APPLICATIONS

1st Quarter 1956

A. RENEWALS

ASKEW DRIVE INN	L.L. Snyder	2222 Fremont	4 slots

BOTTLE HOUSE	P.J. & John Buckley	827 South 5th	1 slot

BOULDER CLUB	By: J.K.Houssels	118 Fremont	132 slots

4 Craps
2 Roulette
6 "21"

1	Keno

1	Poker

2	Pan

1 Bridge

CALIFORNIA CLUB	By: George Arquilla	101 Fremont	101 slots

3	Craps

1 Faro Bank
3 "21"

1 Roulette
1 Chuck-a-Luck
1 Keno

COMMUNITY GROCERY	P.J. & John Buckley 	1208 D Street	2	slots

COREY'S CAFE	P.J. & John Buckley	400 Fremont	1	slot

CORK 'N BOTTLE	P.J. & John Buckley	508 Fremont	3	slots

DAN DEE BAR	Molly Fitzpatrick	203 North 1st	2	slots

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	P.J. & John Buckley	24 Fremont	1	slot

DOS'S MOBIL SERVICE	Cardinal & Sullivan	13th & Charleston	1	slot

ELITE MARKET	Earle E. Vause	831 South Main	3	slots

FOXY'S	Abe Fox	2423 South 5th	3	slots

HOLIDAY INN	Fred Worth	2205 South 5th	3	slots

HUNTRIDGE LIQUORS	W.L. Holst	1320 E. Charleston	8	slots

LAS VEGAS BOWL, INC.	H.C. Springston	1815 South 5th	16 slots

LAS VEGAS TONOPAH RENO STAGE LINES           Cardinal & Sullivan	10th & Stewart	4	slots

LINCOLN MARKET	Vaughn K. Leavitt	1500 South 5th	3	slots

LOG CABIN BAR	P.J. & John Buckley	122 North 1st	1	slot

NERGER's MOBIL SERVICE	Cardinal & Sullivan	Main & Stewart	1	slot

PEEPER'S VARIETY STORE	P.J. & John Buckley	2324 E. Charleston	1	slot

RYP'S CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	134 South 5th	4	slots

SKILLET CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	1519 South Main	3	slots

SNYDER'S	L.L.Snyder	2011 South 5th	3	slots

SPOT CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	1000 South Main	3	slots

SUNSET LIQUOR	Keith S. Richards	1027 South Main	6	slots

THRIFTY DRUG	Harry Tabak	317 Fremont	10 slots

TWIN LAKES LODGE	P.J. & John Buckley	Tonopah Highway	11 slot

TWIN LAKES LODGE	Lloyd St. John	Tonopah Highway	3	slots

GILBERT BROS. LIQUORS	320 W. Bonanza	Harry V.T. Gilbert	8	slots

GILBERT BROS. GROCERY	400 W. Bonanza	Harry V.T. Gilbert	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Chester Howard for the renewal of
the club liquor license of the American Legion at 730 North 2nd Street, formerly
located at the Helldorado Village, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Dave I. Jamison for a wholesale
beverage and importers license for Beverage Distributors, 727 North Main Street,
formerly issued to F.E. Wadsworth, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of liquor li-
cens be approved:

BOULDER CLUB	James L. Young	118 Fremont	Tavern

CALIFORNIA CLUB	George Arquilla	101 Fremont	Tavern

ELITE MARKET	Earle E. Vause	831 South Main	Ret. Bev.

FILIPO'S ITALIAN FOODS	Harriet Ciccelti	6l4 South 5th	Rest. Bev.

FOXY'S	Abe Fox	2423 South 5th	Rest. Bev.

GOLDRING'S BUFFETERIA	Les Goldring	17 Fremont	Rest. Bev.

HUNTRIDGE LIQUOR STORE	W.L. Holst	1320 E. Charleston 	 Ret.Liq.(Minia).

LAS VEGAS BOWL	H.G. Springston	1815 South 5th	Tavern

GAMING APPLICATION

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Change of Location

Change of Applicant
Renewals
LINCOLN MARKET	Vaughn K. Leavitt	1500 South 5th	Ret. Bev.

MCKESSON LIQUOR	R. E. Anderson	8ll North Main	Whse. Bev. & Impr.

PRIME MEATS & PROV.	Jack Wollenzien	820 South 5th	Ret. Bev.

SUNSET LIQUOR STORE	Keith S. Richards	1027 South Main	Ret. Liq. (Minia)

TWIN LAKES LODGE	Lloyd St. John	Tonopah Highway	Tavern

GILBERT BROS. LIQUORS & GROCERY      Harry V.T. Gilbert	320 W. Bonanza	Ret. Liq.(Minia)

Ret. Bev.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance to authorize investigation fees for applicants for gaming and liquor
licenses, requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY

OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS
TO THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND
INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDER-
ING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RE-
CORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATING THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker
and Fountain for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378,

REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY
AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING
THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, having been reported
on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 686 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, committee for recommendation of the proposed
ordinance requiring an additional fee for second inspections by the building de-
partment, requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 24, SECTION 26,

CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY PERMITTING ADVERTISING SIGNS AND OTHER TEMP-
ORARY STRUCTURES TO BE CONSTRUCTED AND MAINTAINED WITHIN THE BUILDING SETBACK
DISTANCE UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Emergency Ordinance No. 687 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING THE PLANNING AND ZONING ORDINANCE

KNOWN AS CHAPTER 24 OF THE CODE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, 1949, SECTION 20 PRO-
VIDING FOR THE USES OF LAND IN A C-1 ZONE; REQUIRING PROVISION FOR OFF-STREET
PARKING; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and re-
ferred to Commissioners Sharp and Whipple for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Pardee Phillips for a six months ex-
tension of time on the use permit granted for their sales office at Francisco
Park #2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that B.A. Wilgar of Wilgar Archery & Sporting Goods,

2100 E. Charleston be granted a permit for the sale of firearms.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote; Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved authorization be granted to go into escrow for the prop-
erty to be acquired for the new sewage disposal plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not
voting, Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting recess until January 6, 1956 at 5.00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:		Mayor

City Clerk

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Investigation Fees

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Annexation



ORDINANCE NO. 686

Rezoning



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
2nd Inspection Fee

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
NO. 687

Advertising Signs

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Planning Commission
C-1 Zones

USE PERMIT EXTENSION
Pardee-Phillips

FIREARMS PERMIT

SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT
PROPERTY


 RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 9th day of December, 1955; executed by Mamie F. Higbee, a widow
of Amasa E. Higbee to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

)

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and
correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted
at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of
January, 1956.

SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)		

FOR: Decatur Blvd.	By                      ,  Deputy
Las Vegas, Nevada
January 6, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 6th day of January, 1956 was called to order at the
hour of 5.25 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P.Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager 	Robert W.Notti
City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Discussion was held on the proposed amendment to the liquor ordinance. Messrs.
James L. Young, Jack Conlon and David Zenoff were present and entered into the
discussion.

The following amendments were made to the ordinance as proposed:

SECTION 2 - The number of package liquor licenses to be issued will be
one for each 1000 population.

SECTION 3 -	(10)-Add the words after general public, "or by bottle for

off-premise consumption.

SECTION 3 -	(17) - Delete the word "sales" in the second sentence and sub-

stitute the words "handled only" in place of "controlled".

SECTION 3 -    (19)- Population of the City.

SECTION 3 -	(20)- Add this section to define special events.

SECTION 8 - Delete the second paragraph.

SECTION 10- Set the license fees per quarter as follows:

1)	Wholesale liquor and importers, $375.00

2)	Wholesale beverage and importers, $375.00

 3)	Tavern, $375.00

4)	Package Liquor, $270.00

5)	Beverage License, $50.00

6)	Beer License, $50.00

7)	Club License, $25.00

8)	Hotel Liquor $375.00 for each bar and $300.00 for each service bar.

9)	Service bar, $300.00

10)	Special events, $10.00 per day for beverages and $25.00 per day for
liquor.

SECTION 11 - Substitute the words "sale of intoxicating liquors" for
"conduct of a tavern".

SECTION 12 - Delete

SECTION 13 - Change to Section 12 and delete the portion of the first
sentence from "from one location to another, etc.".

In the second sentence fill in "60" in the blank and use
the word "revoke" instead of "withdraw".

Thereafter an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCES NOS. 586

AND 632 AND TO AMEND CHAPTER 16, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS AMENDED
BY ORDINANCE NO. 483 ALL DEALING WITH THE SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS, BY
PROVIDING THE BASIS FOR THE ISSUANCE OF LIQUOR LICENSES; PROVIDING FOR TYPES
OF LIQUOR LICENSES; PROVIDING FOR LICENSE FEES THEREFORE; PROVIDING PROCEDURES
FOR REVOCATION OF LICENSES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO;
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, was read in full to
the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No, 688 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission directed that no new applications for liquor licenses be ac-
cepted until the second quarter of 1956.

Commissioner Sharp moved authorization be granted to the Building Department
to re-examine the building occupied by Mike's Liquor Store at 106 Fremont Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following permits for solicitation of funds be
granted, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board:

Clark County Humane Society - 90 days

American Red Cross - 90 days permit commencing February 1 for
advance gifts and March 1, 1956 active solicitation.

1-6-56

ORDINANCE NO. 688
Liquor Amendment

MIKES LIQUOR STORE BUILDING

SOLICITATION PERMITS


Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following appointments be made on the Electrical
Examiners Board:

Walter D. Johnson	-	1 yr.

Jack Prenderville	-	2 yrs.

And that Mr. A.P. Gibson, previously appointed as a representative of the
Southern Nevada Power Company be considered the Electrical Engineer instead.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:	

ATTEST:	Mayor



 City Clerk 

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	Date:	January 10, 1956

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be
held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 10th day of January, 1956, at the hour of 4.30 P.M. to
consider the following matters:

1.	Investigation Ordinance

2.	Escrow instructions on Stewart Property

3.	Workable program for urban renewal

4.	Sidewalk Installation

5.	Condemnation Program

6.	Lot Clean Up	/s/ C.D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and
A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a special
meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of
the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 10th day of January, 1956, at the hour of 4.30 P.M. to consider the fol-
lowing matters:

1.	Investigation Ordinance

2.	Escrow instructions on Stewart property

3.	Workable program for urban renewal

4.	Sidewalk Installation

5.	Condemnation Program

6.	Lot Clean Up

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and City Attorney of the City
of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/	REED WHIPPLE	RALSTON O. HAWKINS

HARRIS P. SHARP	ROBERT W. NOTTI

E.W. FOUNTAIN	C.D. BAKER

WENDELL BUNKER

ELECTRICAL EXAMINERS
BOARD


Las Vegas, Nevada
January 10, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 10th day of January, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 4.35 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Asst.City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Whipple moved that Ordinance No. 688, adopted January 6, 1956, be
clarified to that the package liquor licenses that do not sell miniatures pay
a license fee of $200.00 per quarter, those who sell miniatures pay $225.00
per quarter, plus $50.00 per quarter if they wish to sell beer for consumption
on the premises.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR PAYMENT OF AN INVESTIGATION

FEE BY APPLICANTS FOR GAMING AND LIQUOR LICENSES; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RE-
LATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and
Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 689 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the escrow instructions
on the purchase of the property from W.T.Stewart, et al for the new disposal plant,
and that the warrant be issued in payment for this property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Com-
missioner Sharp passed his vote stating that at one time he had an interest in
this property.

Planning Director, Franklin Bills presented a draft of a preliminary report on
urban renewal for study by the Commission.

Mayor Baker recommended that the Commission appoint a City-wide Re-development
Committee that would encompass the City at large with the names recommended
by the Planning Commission, and that a subsection of this committee re appointed
to act as a committee for the original portion under the redevelopment of that
area from Bonanza Road, to Owens Avenue and from the Union Pacific right-of-
way to Highland Avenue. The members of the Commission agreed with this recom-
mendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this draft on urban renewal be referred to the
Planning Commission with the request that representatives of the City Commis-
sion meet with them at their next meeting and discuss this matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Commissioner Fountain left the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be directed to notify property owners
from Main Street to 12th Street, from Stewart to Charleston to install sidewalks
where necessary, giving them ninety days to do so.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be instructed to extend the condemnation
of unsafe building to all property located within the commercial zone, and to
notify property owners of vacant property to clean up these lots.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

There being no further business to came before the Commission, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

ORDINANCE NO. 688
Liquor

ORDINANCE NO. 689
Investigation Fees

SEWAGE PLANT PROPERTY

URBAN RENEWAL

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION

CONDEMNATION PROGRAM &
LOT CLEAN UP
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk 
 ASSESSED VALUATION	ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-17	

FINAL

LOT #	PROPERTY OWNER	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	COST

1	Calhoun, Melvin O.

Jones, Addle May

206	Jackson Ave., L.V.	710.00	1	237.74

2	Same as above	590.00	1,390.00	1	237.74

3	Johnson, Isaac Huey

210	Jackson Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	2,250.00	1	237.74

4	Fowler, Luther

214	Jackson Ave.,L.V.	590.00	2,230.00	1	237.74

5	Johnson, Gladys

216	Jackson Ave.,L.V.	590.00	820.00	1	237.74

8	Miller, Morris & Errie

217	Van	Buren	Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	1,690.00	1	237.73

9	Williams, L.C., R.C., J.C.,	Lee

211	Van	Buren	Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	660.00	1	237.74

10	Same as above	590.00	560.00	1	237.74

11	Gant, Nancy & Hary

205 Van	Buren	Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	2,290.00	1	237.74

12	Coleman, Willie & Annie	Ruth

1423 "B" st., L.V.	710.00	4,100.00	1	237.74

BLOCK 20 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

1	Church: of Living God

Trustees: J.B.Mason, W.D.Starnes, H.M.

Overton,M. Ross, D.V. Warren, M.L.Malone,

&	A. Palmer

124	S. 3rd St., L.V.	710.00	1	237.74

2	Same as above	590.00	1	237.74

3	Powell, Andrew & Stella

1123 "c" st.,	590.00	360.00	1	237.74

4	Wheatley, Terry & Abery

212	Van Buren Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	1,500.00	1	237.74

5	Jackson, Lee & Mable

222 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	237.74

8	Crockett, Johnnie

316 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	290.00	1	237.74

9	Nunn, Lula Bell

1516 N. "C? St.,L.V.	590.00	820.00	1	237.74

10	McDonald, O.C. & Alice

203 Harrison Ave., L.V.	590.00	550.00	1	237.74

11	Sane	as	above	590.00	2,060.00	1	237.74

12	Same	as	above	710.00	2,050.00	1	237.74

BLOCK 21 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION
2	Williams, Wendell & Bessie	Mae

102	Van Buren Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	1,380.00	1	237.74

3	Rose Holding Corp.

122	s. 4th st.,L.V.	590.00	9,330.00	1	237.74

4	Johnson, Jacob & Mattie Jean

124	Van Buren Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	   1,440.00	1	237.74

5	Same	as	above	590.00	2,020.00	1	237.74

6	Same	as	above	590.00	1,900.00	1	237.74

7	Crozier, Oscar L. & Barbie

128 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	930.00	1	237.74

8	Same	as	above	590.00	930.00	1	237.74

9	Brown,Ancell G. & Johnson,Julia T.

125	Harrison Ave., L.V.	710.00	     240.00	1	237.74

10	Same as above                                         590.00              240.00       1	237.74

11	Same	as	above	590.00	250.00	1	237.74

12	Brown, Ancell G.

125 Harrison Ave., L.V.	590.00	190.00	1	237.74

13	Same as above	590.00	190.00	1	237.74

14	Same as above	590.00	190.00	1	237.74

15	Same as above	590.00	190.00	1	237.74

BLOCK 24 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

2	Dobbins, Belie & Wilhelmina
Dobbins, Lesie & Mary Louise

112 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	510.00	1	237.74

3	Same as above	590.00	510.00	1	237.74

4	Same as above	590.00	510.00	1	237.74

5	Dobbins, Eslie & Wilhelmina

112 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,520.00	1	237.74

6	Dobbins, Eslie & Wilhelmina
Dobbins, Leslie & Mary Louise

112 Jackson Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,455.00	1	237.74

7	Same as above	590.00	1,455.00	1	237.74

8	Wallace, Clemmie & Hallie Mae

128 Jackson Ave., L.V.	710.00	990.00	1	237.74

9	Hayden, Louise

127 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	710.00	960.00	1	237.74

10	Harber, Warn Edna & Edward

Harber, Israel & Glen, Mathews, Kenneth L.             590.00	1,050.00	1	237.74

125 Van Buren Ave., L.V.

11	Same as above	590.00	1,050.00	1	237.74

12	Samuel, Robert Lee & Virginia

117 Van	Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,200.00	1	237.74

13	Smith, Irene

111	Van	Buren Ave., L.V.	590.00	330.00	1	237.74

14	Same as above	590.00	330.00	1	237.74

15	(Less W 10')

Gant, Phillip

Box 444, McNary, Arizona	470.00	150.00	5	190.20

15	(W 10')  Smith, Irene

111	Van	Buren, Ave.,L.V.	120.00	70.00	4	47.55

BLOCK 25 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION
149B

FINAL

LOT # PROPERTY OWNER	REALTY	IMPROVEMENTS	FORMULA	COST

10	Thomas, Willie & Annie Ruth

123	Jackson Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	900.00	1	237.74

11	Pointer, Nettie

119 Jackson Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	50.00	1	237.74

12	Shaw, Harry P. & Everline

109	Jackson Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	180.00	1	237.74

13	Allen, John & Alma

107 Jackson Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	600.00	1	237.74

14	Addison, David & Roxie

105 Jackson Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	100.00	1	237.74

15	(E 25') Junier, Semp & Ethel B.

103	Jackson Ave., L.V.	295*00	6	118.86

15	(W 25') Dilligard, Douglas & Rose Marie

103	Jackson Ave., L.V.	295*00	100.00	6	118.88

BLOCK 26 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

2	Tignor, Newton & Mamie

104	Madison Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	1,770.00	1	237.74

3	Davis, Minnie

110	Madison Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	770.00	1	237.74

4	Fertsen, Perry & Maple

116	Madison Ave.,	L.V.	590.00	1,275.00	.1	237.74

5	Same as above	590.00	1,275.00	1	237.74

6	Lisby, Lee H. & Willie A.

124	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	2,405.00	1	237.74

BLOCK 27 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

2	Mallett, Fannie	590.00	2,620.00	1	237.74

3	Morgan, James & Lillian

450 West 2nd South,Salt	Lake City,Utah	590.00	335.00	1	237.74

4	Same as above	590.00	335.00	1	237.74

5	Howard, Estella

114	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,360.00	1	237.74

6	Nolan, Ernest David & Sewilla

118	Jefferson Ave., L.V.	590.00	850.00	1	237.74

9	Williams, Wesley

115	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,665.00	1	237.74

10	McDowell, Frances

	117 Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	640.00	1	237.74

11	White, Joe & Mary Alice

121	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,100.00	1	237.74

12	Robinson, Elizah & Mary

109 Madison Ave.,L.V.	590.00	2,330.00	1	237.74

13	Coleman, Fletcher & Mattie Jean

105	Madison Ave., L.V.	590.00	1,830.00	1	237.74

BLOCK 28 VALLEY VIEW ADDITION

(l42) Unsub. parcel lying N of Washington & W of
and W of "H" St. with a frontage of l40' on "H"

St. & 100' on Washington

More particularly described in Deed No. 282669,

County Recorders Office of Clark County, Nevada'
and recorded in Book No. 56 on the 12th day of
April, 1948.

Johnson, R.M. & Elvessie

408 Van Buren Ave., L.V.	550.00	2	475.48

(165) Unsub. parcel lying W of "H" St. between
Washington & Adams with a frontage of 49.21' on
"H" St. & 200' on Adams.

More particularly described in Deed No. 334685,
County Recorders Office of Clark County, Nevada
and recorded in Book No. 6l on the 10th day of
March, 1950.

Curtis, Theo. & Arleether

923 "H" St., L.V.	310.00	920.00	1	237.74

(l4l) Unsub. parcel lying N of Washington be-
tween "H" & "I" Sts. with an approximate
frontage of 95' on Washington.

More particularly described in Deed No. 377653;

County Recorders Office of Clark County, Nevada
and recorded in Book No. 65 on the 19th day of
November, 1951.

Hill, Ernest & Juanita

915 "H" St., L.V.	540.00	1,698.00	3	713.22

(155) Unsub. parcel lying N of Washington be-
tween "H" and "I" Sts. with an approximate
frontage of 50' on Washington.

More particularly described in Deed No. 369484,

County Recorders Office of Clark County, Nevada
and recorded in Book No. 64 on the 24th day of
April, 1951.

Johnson, Tecumseh & Mary Lee

824 W. Washington, L.V.	250.00	2,230.00	1	237.74
FINAL

LOT # PROPERTY OWNER	REALTY.	IMPROVEMENTS      FORMULA	COST

(171) Unsub. parcel lying N of Washington between
"H" & "I" Sts. with an approximate frontage of 50'
on Washington.

More particularly described in Deed No. 349475,

County Recorders Office of Clark County, Nevada
and recorded in Book No. 62 on the 11th day of
September, 1950.

Parker, Wallace & Sarah

830 Washington Ave., L.V.	260.00	340.00	1	237.74

UNSUBDIVIDED

Part SE¼ NE¼ 28-20-61 lying West of "H" St. between Washington & Adams

(138-241) Unsub. parcel lying N of Washington
between "H" & "I" Sts. with an approximate
frontage of 110' on Washington & S of Adams
between "H" & "I" Sts. with an approximate
frontage of 45' on Adams.

More particularly described in Deed No. 16433,

County Recorders Office of Clark County, Nevada
and recorded in Book No. 17 on the 28th day of
July, 1954. *&Deed No. 412267, Book No. 77 re-
corded on the 26th day of August, 1953.

Owens, Ernest & Alice V.

832 Washington, L.V.		710.00	4,950.00	3	713.02

(167 - 231) Unsub.Parcel lying N of Washington
between "H" & "I" Sts. with an approximate
frontage of 50' on Washington & S of Adams
between "H" & "I" Sts. with an approximate
frontage of 50' on Adams.

More particularly described in Deed No. 335701,

County Recorders Office in Clark County, Nevada
and recorded in Book No. 62 on the 23rd day of
March,1950 & Deed No. 10888, Book No. 10
recorded on the 24th day of May, 1954.

Morgan, Jesse & Edith

906 W. Washington, L.V.	280.00	2,210.00	2	475.48

(166) Unsub. parcel lying N of Washington
between "H" & "I" Sts. with an approximate
frontage of 50' on Washington.

More particularly described in Deed No. 406205,

County Recorders Office in Clark County, Nevada
and recorded in Book No. 70 on the 3rd day of
June, 1953.

Collins, Emmit & Rosie

Harlong,California	220.00	1,210.00	1	237.74

(150) Unsub. parcel lying S of Adams between
"H" & "I" Sts. with an approximate frontage
on 100' on Adams.

More particularly described in Deed No. 35564,

County Recorders Office of Clark County, Nevada
and recorded in Book No. 4l on the 17th day of
February, 1955.

McKinney, Perleaner & Alexander
c/o Bonner & Ritenhouse

319 Fremont St., L.V.	490.00	2,210.00	2	475.48

UNSUBDIVIDED	20,207.91

PART SE¼ NE¼ 28-20-61 lying west of "H" St. between Washington and Adams

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 18, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this l8th day of January, 1956 was called to order at the hour of
7.40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board

NO. 200-17	of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to meet and review the as-

Public Hearing on	sessments and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the

Assessment Roll	proposed improvements in Assessment District No. 200-17, as shown on the amended

	Assessment Roll No. 36-1956.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment roll
had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered there
had been no objections filed in her office prior to said meeting.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objections, sugges-
tions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special assessment roll.
 There were no objections, suggestions or comments voiced.



Commissioner Whipple moved that since there were no objections that this Assess-
ment Roll No. 36-1956 be approved, and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION CONFIRMING ASSESSMENT ROLL

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada,
and the officers thereof, have taken action to install a sanitary sewer along
certain streets, and alleys and portions of streets and alleys and easements
therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment Dis-
trict No. 200-17 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making said
improvements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally included
in the sums assessed according to benefits against the owners and assessable
lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and in-
cluded within such District, proportionately to the benefits received; and

WHEREAS, the new Assessment Roll was filed with the City Clerk on the
4th day of January, 1956; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said Assessment
Roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said Assessment Roll,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the l8th day of January, 1956,
that Assessment Roll No. 36-1956, be and the same hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confirmation
on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Officio City
Assessor, for the placing of said assessments on the official rolls of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this l8th day of January, 1956.

C. D. Baker__________

ATTEST:	Mayor

Shirley Ballinger        For Assessment Roll No. 200-17 see Page l49A etc.

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board

NO. 200-13	of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and hear and con-

Public Hearing on	sider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest

Creation,of District	to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, in the proposed

	Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-13 as provided in Emergency Ord-

inance No. 685, passed, adopted and approved the 4th day of January, 1956, and
the notice prescribed therein. The Mayor then asked if any written objections,
suggestions or comments concerning said District had been filed in the office
of the City Clerk. The City Clerk answered that no objections, suggestions
or comments concerning said district had been filed in her office prior to
said meeting and she filed a certificate with the Board of Commissioners to
that effect.
The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objection, suggestion
or comment, or raise any questions, concerning said District.

Mr. Robert E. Jones, property owner in the area appeared and stated that the prop-
erty owners did not object to the installation of the sewer in Bonanza Village,
but wondered why it could not be placed in the alleys instead of the streets.

George E. Wade, City Engineer, explained that the reason for this was that they
had been unsuccessful in obtaining rights-of-way for alleys in this district.

Mr. John L. Seymour also raised the same question.

Commissioner Whipple moved the hearing on the creation of this district be con-
tinued until February 1, 1956 to see if the rights-of-way for the alleys can be
secured and sewers installed in the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missionrs Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent: Commissioner Sharp.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the naming of that

Street Name	certain street lying between Main Street and Rancho High School running east

Foremaster Lane	and west, south of Vegas Village and Woodlawn Cemetery, the matter was considered

	by the Commission.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the naming of this street
Foremaster Lane. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this street be named Foremaster Lane and
the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there have been requests to name that certain street lying between
Main Street and Rancho High School south of Woodlawn Cemetery and Vegas Village
as FOREMASTER LANE; and

WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the City Planning Commission of Las Vegas,
Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas set a Public
Hearing on the proposed street name and gave notice thereof as required by law,
which Public Hearing was duly held on the l8th day of January, 1956; and

WHEREAS, at said Public Hearing all persons were given an opportunity to
protest and be heard; and

WHEREAS, the following proposed name met with the approval of all persons in
attendance at said Public Hearing and met with the approval of the Commission, and
the Commission finds that said name will facilitate mail deliveries, aid in loca-
ting various properties, and will assist the Fire Department and Police Department
in carrying out their duties,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 18th day of January,
1956, that the name of the street hereinafter described to-wit:

The South 30 feet of the North 790 feet of the West 2640
feet of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M; and the South 30
feet of the North 820 feet of the West 2640 feet of Sec-
tion 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M,

be and the same hereby is named FOREMASTER LANE.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED,that a copy of this Resolution be signed by the Mayor,
attested by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark County Recorder as re-
quired by law.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk
(SEAL)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

BID NO. 56.01	Discussion was held on the bids for towing service for the City, said bids having

Towing Contract	been deferred from January 4, 1956. The proposal of Bandle's Auto Body, Elling-

Awarded	ham's Body & Fender, Wayne's Auto Body and Gene's Auto Body was that the contract

	be performed equally by the four firms, with no fees being paid the City. The

Bid of Gene's Auto Body was that they would pay the City $360.00 per month for
the contract.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the proposal of Gene's Auto Body be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,Commissioner Fountain.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.
The Commission requested that the application of Louis Miranti for rezoning of
Blocks 7 and 18; Block 6, except Lots 9,15,16 and 47; Block 19, except Lots 11,

19 and 20; Block 30, except Lots 9 and 11 of Las Vegas Square from R-1 to R-3
he deferred until all the right-of-way has been secured.

The application of R.J. Kaltenborn for E.E. Kaltenborn for rezoning of Lots 1 to
6, Block 1 of Paradise Park from R-3 to R-4 was considered at this time. Director
of Planning Franklin Bills advised the Commission that an application had been
filed for rezoning of this and surrounding property from R-3 and R-4 to R-1 and
suggested that action on this application be deferred until recommendation on
the other application has been made.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for rezoning be held in abeyance un-
til a complete survey can be made of the area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The application of Dr. John W. Montgomery for rezoning of Lots 10 to 13, 16 and
17, Block 7; Waddle Addition; part of Lot 12, Block 8, Hawkins Addition; Lots 1
to 6, Block 4, Pioneer Heights and Lots 13 and 14, Block 5; Pioneer Heights from
R-3 to R-4, was considered by the Board. The Planning Department amended the
application to include rezoning of both sides of 8th Street between Carson and
Bridger from R-3 to R-4, which was approved by the Planning Commission. His
Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced. Commissioner Bun-
ker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and that
both sides of 8th Street between Carson and Bridger be rezoned from R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the Commission considered the application of I.F. Quale and W.E.

Gogert for rezoning of Lots 1 and 2, Block 4, Biltmore Annex #3 from R-3 to
C-1. The Planning Commission recommended this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objection to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted and this application for rezoning approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of G. William Gottshall for rezoning
of a portion of land approximately 175 x 460' lying West and adjacent to the UP
right-of-way and South of Colorado Avenue as extended being part of the S½ of the
N½ of the NE¼ of Section 4, T21S, R6lE, from M-1 to M-2. The recommendation of
the Planning Commission was that this application be denied.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent :	Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of Lewis and DeCourcy to rezone the NE¼
of the NW¼ and the S½ of the NW¼ and the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 30, T20S, R62E,
MDB&M from R-E to R-1.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and this application for rezoning approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission
that the ban on curb parking on South 5th Street from Oakey Boulevard to San Fran-
cisco be continued.

Mr. David Goldwater appeared on behalf of the property owners and tenants in this
area. He appealed to the Board to rescind this ordinance because it has proven
detrimental to the business in this area.

Messrs. Leigh Ellsworth, Dan Crane and Sam Ginsberg also appeared and requested
that parking be allowed.

The matter was continued until January 23, 1956 when there will be a meeting of the
committee from the property owners with the City Commission, Parking and Traffic
Commission and State Highway Department.

Discussion was held on the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that
the City lease the lot from Bruce Beckley and Virginia Richardson at 6th and Carson
for a parking lot.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance for further study.

REZONING - z-34-55
Louis Miranti

REZONING - Z-44-55
E.E. Kaltenborn

REZONING - Z-3-56
Dr. John Montgomery

REZONING - Z-4-56
Quale & Gogert

REZONING - Z-5-56
G.W. Gottshall



REZONING - Z-36-55
Lewis & DeCourcy

SOUTH 5TH STREET
CURB PARKING

PARKING LOT
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the plans presented by John Replogle for the proposed
Fire Alarm System building be approved subject to final check by the Building and
Fire Departments and that plans be prepared for an alternate bid on a second story
for this building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved that payment of 20% of Mr. Replogle's fee or $300.00
be approved and the warrant prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

No action was taken at this time on the installation of sidewalks on 5th Street.

City Engineer Wade was requested to contact the property owners who have not in-
stalled their sidewalks and request that this work be done.

City Engineer Wade requested that the contract of Wells Cargo for patching work
be extended for 90 days. Mr. Wade indicated that the contractor would accept
this work providing there is a minimum charge of $10.00 per patch.

Commissioner Whipple moved the contract of Wells Cargo for street patching be
extended for 90 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer be authorized to advertise for bids
for two motor graders, two street sweepers and five trucks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of G.L. Gordon for a 72 foot curb cut in
front of the Boston Motel at 2011 South A Street for the purpose of providing
off-street parking for eight vehicles. This request had previously been denied
by the Commission on December 7, 1955.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he had inspected this property and felt that Mr.
Gordon has a unique problem because of the parking situation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the previous action taken be rescinded and Mr. Gordon's
request for a 72 foot curb cut at 2011 South A Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

George Wade, City Engineer recommended that the final payment of the 10% retention
be made to Lembe, Clough and King on their contract for the alterations to the
sewer plant. Mr. Wade stated that he was not satisfied with the Infilco equip-
ment and would like to recommend that the original bond be released and a smaller
one in the amount of $10,000 be posted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bond of Lembke, Clough and King on the Altera-
tions to the Sewer Plant be reduced to $10,000 and that payment of $7,330.00 be made
and the warrant prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be authorized to receive bids for the
electrical installations in the new building at the City garage.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the easement from the American Legion Post #8 for the
sewer line on North 2nd Street.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Wen-
dell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18 day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Easement
dated the 29th day of December, 1955; executed by American Legion Post #8 to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in-
tentions as therein set forth; and

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Plans Approved

5TH STREET SIDEWALKS

PATCHING CONTRACT

STREET EQUIPMENT
Advertise for Bids

CURB CUT
G.L. Gordon

ALTERATIONS TO
SEWER PLANT
Final Payment &

Release of Bond

ELECTRICAL INSTALLATION
Bids to be Received

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING
R/W 
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution he attached to said
Easement and that the same he recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution he filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my seal (official)
this 19th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By_________________, Deputy

  FOR: North 2nd Street

Consideration was given to the Easement from Harold Edelstein for the storm drain
on "A" Street to the UPRR.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Easement, dated
the 30th day of September, 1955, executed by Harold Edelstein, no status to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)

By________________, Deputy

  For: Storm drain on "A" St. to UPRR

The Board considered the easement from W.T. Stewart, et al, for the effluent
sewer line on Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made;

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,State of Nevada, that the Easement, dated
the 10th day of January, 1956, executed by Earl Leavitt and Mishie Leavitt, William
T. Stewart and Artemesia Stewart, W. Udell Stewart and Lorraine Stewart, Cornell
S. Stewart and Jospehine Stewart, Willard L. Stewart and Carmen Stewart, Ronald S.
Stewart and Vinnie Stewart to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
Btate of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the Easement attached hereto duly adopted at
a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January,
1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
  this 19th day January, 1956.	1-18-56
      SHIRLEY BALLINGER______________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By_________, Deputy

   For:	effluent water line on Charleston Boulevard

Consideration was given to the affidavit of W.T.Stewart, et al for interest
in the oil and gas lease on property located in Section 10, T21S, R62E.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING AFFIDAVIT

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Affidavit,
dated the 10th day of January, 1956, executed by William T. Stewart, Artemesia
Stewart, W. Udell Stewart, Lorraine Stewart, Cornell S. Stewart and Josephine
Stewart to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
purposes described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in-
tentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Affidavit, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the record
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the Affidavit attached hereto duly adopted at a regu-
lar meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER____________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By ___________, Deputy

  FOR: oil & gas lease on property
Section 10, T21S, R62E

The Commission considered the Easement of S.J. Lawson for right-of-way for the
effluent sewer.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Easement,
dated the 11th day of January, 1956, executed by S.J. Lawson to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the Easement attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January,

1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER__________

Clerk of the City of Las Vega

(SEAL)	By___________, Deputy

 for; easement-right-of-way
effluent sewer

RESOLUTION

Oil & Gas Lease

Affidavit
Consideration was given to the deed from W.T. Stewart et al for the W½ of the SW¼
of Section 10, T21S, R62E for the disposal plant.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of January,1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
10th day of January, 1956, executed by William T. Stewart, Artemesia Stewart, W.

Udell Stewart, Lorraine Stewart, Cornell S. Stewart and Josephine Stewart to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

 (SEAL)	By_________, Deputy

 For: disposal plant

The Board considered the deed from Ralph Seward for Part of the E½ of the SW¼ of
the SW¼ of Section 10, T21S, R62E for the disposal plant site.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order:
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated
the 17th day of January, 1956, executed by Ralph Seward and Frances Seward to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark , State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of January , 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY-BALLINGER_________

	Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By______, Deputy

 For: disposal site

Consideration was given to the deed from Larry Atkinson et al for part of the Eg of
the SW¼ of Section 10, T21S, R62E for the disposal plant site.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED
On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
17th day of January , 1956, executed by Larry Atkinson, Florence Atkinson,

Ralph Seward, and Frances Seward,

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real prop-
erty described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of Janaary ; 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

(SEAL)	By___________, Deputy

FOR: disposal plant site

The Commission considered the deed from T. Gay Myers et al for the reversionary
interest in the disposal plant property in Section 10, T21S, R62E.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 12th day of January, 1956	, executed by Thomas Gay Myers and Agnes 

Walker Myers, husband and wife, Byron 0. Thornton and Louella B. Thornton, husband and
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real prop-
erty described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office f the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of

this Board. (***wife, Charles L. McDonald and Ruth M. McDonald, husband and wife,

Charles A. Mohler and Daisy P. Moshler, husband and wife

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER_____________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

1 (SEAL)	By _____________, Deputy

J FOR:	disposal plant

The Board considered the deed from the Jewish Community Center for a portion of
Bracken Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 4th day of January, 1956, executed by Jewish Community Center of Las Vegas,
Incorporated, a Nevada Corporation to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )	1-18-56
I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk; of the City of Las Vegas; County of Clark;

State of Nevada; hereby certify the foregoing to be a full; true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January; 1956

IN WITNESS WHEREOF; I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER__________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By,__________Deputy

FOR:	Bracken Ave.

Consideration was given to the deed from G.J. Madsen for part of the E½ of the SW¼
of Section 10, T21S, R62E for the disposal plant site.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
17th day of January, 1956, executed by George J. Madsen and Ruby

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real prop-
erty described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clark, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of January, 1956.

s/s SHIRLEY BALLINGER

(SEAL)	By_________, Deputy

FOR:	disposal plant site

Art Trelease, Supervisor of Building and Safety, gave a report of the findings of
the inspection made January 9, 1956 on the building at 106 Fremont Street, known
as Mike's Liquor Store. Mr. Trelease stated that representatives of the Building,
Police and Fire Departments, along with the Assistant City Attorney and structural
Engineer Ewalt Anderson had inspected this premise. He further stated that the
front parapet wall can be moved by pushing on it and that the exposed sidewalls
cannot be repaired. He said that it was the finding of the inspection that the
building is very unsafe, cannot be repaired, and is a definite hazard to public
safety.

City Attorney Howard Cannon advised the Commission they could proceed in three ways:

1)	Under the general police power, as a hazard to the public, to require the building
to be demolished and to go in and demolish it if it is not done so by the property
owner.

2)	Under authority of the Charter and the Planning and Zoning Ordinances, require
the building to be demolished and abated as a nuisance if the Board finds the con-
dition is a nuisance.

3)	They can proceed under Section 203 of the Uniform Building Code wherein the head
of the Building Department would notify the owner to commence demolition within 48
hours and if it is not demolished as required, then the Board can order the Building
Department to go in and demolish it themselves and file a lien against the property
for payment of the cost of demolishing the building.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Building Department be instructed to notify the
owner and lessee of that certain building known as Mike's Liquor Store located at
106 Fremont Street that the building is determined to be an unsafe building as desig-
nated in the Uniform Building Code by the Board of City Commissioners after inspec-
tion and report made by the appropriate departments of the City and the owner or
person in charge of the premises notified within 48 hours to commence demolition
and removal of the building from the premises and such demolition to be completed
within 15 days from date of notice and that service of this notice be given the
owner and lessee as required by law; further that the building be posted as un-
safe for occupancy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

CONDEMNATION OF BUILDING
106 Fremont Street
Commissioner Bunker moved the Building Department be authorized to proceed with the
demolition of the buildings located at 8l3-8l$-8l7 Fremont Street owned by Mrs.

Loretta Holmes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy reported that he had received a letter from the Elks Club
indicating that they would not be willing to dedicate right of way for the extension
of North 6th Street to Bonanza Road.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that two proposals for the contract for advertising
on benches at bus stops had been received, one from the Las Vegas Bench Advertising
Company and the other from the Nevada Bench Company. He stated that the only com-
pany licensed with the City is the Las Vegas Bench Advertising Company.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation that the Las Vegas Bench Advertising
Company be awarded the contract for advertising on bus stop benches be approved and
the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that bids for seed and fertilizer for the Park, Golf
Course and Cemetery be received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that bids be received for one fairway tractor equipped
with five 30" gang mowers for the Park Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bond for the City Manager be set at $1,000.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy presented the deed from Mrs. Edith Billmyer for Lots 19 and 20 of Block
19, Las Vegas Square and stated that this property was needed for the right-of-way
on Decatur Boulevard. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Mrs. Billmyer was
willing to sell these lots for $500.00, $300.00 of which has been deposited by the
American Homes Corp. and the City will have to stand $200.00 of the expense.

Commissioner Whipple moved the deed from Mrs. Billmyer for Lots 19 and 20 of
Block 19, Las Vegas Square be accepted and a warrant in the amount of $500.00
prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

**Resolution accepting deed at the end of these minutes.

City Manager Kennedy presented the bills of the Las Vegas Valley Water District
for water supplied to the Sewage Disposal Plant and the Clark County Humane Society,
in the total amount of $1200.00 Mr. Kennedy stated that they are charging the
City $75.00 per month for this water.

Commissioner Fountain moved this bill be paid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, and Whipple voting aye; noes, Mayor Baker. Absent: Com-
missioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Fire Chief Elmer Gates be appointed as Coordinator
of Civil Defense for the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an ordinance
to repeal, the Hypodermic ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 9846 to 10319 in the net
amount of $61,887.12 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

DEMOLITION OF
BUILDING
813-817 Fremont

NORTH 6TH STREET
EXTENSION

BENCH ADVERTISING

COMPANY



SEED AND FERTILIZER
BIDS

BIDS FOR GANGMOWER



CITY MANAGER BOND

DECATUR BLVD.

Right-of-way

WATER BILL

CIVIL DEFENSE
HYPODERMIC ORDINANCE
PAYROLL WARRANTS
Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 5433 to 5555
in the total amount of $101,077.03 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following new applications for liquor licenses be
approved:

RANCH MARKET	6ll Van Buren	Louis Holt, Francis

Graff & Herb Jones	Retail Beverage

VEGAS VILLAGE	1501 No. 5th	Jack Wollenzien	Retail Beverage

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Merv Adelson for a Retail Liquor Minia-
ture license for Market Town, 22 E. Oakey be held until next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of William Elwell to add Jack Conlon on the
Tavern liquor license for the Lido Bar, 107 North 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Fountain and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Not voting:	Commissioners

Bunker and Mayor Baker. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of liquor licenses
be approved in the same form as the previous quarter:

3.) RENEWALS

BABY BEEF CAFE	Thomas	Bibbs	4l6 W. Bonanza	Rest.	Bev.

BABY BEEF MARKET #1	William	E.	Mull	;926 North Main	Ret.	Bev.

BABY BEEF MARKET #2	William	E.	Mull	1316 D Street	Ret.	Bev.

BONANZA CAFE	Gerald	Jensen	4l0 W. Bonanza	Rest.	Bev.

BUCKLEY'S CAFE	Rita D. Buckley	20 Fremont	Rest.	Bev.

CONEY ISLAND CAFE	Bob Featherstun	412	South	2nd	Rest.	Bev.

EL CHOLO CAFE	Hortense McKiernan	625	South	5th	Rest.	Bev.

LARRY'S MARKET	Lawrence Tiede	631	South	1st	Ret. Bev.

O'BRIEN'S LIQUOR STORE	Robert	O'Brien	1311 E.Charleston	Ret.Liq. Minia.

SILVER STATE LODGE	C.M. Hightower	320 Jackson	Club	Liquor

SKAGG'S DRUG CENTER	Stewart	E.	Paquette	215 Fremont	Ret.	Liquor

L & W CAFE	Robert	Wilson	18 Garces	Rest.	Bev.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following new applications for gaming license for
the first quarter of 1956 be approved:

a) NEW:

DAVIS BROS. RICHFIELD

TRUCK TERMINAL	R.H.	Davis	629	South Main	3	slots

LITTLE JOINT CAFE	Will	Max Schwartz	1602 South A	3	slots

9TH & FREMONT SUPER	G.F. Taylor &

STATION	P.A.	CAMMons	900	Fremont	1	slot

RANCH MARKET	Holt, Graff &	Jones	6ll	Van Buren	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional gaming for the
first quarter of 1956 be approved:

Elias Atol	1511 South Main	2 slots

R.C. Brodine, Jr.	801 South 1st	1 slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Z. Louis for renewal of his license
for 1 Race Horse Keno at the Town Tavern, 600 Jackson for the first quarter of
1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming li-
censes for the first quarter of 1956 be approved in the same form and condition
as last quarter:

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Addition of Partner
Renewals

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

Additional

CHARLIE'S LIQUOR STORE
RED & WHITE CAFE

Renewals
c) RENEWALS:

BONANZA BAR	Raymond Salmon	4l8	W. Bonanza	2	slots

BONANZA CAFE	C.R. Millhizer	4l0	W. Bonanza	4	slots

BOTTLE HOUSE	O.W. Glenn	825	South 5th	3	slots

CHAT 'N CHEW	O.W. Glenn	1039 South Main	1	slot

CINNABAR	Ted Patton	122	North 2nd	5	slots

COFFEE BOB'S	Ted Patton	127	South 2nd	2	slots

FRY'S RICHFIELD STATION	Ted Patton	5th	& Fremont	2	slots

L & W CAFE	Robert E.Wilson	18 Garces	3	slots

MEADOWS RESTAURANT	Cecil J. Meadows	1404 Fremont	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker; Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Ira Halliburton for renewal of
five taxi cab licenses for the Western Cab Company, 109 W. Adams be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of C.F. Shaw for renewal of eleven
taxi cab licenses for the Blue Cab Company, 631 South 5th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail
sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

BRAVO'S MARKET	4l0 Morgan	Olivia Bravo

LARRY'S MARKET	631 South 1st	Lawrence Tiede

TURF CAFE	1514 South	5th	C.E.Wood

STRIP DRUG STORE	2425 South	5th	Ray 0. McGowan

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Tony Rivera, Fuller Brush Salesman for re-
duction of the solicitors license fee be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of January 4,6 and 10, 1956 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance adopting the 1955 Plumbing Code, requested additional time before re-
porting.

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance providing for 2nd Inspection Fees requested additional time before re-
porting.

Commissioner Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment to
the Planning Ordinance concerning C-1 zones, requested additional time before re-
porting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBE TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE
CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND INHABITANTS
TO BE ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A PLAT
SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO, having been reported in favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Fountain,
was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 690 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING CITY OFFICERS, INSPECTORS AND EM-

PLOYEES CHARGED WITH THE ENFORCEMENT OF CITY ORDINANCES TO PREPARE AND SERVE SUMMONS
ON PERSONS CHARGED WITH VIOLATION OF CITY ORDINANCES, SUMMONSING THEM TO APPEAR IN
COURT AT A TIME SPECIFIED TO ANSWER THE CHARGE AGAINST THEM; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR
FAILURE TO APPEAR AS SUMMONSED; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO,
was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

TAXI APPLICATION

CIGARETTE LICENSES

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION

MINUTES



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
2nd Inspection Fee

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
C-1 Zones

ORDINANCE NO. 690
Annexation

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Service of Summons
An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE CREATING SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT ASSESS-

MENT DISTRICT NO. 200-13; PROVIDING PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY
SEWER ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS THEREIN; PROVIDING FOR SPECIAL
ASSESSMENTS ACCORDING TO BENEFITS TO DEFRAY THE STATED ENTIRE COST THEREOF; DIRECT-
ING THE PREPARATION OF AN ASSESSMENT ROLL AND THE REPORTING OF THE SAME TO THE
BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS; PROVIDING FOR FILING OF SAID ROLL WITH THE CITY CLERK;
PROVIDING A TIME AND PLACE TO REVIEW SAID ASSESSMENTS AND NOTIFICATION THEREOF;
PROVIDING FOR THE CORRECTION, AND/OR CONFIRMATION AND APPROVAL OF SAID ROLL THEREAT
OR THEREAFTER; PROVIDING FOR THE ENDORSEMENT ON SAID ROLL OF SAID CONFIRMATION AND
APPROVAL; PROVIDING FOR THE DELIVERY OF SAID APPROVED ROLL TO THE EX-OFFICIO CITY
ASSESSOR; PROVIDING THAT SAID ASSESSMENT SHALL CONSTITUTE A LIEN; PRESCRIBING THE
METHOD OF PAYING SAID ASSESSMENTS AND THE INTEREST THEREON; PROVIDING FOR THE
DISPOSITION OF SAID ASSESSMENTS; DIRECTING THE NOTIFICATION BY MAIL WEEN AND WHERE
SAID ASSESSMENT IS DUE AND PAYABLE; RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CONFIRMING ALL ACTION
HERETOFORE TAKEN TOWARD MAKING SAID IMPROVEMENT IN SAID DISTRICT, TOWARD US CREA-
TION AND TOWARD LEVYING AND EFFECTING SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS; AND PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain
and Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be instructed to request the Southern
Nevada Telephone Company to appear at the Commission meeting of February 1, 1956
to report on the progress being made on the installation of telephones in new
subdivisions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 623 BY PROVIDING RE-

QUIREMENTS FOR THE INSTALLATION OF LAWN SPRINKLING SYSTEMS, PERMANENT AND RENTAL
WATER SOFTENING EQUIPMENT; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS; PROVIDING FOR
EXAMINATION OF PERSONS ENGAGED IN THE INSTALLATION OF LAWN SPRINKLING SYSTEMS
AND PERMANENT AND RENTAL WATER SOFTENING EQUIPMENT; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROP-
ERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARIS OF ORDINANCES IN CON-
FLICT HEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioner Sharp for recommenda-
tion.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City pay $200.00 per month to the Southern Nevada
Memorial Hospital for care of the jail prisoners, retroactive to May, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Whipple
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	Mayor



City Clerk	

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8h day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 29th day of December, 1955; executed by Edith Billmyer to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark,State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

Sate of Nevada, hereby certify the forgoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 10th day of February, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

'J For: Decatur Boulevard

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Assessment District
No. 200-13

TELEPHONE SERVICE

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Water Sprinkling
Systems

HOSPITAL SERVICES
Las Vegas, Nevada

January 23, 1956

A special meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held, this 23rd day of January, 1956 was called, to order at the hour of 4.15 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C.D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 5557 in the total
Amount of $6,946.25 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. David Goldwater, representing the businessmen on South 5th Street between
Oakey Boulevard and San Francisoo Avenue appeared before the Commission and re-
quested relief from the ban of curb parking in this area. Mr. Goldwater stated
that these people would like to have the ordinance repealed for a period of time
and would work with the City towards a solution for the problem in this area.

Mr. Dan Crane said that they had met with Mayor Baker previously and had suggested
the following solutions:

1)	Installation of a stop light on San Francisco Avenue, and diversion of the
traffic to the Boulder Highway.

2) Cut A Street through and use it as a traffic artery.

3) Remove the second island at 5th and Main and make it 18" wide.

4)	Install a stop light at Oakey Boulevard and 5th Street.

Mr. Leigh Ellsworth and Mr. Marion Earl also spoke and requested that the curb
parking ban be lifted.

Mr. Otis Wright of the Highway Department stated that the islands at 5th and Main
were placed there to protect cars making a left hand turn, and could not be made
narrower and serve the purpose.

Mr. Leonard Fayle of the Parking and Traffic Commission asked what the average traffic
flow at 5th and Main was.

Mr. Wright answered that 29,000 cars passed this intersection during a 24 hour period.

The meeting recessed at 5.15 P.M. The meeting reconvened at the hour of 5.45 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening sessions

Commissioner Bunker stated that he believed that when the Commission considered
this problem at the out set they did it in good faith. Furthermore, their decision
was reached after careful consideration, and if there was a mistake made it was when
the businessmen to be affected were not notified. He commended the Parking and Traf-
fic Commission for the work they have done and the City appreciates it immensely.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Ordinance No. 671 eliminating curb parking on South
5th Street between Oakey and San Francisco be repealed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Temp Whipple voting aye;
hoes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Parking and Traffic Commission be directed to
make a detailed study of parking between San Francisco and Oakey Boulevard and
present the facts and findings, at which time if conditions still exist, then the
Commission will institute a new parking area in that zone; further that this study
be completed within sixty days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Temp Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker said that he thought it was incumbent on the people in the area
to do something about parking. That they should come up with concrete suggestions.

He further stated that it was not the intention of the Commission or the Parking
and Traffic Commission to eliminate parking on 5th Street north of Oakey Boulevard.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he felt the businessmen should report to the City
within thirty to forty-five days as to the progress being made.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANT

SOUTH 5TH STREET
CURB PARKING
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	Date:	1-23-56

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be
held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, on the 23rd day of January, 1956, at the hour of 4.00 P.M. to
consider the following matters:

1.	Elimination of curb parking on South 5th Street between Oakey Blvd, and San Francisco Avenue.

2.	Service & Material Warrant No. 5557 in the total amount of $6,946.25.

3.	Petition to CAB for additional air service by Continental Air Lines to Las Vegas.

4.	Ordinance to repeal Ordinance No. 675; Hypodermic Ordinance.

5.	Rezoning of Paradise Park.

6.	Apartment house on Baltimore Avenue.

/s/ REED WHIPPLE
Mayor Pro Tem

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: CD. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H.
KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a special
meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Council Chambers of
the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 23rd day of January, 1956, at the hour of 4.00 P.M. to consider the fol-
lowing matters:

1.	Elimination of curb parking on South 5th Street between Oakey Blvd, and San Francisco Avenue.

2.	Service & Material Warrant No. 5557 in the total amount of $6,946.25.

3.	Petition to CAB for additional air service by Continental Air Lines to Las Vegas.

4.	Ordinance to repeal Ordinance No. 657; Hypodermic Ordinance.

5.	Rezoning of Paradise Park.

6.	Apartment House on Baltimore Avenue.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/ REED WHIPPLE	RALSTON O. HAWKINS Asst. City Atty

E.W. FOUNTAIN	A.H. KENNEDY

HARRIS P. SHARP	ROBERT W. NOTTI

WENDELL BUNKER

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 671 ENTITLED "AN

ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 58, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 19^9, BY
ADDING A NEW SUBSECTION TO PREVENT VEHICLE PARKING ON SOUTH FIFTH STREET BETWEEN
OAKEY BOULEVARD AND SAN FRANCISCO STREET; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATING;
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND PRO-
VIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO", was read by title and referred to
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 675 ENTITLED:"AN

ORDINANCE PROHIBITING SALES OF HYPODERMIC SYRINGES OR NEEDLES EXCEPT TO DULY
AUTHORIZED PERSONS AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ILLEGAL POSSESSION THEREOF, AND
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.", was read by title and referred to Com-
missioners Sharp and Whipple for recommendation.

The Commission considered the request of Continental Air Lines that the City petition
the CAB for additional service into Las Vegas.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City of Las Vegas file a petition to intervene
in the Service to Phoenix Case of the Continental Air Lines.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels appeared before the Commission concerning the application of
property owners to rezone Paradise Park from R-3 and R-4 to R-l. Mrs. Houssels re-
quested that the Building Department be directed to stop the issuance of building
permits in this area until the applications for rezoning can be considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance until the next regular
meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time Mr. Mel Cooper and his attorney, Mr. Harry Claiborne appeared before
the Commission concerning the stop order placed on his apartments at 129-131 Balti-
more Avenue.

Mr. Cooper presented the plans for his construction as approved by the Planning Com-
mission, and stated that there were only eight units to be rented.

Discussion was held and Mr. Cooper was advised that this apartment house would be
checked when completed to see that there were only eight rentals.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the contract
with Motorola Communications and Electronics for the maintenance of radio units.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested authorization for payment of $1400 for Address-O-
Graph plates and printing for the sewer rental bills.

Commissioner Sharp moved this payment be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

	APPROVED:

ATTEST:

____________________

 City Clerk	Mayor

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Repealing Hypodermic
Ordinance

CONTINENTAL AIR LINES
Petition for Service

PARADISE PARK REZONING



APARTMENT ON BALTIMORE
AVENUE

MOTOROLA CONTRACT

ADDRESS-O-GRAPH

EQUIPMENT


Las Vegas, Nevada

February 1, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 1st day of February, 1956, was called to
order at the hour of 7.45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

This being the time set for Raymond Salmon to appear before the Com-
mission to show cause why his tavern license for the Bonanza Bar, 4l8
W. Bonanza should not be revoked, Mr. Salmon and his attorney Harry'

Claiborne were present.

Mr. Claiborne stated that Mr. Salmon had been requested to appear be-
fore the Commission on January 18, 1956 to show cause why his license
should not be revoked for reported sale of liquor to minors, but that
this case was dismissed in Municipal Court on January 17, 1956 and the
bartender completely exonerated. Mr. Claiborne further stated that
Mr. Salmon was unable to appear before the Commission on January l8th
since he was under arrest for alleged possession of stolen liquor and
that this matter comes up for preliminary hearing in the Justice Court
on February 6, 1956. He advised the Commission that Mr. Salmon's busi-
ness had been closed on January 20th and requested that Mr. Salmon be
allowed to open his bar.

The Commission decided to hold this matter in abeyance until a later
point in the evening so that discussion can be held with the City At-
torney.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 56.2 for seed and ferti-
lizer for the Golf Course, Park and Cemetery, bids were received from
the following firms:

Clark County Wholesale
Desert Nursery
Garden Center

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and Mayor

Baker voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.3 for two street
sweepers, bids were received from the following firms:

C.D. Roeder Equipment Company
Clark County Wholesale
Cashman

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting
aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.4 for two motor
graders, bids were received from the following firms:

Clark County Wholesale

C.D. Roeder Equipment Company

Cashman

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City
Manager and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes,none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the adoption of the following resolution authorizing
the preparation of plans and specifications for the installation of sewers in
Bonanza pillage, known as Assessment District No. 200-13:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has heretofore taken certain action toward
the installation of a sanitary sewer system in the Bonanza Village Tract of the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the plans and specifications heretofore filed for the installa-
tion and construction of said sanitary sewer system have contemplated the in-
stallation of said system in certain streets in said Bonanza Village Tract; and

BONANZA BAR
Liquor License

BID NO. 56.2
Seed & Fertilizer



BID NO. 56.3
Street Sweepers

BID NO. 56.4
Motor Graders

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-13
WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have now
determined that the installation of said sewer in alleys and easements is in
the public interest rather than installation of the same in the streets,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of Febru-
ary, 1956, that the plats, diagrams, plans of work, the locality to be im-
proved in Special Assessment District No. 200-13 be, and they hereby are,
rejected as filed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Engineer be and he hereby is di-
rected to prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of
work and the locality to be improved, together with the estimates of cost for
the installation of a sanitary sewer system in the following area hereinafter
described, to-wit:

A certain parcel of land, lying and being situate in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a
portion of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of Section 28, Town-
ship 20 South, Range 6l East, M.D.B.& M., and being more par-
ticularly described as follows, to-wit:

All of the Bonanza Village Tract as shown by map thereof on
file in Book 2 of Plats, Page 69, in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, being bound by the center lines
of Harrison Avenue to the North, Highland Avenue, also known as
Sunny Place, to the East, Washington Avenue to the South and
Tonopah Drive to the West. Save and except those parcels or
lots in the aforementioned subdivision now being served by
sewers,

and such plats, diagrams, plans of work shall show the installation to be
made in the alleys and easements of said area wherever possible.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of February, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time Mr. H.G.O. Weiler, General Manager of the Southern Nevada
Telephone Company appeared before the Board to report on the progress be-
ing made to install telephones in new subdivisions in the City.

Mayor Baker stated that the Commission has received numerous complaints from
people able to buy telephone service that they cannot get information as to
when they will get service.

Mr. Weiler stated that since the last meeting with the Commission the fol-
lowing developments have been made. Distribution lines have been run to
Madsen Manor, Westleigh, Eastwood, Charleston Park, Jubilee, Rancho Circle,
Rancho Road and Hyde Park. Madsen Manor is completely spliced and the
majority of phones have been installed. The installation of telephones in
Westleigh is approximately 50% complete. He explained that since October
tehy have installed 2053 new telephones exclusive of the resort hotels and
the disconnects are in excess of 3,000. He advised the Commission that a
new switchboard for City Hall has been received and should be in operation
by the end of the week.

Mayor Baker asked Mr. Weiler what back log of applicants for service were on
file at the present time.

Mr. Weiler stated that there were approximately 3500.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels suggested that an expert accountant and engineer in
this field be hired to make an independent report on the telephone service.

Mr. Ben Kump, president of the Twin Lakes Home Owners Association, stated
that this subdivision was without service and according to the schedule it
did not appear that that would have it very soon. He suggested that the
Commission institute action to have the franchise of the Telephone Company
condemned.

The Commission took the suggestions under advisement and the hearing was
closed.

The application of Eugene Stanfill to operate an auto salvage business at
222 West Wyoming in an M-2 zone was considered at this time. The Board of
Adjustment recommended that this application be approved.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Eugene Stanfill for a use permit to operate an auto salvage
business at 222 West Wyoming; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application provided that the burning of excess waste materials
is allowed only in an enclosed pit or other facility constructed in a manner
	2-1-56

TELEPHONE SERVICE

USE PERMIT - U-l-56
Eugene Stanfill
to be designated by the Fire Prevention Bureau and that the applicant con-
struct a sidewalk along the frontage of the property in accordance with
City standards and specifications;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Eugene Stanfill for a Use Permit to operate an auto salvage business at
222 West Wyoming be and the same hereby is approved subject to the con-
ditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Hale B. Slavin for a Use
Permit to convert an existing dwelling into a professional office building
at 1602 E. Charleston Boulevard. The Board of Adjustment approved this ap-
plication subject to the condition that the applicant install at his own ex-
pense the necessary off-site improvements on East Charleston Boulevard.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Dr. Hale B. Slavin for a use permit to convert an existing
dwelling into a professional office building at 1602 E. Charleston Boulevard;
and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application subject to the condition that the applicant in-
stall at his own expense the necessary off-site improvements on East Charles-
ton Boulevard;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr.

Hale B. Slavin for a use permit to convert an existing dwelling into a pro-
fessional office building at 1602 E. Charleston Boulevard be and the same
hereby is approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Ad-
justment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Bunker declared that he had sold the property to Dr. Slavin several
months ago, and then voted "aye".

Consideration was given to the application of Lloyd Skrenes to maintain an
off-street parking lot on Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract	The

motion of the Board of Adjustment to adopt a resolution recommending the
approval of the Use Permit was declared defeated by a split vote of "2 to
2", and referred to the Commission with the technical recommendation that
it be denied.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels appeared on behalf of the Maryland Park Manor Apart-
ments and protested the granting of this use permit.

Commissioners Fountain moved this use permit be approved subject to compliance
with the Code, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting of the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Lloyd Skrenes for a variance to maintain an off-street parking
lot on Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract #2; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
technically denying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Lloyd Skrenes for a use permit to maintain an off-street parking lot on Lots
1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract #2 be and the same hereby is approved sub-
ject to compliance with the Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

The Commission considered the application of Harry R. Lahr for a variance to
construct a service station at the southwest corner of 25th and Bonanza. The
Board of Adjustment recommended that this application for variance be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be denied, and the fol-
lowing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Harry R. Lahr for a variance to construct a service station at
the southwest comer of 25th and Bonanza; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment de-
nying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Harry
R. Lahr for a variance to construct a service station at the southwest comer
of 25th and Bonanza be and the same hereby is denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

USE PERMIT - U-2-56
Dr. H.B. Slavin

USE PERMIT - U-3-56
Dr. D.N. Leavitt

VARIANCE - V-l-56
Consideration was given to the application of Ted C. Longley for variance
to construct an addition to an existing house to within 20 feet of the rear
property line at 1513 South 9th Street (Lot 8, Block 2, Park Manor #2). The
Board of Adjustment recommended this application he approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Ted C. Longley for a variance to construct an addition to an
existing house to within 20 feet of the rear property line at 1513 South 9th
Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Ted
C. Longley for a variance to construct an addition to an existing house to
within 20 feet of the rear property line at 1513 South 9th Street be and
the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The Commission considered the application of Murray H. Phillipson for variance
to build an addition to a veterinarian hospital at 1720 South Main Street.

The Board of Adjustment recommended this application for variance be adopted.
Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered
the application of Murray H. Phillipson for a variance to build an addition
to a veterinarian hospital at 1720 South Main Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE it is the decision of this Board that the application of Murray
H. Phillipson for a variance to construct an addition to a veterinarian hos-
pital at 1720 South Main Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Sunrise Estates be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp stated that he had done a little work for the subdivider,
and passed his vote.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Lulu C Subdivision be deferred
until next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp add carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The Commission was advised that the bid of A.D. Machinery on Bid No. 56.4 had
not been opened with the other bids because it was thought that this firm did
not have a City license; however, the records had been checked and it was
found that A.D. Machinery did hold a valid license. Thereafter this bid
was opened.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid of A.D. Machinery on Bid No. 56.4 be
referred along with the other bids to the City Manager and Director of Public
Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At the hour of 9.40 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at
the hour of 10.00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Director of Planning Franklin Bills presented a report on a workable program
for urban renewal on the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held until the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

VARIANCE - V-2-56
Ted C. Longley



VARIANCE - V-3-56
Murray H. Phillipson

SUNRISE ESTATES
Tentative Map

LULU C. SUBDIVISION



BID NO. 56.4
URBAN RENEWAL


Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Thomas Gay Myers for an exten-
sion of 6 months to install sidewalks in front of Lot 2, Block 1, South
5th Street Tract he granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Elmer Mikkelsen and Betty
Douglas Wilson for a 60 day extension of time on the installation of
sidewalks at the intersection of South 5th and South Main Streets, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the work of Longley Construction Company on
Schedule D of the Trunk Sewers be accepted and their bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements in Charleston Heights Tract Nos.

1 and 2 be accepted and the performance bonds on these tracts released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer be authorized to advertise for
bids for Stage 1 of the construction of Washington Avenue from 5th to 25th
Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer be authorized to advertise for
bids for the construction of the fire alarm building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved teh City Engineer be authorized to advertise for
bids for the construction of the Outfall Sewer line, said bids to be opened
March 7; 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 10320 to 10801 inclusive
in the net amount of $68,016.35 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrant Nos. 5559 to
5694 in the total amount of $39,170.56 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of January 18 and 23, 1956 be ap-
proved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk Authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Will Max Schwartz for a beer
license at The Little Joint, 1602 South A Street and the application of
Harry Herst for a beer license at the Sauc-E-Pig Drive Inn, 2111 E . Fremont
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Merv Adelson for a Limited
Retail Liquor license at Market Town, 22 E. Oakey be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the fallowing vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, non.

After next paragraph.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Boulder Club to add part-
ners to the liquor and gaming licenses be held until the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SIDEWALK: INSTALLATION
T. Gay Myers

Mikkelsen & Wilson

TRUNK SEWER

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
Tract Nos. 1 & 2
Bonds Released

WASHINGTON STREET
IMPROVEMENT

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Bids to be Received

OUTFALL SEWER
Bids to be Received

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New/

LIQUOR APPLICATION -Renewal
LIQUOR & GAMING
 APPLICATIONS
Addition of Partners
Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ellsworth Baker for renewal
of the Retail Beverage license at the Westside Shopping Center, 1315 North
D Street, he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for new gaming licenses
for the first quarter of 1956 be approved:

BONANZA BAR	P.J. & John Buckley	4l8 W. Bonanza	1 Slot

NEW YORKER BAR	P.J. & John Buckley	115 South 1st	1 slot

SAUCE-E-PIG BARBECUE    O.W.Glenn	2111 Fremont	2 slots

TED WIENS TEXACO        M.J. Wiens	201 South 5th	2 slots

STATION

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ellsworth Baker for renewal of
license for 3 slot machines at the Westside Shopping Center, 1315 North D
Street, and Baker's Hdwe, 1318 North D Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Henry C. Remoliff to move the Saratoga
Race Book from 114 South 1st to 17 Fremont be tabled until the State Tax
Commission has taken action on the application.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the re-
tail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

DEL MAR HOTEL	Louis D. Smith	l4ll South 5th

EL CORTEZ GIFT SHOP	Albert Hamilton	600 Fremont

HORSESHOE CLUB	By: Ruth Cohen	128 Fremont

JOHNS NEWS & SHINE

PARLOR	Spencer Johns	510 Jackson

PINKY'S LIQUOR STORE	Hugh Pinkstaff	1232 South 5th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for renewal Of taxi
licenses be approved:

UNION CAB COMPANY	Clella May Keckler	1122 E. Carson	7 taxis

NORTH LAS VEGAS TAXI	Jack White	1808 No. Main	2 taxis

BOULDER CAB CO.	Lee Speirs	722 North Main	8 taxis

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Jack Wollenzien for a firearms
permit at Vegas Village, 1500 North 5th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Peter Dixon for damages of $3,000.00
for injuries received when he fell in an unsighted sewer ditch located in
the alley between Madison and Jefferson and D and F Streets be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance to adopt the 1955 Edition of the Plumbing Code requested additional
time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the pro-
posed ordinance providing for 2nd Inspection Fees requested additional time
before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING THE PLANNING AND ZONING ORDI-

NANCE KNOWN AS CHAPTER 24 OF THE CODE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, 1949, SECTION
20 PROVIDING FOR THE USES OF LAND IN A C-1 ZONE; REQUIRING PROVISION FOR OFF-
STREET PARKING; PROVIDING FOR PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported on favor-
ably by Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, was read in full to the Board.

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Renewal

GAMING APPLICATION

New

GAMING APPLICATION
Renewal

GAMING APPLICATION
Saratoga Race Book



CIGARETTE LICENSES



TAXI APPLICATIONS

FIREARMS PERMIT

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Peter Dixon

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
2nd Inspection Fee

ORDINANCE NO. 696
Planning Commission
C-1 Zones 
Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 696 be adopted:
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and parried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING CITY OFFICERS, INSPECTORS

AND EMPLOYEES CHARGED WITH THE ENFORCEMENT OF CITY ORDINANCES TO PREPARE
AND SERVE SUMMONS ON PERSONS CHARGED WITH VIOLATION OF CITY ORDINANCES,
SUMMONSING THEM TO APPEAR IN COURT AT A TIME SPECIFIED TO ANSWER THE
CHARGE AGAINST THEM; PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO APPEAR AS SUM
MONSED; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been
reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, was read in full
to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 695 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time Commissioners Fountain and Whipple reported unfavorably on the
proposed ordinance on Assessment District No. 200-13.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance not be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honorvoting aye;
noes, none.



Commissioner Sharp, member of the committee for recommendation on the pro-
posed ordinance on Lawn Sprinkling Systems requested additional time before
reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 675 ENTITLED:

"AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING SALES OF HYPODERMIC SYRINGES OR NEEDLES EXCEPT
TO DULY AUTHORIZED PERSONS AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ILLEGAL POSSESSION
THEREOF, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO", was reported on
favorably by Commissioners Sharp and Whipple and read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 691 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 671 ENTITLED

"AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 58, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
1949, BY ADDING A NEW SUBSECTION TO PREVENT VEHICLE PARKING ON SOUTH FIFTH
STREET BETWEEN OAKEY BOULEVARD AND SAN FRANCISCO STREET; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATING; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PORTS OF ORDINANCES IN CON-
FLICT THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO" having
been reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, was read
in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 694 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following
ordinance, which was thereupon read in full and at length, and is as fol-
lows :

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 693

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF DESIGNATED STREETS
AND PARTS OF STREETS IN STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 1OO-36
AS CREATED BY EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 665 BY PROVIDING FOR THE PREPARATION
OF AN AMENDED ASSESSMENT ROLL AND THE REPORTING OF THE SAME TO TEH BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS; PROVIDING FOR FILING OF SAID AMENDED ROLL WITH THE CITY CLERK;
PROVIDING A TIME AND PLACE TO REVIEW SAID ASSESSMENTS AND NOTIFICATION
THEREOF; PROVIDING FOR THE CORRECTION AND/OR CONFIRMATION AND APPROVAL OF
SAID AMENDED ROLL THEREAT OR THEREAFTER; PROVIDING FOR THE INDORSEMENT OF
SAID AMENDED ROLL OF SAID CONFIRMATION AND APPROVAL; PROVIDING FOR THE
DELIVERY OF SAID APPROVED ROLL TO THE EX OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR; PROVIDING
THAT SAID ASSESSMENTS SHALL CONSTITUTE A LIEN; PRESCRIBING THE METHOD OF
PAYING SAID ASSESSMENTS AND THE INTEREST THEREON; PROVIDING FOR THE DISPO-
SITION OF SAID ASSESSMENTS; DIRECTING THE NOTIFICATION BY MAIL WHEN AND
WHERE SAID ASSESSMENT IS DUE AND PAYABLE; RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CONFIRM-
ING ALL ACTION HERETOFORE TAKEN TOWARD IMPROVING SAID STREETS AND PARTS OF
STREETS IN SAID DISTRICT, TOWARDS ITS CREATION AND TOWARD LEVYING AND EF-
FECTING SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS; AWARDING A CONTRACT FOR THE WORK TO BE DONE
IN SAID DISTRICT; ESTABLISHING THE COST OF SAID DISTRICT; PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO, AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

ORDINANCE NO. 695
Service of Summons

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Assessment District
No. 206-13

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Lawn Sprinkling
Systems

ORDINANCE NO. 691
Repeal of Hypodermic
Ordinance

ORDINANCE NO. 694
Repeal of 5th Street
Curb Parking Ban

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 109-36
Ordinance No. 693
WHEREAS, The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
and State of Nevada have created Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-36 and have
taken certain steps toward the completion of said district; and

WHEREAS, it has "been found necessary to file an amended assessment roll and take the nec-
essary steps in conjunction therewith as provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas does ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the Acting
Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby em-
powered, authorized and directed to make forthwith, and amended Assessment roll for Street Im-
provement Assessment District No. 100-36 in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned
Special Assessment District, such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied in said District,
as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of land from
the improvement.

SECTION 2. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment,
he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report
shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the amended assessment
roll, which certificate shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That after said amended special assessment roll shall have been prepared and
reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

SECTION 4. That before said amended special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by
said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City
Clerk on or before Wednesday, the 15th day of February, 1956, at 8.00 o'clock P.M., at the City
Hall in said City, and said time and place are hereby fixed as the time and place when and where
said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider
objections to said amended special assessment roll and to review said assessment.

SECTION 5. That after filing said amended special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she
shall publish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to re-
view the assessments at least once a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas. Said notice shall be in the form prescribed by
the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 6. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the
Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned
meeting, review the assessments and hear any objection to said assessments which may be made by
any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may cor-
rect the same as to any assessment or description of the premises appearing therein, and may
confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment back
to said Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment in which
case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 7. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall
make an indorsement upon the amended roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the
form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided,
it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor,
Acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the amended assessment roll as confirmed by the Board of Com-
missioners with her certificate of such confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County As-
sessor, Acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record
such amended assessment roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of
such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the
contents of such amended assessment roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts
and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of
the validity of the assessment and amended assessment roll.

SECTION 9- That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of
confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land
assessed. The special assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots
and parcels of land assessed until paid.

SECTION 10. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County
Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, Acting Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collec-
tor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within two weeks after said amended special assessment
roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and without demand; provided, that all such
assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the owner, be paid in installments
with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any part
thereof, within said period of two weeks shall be conclusively considered and held an elec-
tion on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in
such installments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments
shall be payable at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal
installments of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and pay-
able on or before the 1st day of March, 1957, and the remainder of said installments shall be
due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in
full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal from the
1st day of March, 1956, at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assess-
ment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per
centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer, the
first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of March, 1957,
and the remainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st
day of March in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment whether of principal
or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and pay-
able immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall
thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but
at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid install-
ments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall
thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if
default had not been suffered.
The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time,
pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest
paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of
Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of
Clark County, Acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and
directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special
column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County,
the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as
other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 11. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected,
shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No.
1OO-36 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking
fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of the special assessment improvement
bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the pur-
pose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied
to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for
any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 12. That after said amended assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said
Ex-Officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-Officio City As-
sessor, whose name appears on said amended assessment roll, by United States of America mail,
that an assessment has been levied against said person and the designated property in said
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 1OO-36 and shall state therein when and where said
assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 13. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this Ordinance)
heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the
paving, curbing and guttering, and installing concrete valey gutters on certain streets and
parts of streets therein and otherwise improving certain streets and parts of streets in said
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-36, toward the creation of said District, and
toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be and the
same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 14. That V.C. Mendenhall, Inc., the successful bidder on the contract for said
district shall be and hereby is awarded the contract to do the work provided for in said dis-
trict, and all proceedings heretofore taken in the award of said contract are hereby ratified,
approved and confirmed.

SECTION 15. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including al1
incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs
of construction and the fees and compensation properly charged in teh work of making special
assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made according to the benefits against
the owners and the assessable lots,premises and property specially benefited by such improve-
ments and included within said District, proportionately to the benefits received. The entire
cost add expense of making said improvements are deemed to be $624,446.72 and the total of
the special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION l6. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws,
orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 17. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses, or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not
affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be con-
fined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordi-
nance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any
section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not
affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other
instances.

SECTION 18. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are
inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it
is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby
declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate
preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 19. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks im-
mediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately fol-
lowing the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of February, 1956.

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker
Those voting "Nay": None Absent:	None

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

____________________________ C.D. BAKER, Mayor

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing
ordinance. The question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the
roll was called with the following result:	Those voting aye:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting nay: none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordi-
nance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner
Bunker, that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended,
the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be and
the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final pas-
sage and adoption of said ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of
the rules, the roll was called with the following result:	Those voting

aye:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced
and read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion, and the question being upon its
passage, the roll was called with the following results:	Those voting

aye; Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those
voting nay; none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having
voted in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was
duly passed and adopted.

Commissioner Whipple moved this ordinance be numbered 693.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following ordi-
nance, which was thereupon read in full and at length, and is as follows:

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 692

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO AMEND EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 666 ENTITLED "AN EMERGENCY
ORDINANCE CREATING SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-17; PRO-
VIDING PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER ALONG CERTAIN STREETS, AND
ALLEYS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS AND ALLEYS AND EASEMENTS THEREIN; PROVIDING FOR SPEC-
IAL ASSESSMENTS ACCORDING TO BENEFITS TO DEFRAY THE STATED ENTIRE COST THEREOF; DI-
RECTING THE PREPARATION OF AN ASSESSMENT ROLL AND THE REPORTING OF THE SAME TO THE
BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS; PROVIDING FOR FILING OF SAID ROLL WITH THE CITY CLERK; PRO-
VIDING A TIME AND PLACE TO REVIEW SAID ASSESSMENTS AND NOTIFICATION THEREOF; PROVID-
ING FOR THE CORRECTION, AND/OR CONFIRMATION AND APPROVAL OF SAID ROLL THEREAT OR
THEREAFTER; PROVIDING FOR THE ENDORSEMENT ON SAID ROLL OF SAID CONFIRMATION AND AP-
PROVAL; PROVIDING FOR THE DELIVERY OF SAID APPROVED ROLL TO THE EX-OFFICIO CITY AS-
SESSOR; PROVIDING THAT SAID ASSESSMENT SHALL CONSTITUTE A LIEN; PRESCRIBING THE
METHOD OF PAYING SAID ASSESSMENTS AND THE INTEREST THEREON; PROVIDING FOR THE DIS-
POSITION OF SAID ASSESSMENTS; DIRECTING THE NOTIFICATION BY MAIL WHEN AND WHERE
SAID ASSESSMENT IS DUE AND PAYABLE; RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CONFIRMING ALL ACTION
HERETOFORE TAKEN TOWARDS MAKING SAID IMPROVEMENT IN SAID DISTRICT, TOWARDS ITS
CREATION AND TOWARD LEVYING AND EFFECTING SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS; PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY," BY AMENDING SECTION 3 TO
PROPERLY DESCRIBE THE LOCATION OF THE IMPROVEMENTS; BY AMENDING SECTION 4 TO PRO-
VIDE A NEW ASSESSMENT TOTAL; BY AMENDING SECTION 15 PROVIDING FOR THE METHOD AND
TIME OF MAKING PAYMENTS ON THE ASSESSMENTS LEVIED; RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CON-
FIRMING ALL ACTION HERETOFORE TAKEN TOWARD MAKING SAID IMPROVEMENT IN SAID DISTRICT,
TOWARDS ITS CREATION AND TOWARD LEVYING AND EFFECTING SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS; PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark and State of Nevada have created Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District
No. 200-17; and,

WHEREAS, said district was created by Emergency Ordinance No. 666 which Ordinance
must be amended in certain particulars.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN
AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. Section 3 of Emergency Ordinance No. 666 is hereby amended to read
as follows:

That the streets and alleys and parts of streets and alleys and easements in and
along which the Board proposes to install vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 24 and 25 Valley View Addition.

East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 20,21,26,27 and 28 Valley View Addition, from
the easterly line of Lot 6 of each Block eastwardly to the existing sewer in"R"
Street.

ADAMS AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, 390 feet Westerly; WASHINGTON

AVENUE from the intersection of "H" Street, 500 feet Westerly

"H" St. from the intersection of Washington Avenue to the intersection of Adams

Avenue.

2-1-56

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-17
Ordinance No. 692


The East-West alley bisecting Block 32, HFM&M Addition from the center line of "H"

Street, 79½ feet eastwardly to an existing sever in said alley.

SECTION 2. Section 4 of Emergency Ordinance No. 666 is hereby amended to
read as follows:

That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all
incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including,
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assess-
ments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation properly charged in
the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made
according to the benefits against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and
property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said District,
proportionately to the benefits received. The entire cost and expense of making
said improvements are deemed to be $20,207.91 and the total of the special assessments
so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 3. Section 15 of Emergency Ordinance No. 666 is hereby amended to
read as follows:

That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County
Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio
Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within two weeks after said special
assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and without demand; pro-
vided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the
owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to
pay the whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said period of two weeks shall
be conclusively considered and held an election on the part of all persons interested,
whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such
election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office
of the said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments
of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable
on or before the 1st day of February, 1957; and the remainder of said installments
shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year there-
after until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred in-
stallments or principal from the 1st day of February, 1956, at the same rate of in-
terest as that provided for in' the special assessment bonds to be hereafter authorized,
sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable
annually at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of
interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of February, 1957; and the re-
mainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day
of February in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of
principal or interest , when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to
become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and
accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum,
until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of sale, the owner may pay the
amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum,
and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be be restored to the right thereafter
to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The
owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any
time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the
next interest paying date,

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax
roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County
Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is
hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and
to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and
the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio
Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect
the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes
are collected.

SECTION 4. That all action (not inconsistent with the provision of this ordi-
nance, including the confirmation of Assessment Roll No. 36-1956, and the award of
the construction contract, heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers
of said City, directed toward the making of said improvements by installing a sanitary
sewer along certain streets, alleys and easements and portions of streets, alleys
and easements therein in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17,
toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assess-
ments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified, approved
and confirmed.

SECTION 5. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts of
by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby
repealed.

SECTION 6. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of
this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such judgment
shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance,
but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses
or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one
or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and
validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 7. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las
Vegas is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabi-
tants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer system,
therefore, it is hereby declared that exists, and that this ordinance is necessary
for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 8. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two suc-
cessive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall be-
come effective immediately following the second publication hereof.
PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this _____ day of _______ 1956.

(SEAL)	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk



Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioners	____ ____________

THose voting "Nay":

Absent:

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Commissioner Whipple then duly seconded the motion to adopt the fore-
going ordinance. The question being upon the adoption of said ordi-
nance, the roll was called with the following result:	Those voting

aye; Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Those voting nay:	none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the
ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by Commissioner
Whipple that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless sus-
pended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting
be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the
final passage and adoption of said ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension
of the rules, the roll was called with the following result:	Those

voting aye:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor

Baker. Those voting nay:	none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules sus-
pended.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced
and read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced
and read in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.



Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, and the question being upon its
passage, the roll was called with the following results:	Those voting

aye:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Those voting nay; none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having
voted in favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance
was duly passed and adopted.

Commissioner Sharp moved this ordinance be numbered 692.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE	An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE

Annexation	CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOING AND EON-

	TIGUOUSTO THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TER-

RITORY AND INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND
ORDINANCES; ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE
OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and
referred to Commissioners Sharp and Whipple for recommendation.

COUNTY SANITATION	Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor be authorized to write a letter to the

DISTRICT	County Sanitation District advising them of the property the city intends

	to annex.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.
City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented the request of the Jewish Community
Center for permission to put in the street improvements at 17th and
Bracken by the time their building is completed in September of this
year add the off-site improvements including the sidewalks and street
lights to be installed within a year.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker passed his vote.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that C.G. Luzier of Cliff's 5th
Street Market had been given 60 days on November 16, 1955 to replace the
curb and gutter along his property at 5th and Gass, and this time had ex-
pired and the order has not been complied with.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Luzier be granted 30 days to replace the
curb and gutter and if the work is not done that the Engineering Department
have the work done at Mr. Luzier's expense.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Commis-
sioner Whipple and Mayor Baker passed their votes.

City Manager Kennedy explained that on February 8th the Boy Scouts would take
over the City government. He stated that last year some of the departments
had from ten to twenty boys that they had to take to lunch, and he requested
that the City pay for those instances where there are a number of Boy Scouts
in one department.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be left to the discretion of the City
Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the lease with Bruce Beckley and Virginia Richardson
for the parking lot at the comer of 6th and Carson be approved providing there
is a stipulation that the lessor cannot cancel the lease sooner than one year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the liquor license of Raymond Salmon for the Bonanza
Bar, 4l8 W. Bonanza be held in abeyance in the same status as it is.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing the notification
of property owners within Assessment District No. 200-17 that they may pay
said assessments within two weeks, be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, and the State of
Nevada, and the officers thereof, have taken action to install a sanitary
sewer along certain streets, and alleys and portions of streets and alleys
and easements therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment
District No. 200-17 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, the Assessment Roll No. 36-1956 was duly confirmed on the l8th
day of January, 1956; and

WHEREAS, Section 15 of Emergency Ordinance No. 666, as amended by Section
3 of Emergency Ordinance No. 692, provides for a cash payment period within two
weeks after the said Assessment Roll is confirmed and approved; and

WHEREAS, the time has now come to notify the owners of the premises
assessed that they may within said period of two weeks pay the full assessment
in cash,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at. a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of February, 1956,
that the Director of Finance of the City of Las Vegas, acting for the County
Assessor, Ex-Officio City Assessor, be and he hereby is directed to notify in
writing all owners of the property assessed that they may pay said assessment
in full within said period of two weeks from this date.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notices shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 1st day of February, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

JEWISH COMMUNITY
CENTER

Installation of

Improvements

CURB REPLACEMENT

G.C. Luzier



BOY SCOUT WEEK



PARKING LOT -
Bruce Beckley



BONANZA BAR

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-17
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Las Verdes Heights No. 1 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following resolution directing the
Nocie of Public Hearing on Assessment District 100-36 be adopted and order
made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 665, passed, adopted and approved the 21st day of November, 1955.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665 directs the County
Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an assessment roll in accordance
with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment
Roll in accordance with said Ordinance and on the 5th day of October, 1955,
filed said Assessment Roll with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all
as directed in Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665; and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
as directed by Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665; and

WHEREAS, it has been found necessary to file an amended assessment roll
for said district all as provided for in Section 1 of Emergency Ordinance No.
693; passed, adopted and approved the 1st day of February, 1956; and

WHEREAS, SAID AMENded assessment roll has been prepared and reported to
said Board and filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assessment
to be published as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of February,
1956, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she
is hereby directed to publish notice of the time and place when and where the
Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to con-
sider objections to said amended special assessment roll and to review said
assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be
published once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be in
substantially the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of February, 1956.

ATTEST:	_________________________

Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS #1
Tentative Map



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36

Notice of Public Hearing
Las Vegas, Nevada

February 6, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 6th day of February, 1956 was called to order at the hour
of 5.00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager Robert W. Notti
City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Director of Planning- Franklin Bills
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

The Commission considered the application of Ernest Amante, Peter Amante,

George Chapman, Samuel J. Spinuzzi, James Fellers, Garnet Myers and Curtis
L. Morris for transfer of the gaming and liquor licenses for teh Boulder
Club, 118 Fremont.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ernest Amante et al for gaming
license for 132 slots, 1 Bridge, 4 Craps, 6 "21", 1 Roulette, 1 Race Horse
Keno, 2 Pan and 1 Poker for the Boulder Club, 118 Fremont for the first
quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ernest Amante et al for the
tavern liquor license for the Boulder Club, 118 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented an easement for the Southern Nevada
Power Company which runs along the west side of the City Bams property.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this easement was necessary to allow the power
lines to be put in for service to the new buildings on the City property.

Commissioner Sharp moved this easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mayor Baker announced that Governor Russell has consented to place the sales
tax matter on the agenda for the special session of the Nevada Legislature,
and recommended that the City send Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, City At-
torney Howard Cannon and City Manager A.H. Kennedy to this meeting to repre-
sent the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City pay the expenses of Commissioners
Bunker and Sharp, City Attorney Howard Cannon and City Manager A.H. Kennedy
to attend the special session of the Nevada State Legislature to represent
the City concerning the sales tax matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mayor Baker presented the request of the County Recreation Board to borrow
the services of Recreation Director H.B. Trent for a period of two weeks
to study the recreational facilities in Clark County. Mayor Baker stated
that the City would be reimbursed for Mr. Trent's salary and travel expenses.

Commissioner Sharp moved that H.B. Trent be loaned to to the County Recreation
Board to conduct this study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Consideration was given to the request of the Board of Trustees of the Southern
Nevada Memorial Hospital that the City adopt a resolution petitioning the dele-
gations of Clank and Washoe Counties to urge the Legislature to consider the
appropriation of money to expand the diagnostic and treatment centers and re-
habilitation facilities of Clark and Washoe county hospitals.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Board of Commissioners in special session
this 6th day of February, 1956 do hereby urge the Nevada State Legislature
and particularly the delegation for Clark County, Nevada to consider and
adopt the following resolution at the special session of the Legislature new
in session:

WHEREAS, there is available to the State of Nevada, under U.S. Public
Law 482 of the 83rd Congress, amending Public Law 725, a grant of $300,000
a year to the State of Nevada, which may be utilized as follows:	$250,000

for diagnostic and treatment centers and $50,000 for rehabilitation facilities;
providing matching funds are available in the institutions applying for the use
of said funds;
and



LIQUOR & GAMING LICENSES
Boulder' Club

EASEMENT - Southern
Nevada Power Company



LEGISLATIVE SESSION
Sales Tax

COUNTY RECREATION BOARD

RESOLUTION - Expansion
of Hospital Facilities
WHEREAS, $250,000 of this grant expires July 1, 1956, and $300,000
expires July 1; 1957; and

WHEREAS; there are no matching funds at present available;

and

WHEREAS; there is a demonstrated need for improved and expanded facilities
in the aforesaid categories;

NOW; THEREFORE; the people of the State of Nevada represented in Senate
and Assembly do enact as follows:

There is hereby appropriated out of any monies in the state treasure; not
otherwise appropriated; the sum of $400,000 for the remainder of the biennium
ending June 30; 1957; to be expended by the State Dept of Health to those
county hospitals who shall meet certain standards for the proper utilization
of said funds. These standards shall be set by the State Department of Health
in accordance with Section II; Chapter 219 of Nevada Hospital Survey and Cons-
truction Act; contained in the Nevada Statutes of 1949, and in establishing
such standards; the State Department of Health shall make certain that the
hospitals receiving such funds are of sufficient size to utilize such funds
to the fullest extent; and that an organized staff of licensed physicians
and surgeons representing the different medical specialties is available
for the diagnosis and treatment of disease; and that the hospital facilities
shall include established clinical laboratories; pathology laboratories; also
radiology and electro-cardiology departments for the diagnosis of disease.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp;Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

Mr. Louis Wiener; representing the property owners along South 5th Street who
are attempting to find a solution to the traffic problem on South 5th Street
between San Francisco and Oakey Boulevard; appeared before the Commission at
this time. Mr. Wiener stated that these property owners are having difficulty
in leasing their property since the prospective tenants require a clause in
the lease that it can be terminated if the City eliminates curb parking on
South 5th Street.

Mr. Wiener stated that this group would like permission to contact the State
Highway Department and request that the islands be removed from the street and
that a traffic signal be installed at San Francisco Street. The Commission
had no objection to this request.

City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of Wells Cargo to pave the parking
lot leased from Bruce Beckly and Virginia Richardson at 6th and Carson. Mr.

Kennedy stated the cost would be $550.00 for the installation of sidewalks and
$2,244.00 for the paving of the lot. He further stated that Mr. Beckley would
pay for the installation of the sidewalk.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Wells Cargo be authorized to install sidewalks
and pave the parking lot at 6th and Carson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker; Fountain, Sharp;Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noeS; none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission; Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp;Whipple; and His Honor voting aye;
noeS; none.

APPROVED:



ATTEST:		Mayor

 City C1erk	 CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER; City Clerk; Las Vegas, Nevada	Date:	February 6, 1956

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be held
in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 6th day of February, 1956, at the hour of 4.30 P.M. to consider the
following matters:

1. Gaming and Liquor licenses of the Boulder Club; 2. Easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company, /s/ C.D. BAKER

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING	Mayor

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H.

KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of
Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a special
meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City
Hall, 9th and Stewart, on the 6th day of February, 1956, at the hour of 4.30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Gaming and Liquor licenses of the Boulder Club. 2. Easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and City Attorney of the City
if Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/ C.D. BAKER	HOWARD W. CANNON

HARRIS P. SHARP	REED WHIPPLE

E.W. FOUNTAIN	A.H. KENNEDY

WENDELLBUNKER	R.W. NOTTI

SOUTH 5TH STREET
PROPERTY OWNERS

PARKING LOT IMPROVEMENT
Las Vegas, Nevada

February 15, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 15th day of February, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7.35
P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst.City Manager	R.W.Notti

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Engineer	George E.Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board

NO. 1OO-36	of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to meet and review the assess-

Public Hearing on Assessment Roll      ments and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made on the pro-

posed improvements in Assessment District No. 100-36, as shown on the amended
Assessment Roll No. 34-1955.

The Mayor then asked if any written objections concerning said assessment
roll had been filed in the office of the City Clerk. The City Clerk ans-
wered that a petition containing 16 property owners and one letter had
been filed protesting the cost of the district, and a petition containing
three property owners on Bonanza Road had been filed objecting to assessment
because this street was not being improved.

The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any further objec-
tions, suggestions, comments, or raise any questions concerning said special
amended assessment roll.

Mrs. Jeanette Thiele appeared and stated that she was one of the three property
owners who had submitted the petition protesting the assessment because her
property fronts on Bonanza Road and she receives no benefit. It was explained
to Mrs. Thiele that she was paying for the side street.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the amended Assessment Roll No. 34-1955 be con-
firmed and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION CONFIRMING ASSESSMENT ROLL

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Ne-
vada, and the officers thereof, have taken action to improve certain streets
and parts of streets therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-36 for teh purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said City assessed the entire cost and expense of making
said improvements, including all incidental expenses which may be legally in-
cluded in the sums assessed according to benefits against the owners and as-
sessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements
and included within such District, proportionately to the benefits received; and

WHEREAS, the said Assessment Roll was filed with the City Clerk on the
5th day of October, 1955; and

WHEREAS, notice of said filing and the public hearing on said Assessment
Roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas; and

WHEREAS, Ordinance No. 693 passed, adopted and approved the 1st day of
February, 1956 called for the preparation and filing of an amended Assessment
Roll; and

WHEREAS, the notice of said filing and the public hearing on said amended
Assessment Roll were duly published and held as required by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to confirm the said amended Assessment

Roll,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof, held, on the 15th day of Febru-
ary, 1956that Assessment Roll No. 34-1955; as revised and amended be and the
same hereby is confirmed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall endorse said confir-
mation on the said roll and forward the same to the County Assessor, Ex-Of-
ficio City Assessor, for the placing of said assessments on the official rolls
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada.

DATED st Las Vegas, Nevada this 15th day of February, 1956

ATTEST:	__________________________

Mayor

City Clerk

( See Pages 106-137 this book for Assessment Roll No. 34-1955)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution directing notification of
property owners of the amount of the assessment in District No. 100-36 be adopted:

2-15-56
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS; the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada;
and the officers thereof; have taken action to improve certain streets and
parts of streets therein; and

WHEREAS; said City has created Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-36 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS; Section 10 of Ordinance No. 693 provides for a cash payment per-
 iod from the date of such confirmation; and

WHEREAS; the time has now come to notify the owners of the premises assessed
that they may within said-period of two weeks pay the full assessment in cash;

NOW; THEREFORE; BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof; held on the 15th day of February;

1956; that the Director of Finance of the City of Las Vegas; in place of the
County Assessor, Ex-Officio City Assessor; be and he hereby is directed to
notify in writing all owners of the property assessed that they may pay said
assessments in full within said period of two weeks.

DATED at Las Vegas; Nevada; this 15th day of February; 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

The Commission considered the application of Don Atkin for rezoning of a por-
tion of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 2; T21S; R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to C-1.

The Planning Commission recommended this application be approved subject to
the condition that the property be developed according to the plot plan sub-
mitted; that construction commence within five months and be completed within
an additional twelve months and that all off-site improvements be installed
and completed within seventeen months.

Mr. George Milny appeared before the Commission and explained the plans for
the proposed development of this property if the rezoning is approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. Mr. R.B. Vaile
property owner in Hillside Terrace Subdivision was present and advised the Com-
mission that 38 of the 47 home owners in this subdivision had signed a petition
protesting this rezoning. He stated that these protestants felt that this
property should be developed for single family residences.

The Mayor announced that action on this application would be held until a
later time in this meeting.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.5 for the furnishing of
five dump trucks; bids were received from the following firms:

Gaudin Motors	$25,650.20

Sellman Motors	31,665.00

Clark County Mercantile 	32,485.00
Cashman GMC Truck Co. 	27,960.75

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of

Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 56.7 for the furnishing of a
tractor and mower units, bids were received from the following firms:

Garden Center	$4,747-00

Vegas Materials	4,267.27

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred	 to the Director of

Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp;Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none.

The Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
South 4th and South 6th Streets be rezoned as follows:

1.	All property between 6th and alley running parallel to and west of 6th Street
between Bridger and Charleston be classified C-1.

2.	All property on the east side of 6th Street between 6th and the alley running
east of 6th Street; between Bridger and Charleston be classified R-4.

3.	The triangle formed by Charleston Boulevard and Gass Avenue east of 6th
Street be classified R-4.

4.	All property between 4th Street and the alley east of 4th Street from
Clark to Hoover Avenue be classified as C-1.

REZONING - Z-2-56
Don Atkin

BID NO. 56.5
Dump Trucks

BID NO. 56.7
Tractor & Mower Unit

REZONING -

South 4th and South 6th
Streets
5. The E½ of Block 28, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite be classified R-4.

6. Blocks 24,25,26 and 27 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and Blocks 11,12,15
and 16 of South Addition be classified as R-4.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted and this rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commis-
sioner Whipple declared that his home is on South 6th Street which is recommended
to be rezoned C-1, and passed his vote.

The Commission considered the petition of the LDS Church for annexation of the
N½ of the S½ and the S½ of the NW¼ and west 330 feet of the NW¼ of the NW¼ ex-
cept the north 200 feet of Section 25, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M. This petition for
annexation was recommended for approval by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this annexation. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this petition for annexation be approved and the City
Attorney instructed to prepare the required ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Lulu C Subdivision be referred
back to the Planning Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Virginia Manor ^2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the right-of-way deed from the Southern Nevada Power Company
for Bonanza and 25th Street.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED



On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of February, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 1st day of February, 1956, executed by Southern Nevada Power Co. a Corporation
of the State of Nevada to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, and that the
read property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I,	Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th day of February,
1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this l6th day of February, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By

  For:	Bonanza Road	Deputy

Consideration was given to the deed from T. Gay Myers and Byron Thornton for
Adams Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

ANNEXATION
Section 25,T20S,R6lE

LULU C SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map

VIRGINIA MANOR #2

Tentative Map

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED R/W
BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of February, 1956, by the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 10th day of February , 1956, executed by T. Gay Myers and
Agnes Walker Myers; Byron O. Thornton and Luella B. Thornton
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in-
tentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th day of February,
1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 15th day of February , 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER________

(SEAL)	Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By

Deputy

 For:	Adams Avenue

The Commission considered the deed from J.A. Gordon and Lewis D. Stein for a
ten foot easement in Lot 9, Block 3 of Mayfair Tract No. 2.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of February, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the l0th day of February , 1956 , executed by
Joseph A. Gordon and Lewis D. Stein

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th day of February,
1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand affixed my official seal
this l6th day of February , 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER__________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By

Deputy

For:

Commissioner Bunker moved the deed from the City of Las Vegas to J.A.Gordon
and Lewis D. Stein for realignment of the ten foot easement in Lot 9, Block 3
of Mayfair Tract No. 2 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jack Thomas to move a house from
218 South 5th to the northwest comer of H and Van Buren be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Owen Woodruff appeared before the Board requesting payment of
$525.00 because of the retention of his automobile by the Police Department since
December 22, 1955. Mr. Woodruff explained that he had been arrested by the Po-
lice for putting his campaign posters on telephone poles and his automobile
had been impounded.

DEED APPROVED
Gordon & Stein



HOUSE MOVING PERMIT

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Owen Woodruff
Commissioner Whipple asked Mr. Woodruff if it wasn't true that the Police De-
partment had offered to return his automobile on two occasions.

Mr. Woodruff stated that he was advised that the only way he could have his
car is by payment of the towing and storage charges.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be taken under advisement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 10802 to 11291 in the
net amount of $66,347.81 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 5695 to 5S3O in
the total amount of $89,737.63 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of February 1 and 6, 1956 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following new gaming applications for the first
quarter of 1956 be approved:

CARSON CAFE	Ann T. Bunnell &

Raymond Cox	6th & Carson	3 slots

SUZIE'S DESERT

SNACK BAR	Vegas Enterprises	222 North Main	2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Yellow Cab Company, 115 South Main
Street for renewal of their license for 35 taxicabs be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9.00 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the
hour of 9-35 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission again considered the application of Don Atkin for rezoning of
a portion of the NW½ of the NE¼ of Section 2, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to C-1.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application be approved subject to the follow-
ing conditions of the Planning Commission.

1.	That the property be developed according to the plot plan submitted.

2.	That construction be commenced within five months and completed within
an additional twelve months.

3.	That all off-site improvements be installed and completed within 17
months.

and subject to the further conditions:

1.	That there be dedicated a 60 foot right-of-way on the west side of
this property from Charleston Boulevard to the Crestwood School, to
be paved from Charleston to Peyton Drive.

2.	That the west half of Bruce Street from Peyton Street to Houston Drive
be improved by the installation of paving.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker,Fountain and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp and
Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp stated that his firm maybe the consultant archi-
tect on this project, but that there was no agreement at this time, and that he
felt that Bruce Street should run through from the north to the south city
limits. Mayor Baker stated that he did not feel that the specific information
that is necessary to vote on the matter has been presented and that the street
circulation and traffic is not adequate.

Commissioner Fountain moved the report on a workable program for urban renewal
in the City of Las Vegas presented by the Planning Commission be approved and
submitted to the Housing and Home Finance Agency.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of R.H. Pero for a sixty day extension
on the installation of sidewalk along Lot H of Park Place Addition be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.2 for the furnishing of
seed and fertilizer be awarded to the low bidder, the Garden Center.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

GAMING APPLICATIONS



TAXI APPLICATION

REZONING - Z-2-56
Don Atkin

URBAN RENEWAL

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION
R.H. Pero



BID NO. 56.2 - Awarded
Seed & Fertilizer
Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.2 be awarded to the Garden Center in
the total amount of $2575.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.3 for the furnishing of
two street sweepers be awarded to Cashman.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.3 be awarded to Cashman in the total
amount of $l8,215.l6 plus interest.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

George Wade, City Engineer recommended that Bid No. 56.4 for two motor graders
be split between two bidders; item No. 1 be awarded to A.D. Machinery Company
in the total amount of $17,201.13 plus interest and Item No. 2 be awarded to
C.D. Roeder in the total amount of $16,175.00 plus interest.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer's recommendation be accepted and
item No. 1 of Bid No. 56.4 be awarded to A.D. Machinery Co. and item No. 2 to
C.D. Roder Equipment Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the matter of the retention of the automobile of Owen
Woodruff be referred to the City Manager to prepare a release and the car be
returned to him at no cost.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Cam-

mossioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that in view of the fact that investigation disclosed
that Mr. Woodruff's car was tendered to him on two separate occasions without
payment of fee if he merely signed a release, that his claim of damages in
the total amount of $525.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commis-
sioner Whipple passed his vote.

The Commission considered the request of the LDS Church to purchase city owned
property adjoining their recreation center at 820 North 5th Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City enter into an agreement with the LDS Church
to lease this property to them at $1.00 per year, said lease to be renewable
every five years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following rules and regulations governing the
operation of Sports Books in the City be adopted:

1.	No telephone wagers be accepted under any circumstances.

2.	All betting slips must show the amount bet and prevailing odds.

3.	All wagers must be made over the counter in an establishment where
a license is on display.

4.	No licensee or clerk may accept any wager of any kind outside of the
place of business under which the licensee is operating.

5.	Failure to comply will result in an immediate revocation of the
license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Jack Roland for a license for a
sports book at the Saratoga Sports Book, ll4 South 1st Street for the first
quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the agreement for the improvement of South A Street
from Charleston Boulevard to Gass Avenue.

Commissioner Whipple moved this agreement be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Bunker.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance to adopt the 1955 Plumbing Code requested additional time before re-
porting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 623 PROVIDING RE-

QUIREMENTS FOR THE INSTALLATION OF LAWN SPRINKLING SYSTEMS, PERMANENT AND RENTAL
WATER SOFTENING EQUIPMENT; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS; PROVIDING FOR
EXAMINATION OF PERSONS ENGAGED IN THE INSTALLATION OF LAWN SPRINKLING SYSTEMS
AND PERMANENT AND RENTAL WATER SOFTENING EQUIPMENT; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioner Sharp
was read in full to the Board.

BID NO. 56.3 - Awarded
Street-Sweepers

BID NO. 56.4-Awarded
Motor Graders

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Owen Woodruff

LDS CHURCH
Lease of Property

SPORTS BOOK REGULATIONS

GAMING APPLICATION

SOUTH A STREET
IMPROVEMENT

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Lawn Sprinkling
Systems 

Not Adopted
Commissioner Sharp moved this ordinance be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and lost by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and
His Honor.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING THE UNIFORM BUILDING CODE AND

OTHER SPECIALIZED CODES DEALING WITH THE CONSTRUCTION INDUSTRY; PROVIDING FOR
AN ADDITIONAL FEE IN THE EVENT OF SECOND INSPECTIONS REQUIRED; AND OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 697 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the appeal filed by Jeanne Houssels for Maryland Park
Manor and James C. Young for Olga Fields on the use permit granted to Lloyd Skrenes
to maintain an off-street parking lot on Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on this matter be held March 7, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance for the annexation of the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 1, T21S, R60E,

MDB&M, entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO
THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND
INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL IMS AND ORDINANCES; ORDER-
ING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY
RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners
Sharp and Whipple, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 698 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Harry Claiborne appeared before the Board on behalf of Raymond Salmon and re-
quested that the suspension of his tavern license to operate the Bonanza Bar,

4l8 West Bonanza be lifted.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Salmon be allowed to operate the Bonanza Bar
until disposition has been made in District Court of the case alleging that he
was in possession of stolen liquor, provided that Mr. Salmon operates this
business himself.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp brought up for discussion the Cliff May Homes, known as Charles-
ton Heights Subdivision, Tract Nos. 3 and 5 and stated that he thought the City
should swear out a complaint against the Bums Construction Company for fraud.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Burns Construction had been given ninety
days to make corrections on these Tracts as recommended by the City Engineer.

He stated that corrections had been made in Tract No. 5, but that no effort had
been made to correct the violations in Tract No. 3.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be referred to the Grand Jury or District
Attorney after the deadline of March 1, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission requested that Paul Faulstich, masonry contractor on the Cliff
May Homes be requested to appear before the Board at the next regular meeting
on March 7, 1956 to show cause why his license should not be revoked.

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had an offer from a Mr. Reynolds to pur-
chase five acres of City owned property at San Francisco and Atlantic for $2700
per acre.

Commissioner Bunker moved Mr. Reynolds' offer to purchase this property be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Max Taylor for a percentage interest
in the liquor and gaming licenses for the Golden Gate be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the General Service Administration wants
to put in new sidewalk in front of the Post Office and have requested the City
to move the trees. The Board authorized the City Manager to proceed with the
removal of these trees.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of three new salary schedules to be known
as Schedules 32,33 and 34.

Commissioner Fountain moved the three new salary schedules be approved.

ORDINANCE NO. 697
2nd Inspection Fee



USE PERMIT - U-4-56
Lloyd Skrenes
Appeal Permit

ORDINANCE NO. 698
Annexation

BONANZA BAR
Liquor License

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
SUBDIVISION
Cliff May Homes

PAUL FAULSTICH
License Revocation

PURCHASE OF CITY
PROPERTY



GOLDEN GATE
Liquor & Gaming
Licenses 

POST OFFICE SIDEWALKS

SALARY SCHEDULES
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and harried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker stated that the SWIT Basketball Tournament of last week
sponsored by the Las Vegas Review Journal was an outstanding event, and re-
quested that the City Manager write a letter to the sponsorers commending
them on this tournament.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon reported that the City Treasurer has three
checks that have been returned and needs advice from the Commission as to
what should be done about them. Mr. Cannon explained that in July of 1955
a Mr. Owen McCann applied for an Advertising and Solicitors license to con-
duct a campaign for a benefit for the North Las Vegas Firemen's Association.

Mr. McCann gave checks to the City for $15.00 for police investigation fee,

$10.00 for the advertising license and $55.00 for the solicitors license fee
for two months. He thereafter absconded with the Firemen's Association funds
and the three checks were returned to the City. The North Las Vegas Fire-
men's Association have attempted to collect their money, but have been unable
to locate Mr. McCann. They are willing to make good the $15.00 and $10.00
checks, but do not wish to reimburse the City for the $55.00 solicitors li-
cense fee.

Commissioners Fountain moved the City Treasurer be authorized to write off
the $55.00 check as an uncollectable debt.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:	

ATTEST:		Mayor

______

 City Clerk	

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	Date:	February 20, 1956

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 20th day of
February, 1956, at the hour of 4.00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Mr. Donald Zak, owner of Zak's Arcade will be present to show cause why
his license should not be revoked.

2.	Gaming Applications

3.	Emergency Ordinance concerning the licensing of coin operated machines.

/s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED

WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assis-
tant City Manager,  and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall,

5th and Stewart, on the 20th day of February, 1956, at the hour of 4.00 P.M. to
consider the following matters:

1.	Mr. Donald Zak, owner of Zak's Arcade will be present to show cause why his
license should not be revoked.

2.	Gaming Applications.

3.	Emergency Ordinance concerning the licensing of coin operated machines.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager, and City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of
special meeting.

/s/	C.D. BAKER	HARRIS P. SHARP

WENDELL BUNKER	HOWARD W. CANNON

REED WHIPPLE	A.H. KENNEDY

E.W. FOUNTAIN

BASKETBALL TOURNAMENT

NORTH LAS VEGAS
FIREMEN'S ASSN.
Returned Check
Las Vegas, Nevada
February 20, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 20th day of February, 1956 was called to order at the
hour of 4.15 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

 Commissioner	Hariis P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager      R.W. Notti
City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Mayor Baker announced that the purpose of this meeting was to hold a hearing
on whether or not the license issued to Donald Zak at 415 South 5th Street to
operate pinball machines should be revoked. His Honor asked for a report from
the City Manager.

Mr. Kennedy reported that on Thursday evening February l6th he received a call
calling attention to this arcade across from the 5th Street Grammar School.

On Friday morning he went to the arcade and found between thirty and forty
children, many of whom were playing the coin operated machines. He asked Mr.

Zak to see his license and was shewn a general mercantile license and a li-
cense to operate twenty coin operated machines. He then called the Police
photographer and had pictures taken, which he presented to the Commission.

Mayor Baker read a letter from Mr. Paul Arenaz, Chairman of the 5th Street
P.T.A. requesting that the Commission take action to close this establishment.

Mr. Zak and his attorney Calvin Magleby appeared at this time. Mr. Magleby
pointed out that Mr. Zak had applied for a license for an arcade which was
approved by the Police and Fire Departments. He stated that Mr. Zak had
signed a six month's lease for this location after his license had been ap-
proved, and if he were forced to close it would be a great financial burden.

Mr. Zak also spoke to the Commission and advised them that he checked closely
to see that the children crossed the street at the cross walks and that they
left his establishment at least five minutes before school started so that
they would not be late for class. He stated definitely that he did not
allow the children to smoke in his place.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that this Arcade is a definite nuisance
and directed that the license for Zak's Arcade be suspended until the proposed
ordinance abolishing coin operated machines within five hundred feet of schools
be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission instructed the Police Department to check other locations in the
City that have pinball machines and report back to the Commission.

An ordinance entitled:	AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE AMENDING CHAPTER 17 OF THE CODE

OF LAD VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, WHICH PROVIDES FOR THE LICENSING OF BUSINESSES WITH-
IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, BY ADDING A NEW SECTION THERETO TO BE KNOWN AS SECTION
23; LIMITING THE LOCATION OF COIN OPERATED AMUSEMENT MACHINES; PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROHIBITING CERTAIN PERSONS FROM PLAYING SUCH
MACHINES:	PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY,

was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 699 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com -

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for renewal of gaming li-
censes for the 1st quarter of 1956 be approved:

GLENN VEGAS MOTEL William B. Stewart &

Herbert A. Hitchens	233 South 5th	3 slots

LIDO BAR	William Elwell &

Jack Conlon	107 North 1st	4 slots

MAYFAIR DRUG	Jack E.Staggs	1422 Fremont	8 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of J.A. Ewing for license for one slot
machine at the Charleston Inn, 17 W. Charleston for the first quarter of 1956 be
approved:

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker votigg aye; noes,none.

ZAK'S ARCADE
License Suspended

ORDINANCE NO. 699
Coin Operated
Machines

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New
Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Tom Rolofson for license for one
additional slot machine at Hamburger Heaven, 1215 E Street for the first
quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of W.J. Moore for license for 150 ad-
ditional Bingo chairs for the first quarter of 1956 at the Showboat, 2800 Boulder
Highway be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Members of the Nevada Beer Wholesaler's Association were present and discussed
the increase in their license fee. They pointed out to the Commission that the
fee is exorbitant as compared with license fees paid in surrounding States.

The Commission agreed to take this matter under advisement.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

APPROVED:	

Mayor

ATTEST:	



 City Clerk	

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	Date:	February 29, 1956

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on
the 29th day of February, 1956, at the hour of 8.00 P.M. to consider the fol-
lowing matters:

1.	Budget

2.	Lot Clean Up of property belonging to Mrs. Ethel Wait, 201 North 9th

3.	Service & Material Warrant No. 5831 in the total amount of $100.00

4.	Discussion on ordinance adtopted concerning pin ball machines/

5.	Solicitation permit recommended for approval by the Solicitation
Review Board for Frontier Girl Scout Council.

/s/ C.D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP,

REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI,
Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of
Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall,

5th and Stewart, on the 29th day of February, 1956, at the hour of 8.00 P.M.
to consider the following matters:

1.	Budget

2. Lot Clean up of property belonging to Mrs. Ethel Wait, 201 North 9th.

3. Service & Material Warrant No. 5831 in the total amount of $100.00

4.	Discussion on ordinance adopted concerning pin ball machines.

5.	Solicitation permit recommended for approval by the Solicitation
Review Board for Frontier Girl Scout Council.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager
and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the fore-
going notice of special meeting.

/s/ C.D. BAKER	HARRIS P. SHARP

REED WHIPPLE	A.H. KENNEDY

WENDELL BUNKER
E.W. FOUNTAIN

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional

LIQUOR & BEVERAGE
WHOLESALERS LICENSES
Las Vegas, Nevada

February 29, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held, this 29th day of February, 1956 was called, to order at the
hour of 8.00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P.Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whippls

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Absent:	(	Asst.City Mgr.	R.W.Notti )

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 5831 in the
total, amount of $100.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a solicitation permit for ninety days be granted
to the Frontier Girl Scouts Council, as recommended by the Solicitations Re-
view Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

Discussion was held on the recently adopted ordinance concerning pin ball and
coin operated amusement machines. City Manager Kennedy reported that the ordi-
nance in the present form prohibits the operation of merry-go-rounds and hobby
horses that are located in various stores in the City. The ordinance was re-
ferred to the City Attorney for revision and presentation at the next meeting
of the Commission on March 7, 1956.

The complaint of Mrs. Ethel Wait that some slate had been removed from her
property at 201 North 9th Street when the City cleaned it up, was presented
to the Commission. The Commission was advised that this claim had been in-
vestigated by the Public Works Department and City Manager's office and they
could find no trace of the slate at the City Dump. No further action was
taken by the Commission.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker
moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:		Mayor

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANT

SOLICITATION PERMIT
Girl Scouts

PIN BALL MACHINE
ORDINANCE

LOT CLEAN UP
Mrs. Ethel Wait
Las Vegas, Nevada

March 7, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 7th day of March, 1956 was called to order at the hour
of 7.40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P.Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Engineer	George E.Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Asst. City Mgr.	R.W.Notti

This being the time set for the public hearing on the appeal of the granting
Of the Use Permit to Lloyd H. Skrenes to maintain an off-street parking lot
on Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2, His Honor asked if there
was anyone present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. James C. Young representing Mrs. Olga Shields appeared before the Board.

Mr. Young stated that he was also appearing on behalf of Mrs. Jeanne Houssels
who represents the owners of Maryland Park Manor. Mr. Young urged the Com-
mission to deny this use permit.

Commissioner Bunker moved the appeal be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time set for Paul Faulstich, masonry contractor to appear and
show cause why his license should not be revoked for faulty construction in
Charleston Heights Tract No. 3, Mr. John Yoxem was present representing Mr.
Faulstich.

Mr. Yoxem advised the Commission that his company would make all the necessary
repairs in order that the chimneys in this tract will come up to the Code.

He stated that the steel for this construction had been purchased and de-
livered to the job, but had not been put in place.

Thereafter the Paul Faulstich Company was granted 90 days to complete this
work.

Mr. Sam Lionel, representing the Burns Construction Company, general con-
tractors for Charleston Heights Tract No. 3 was present at this time.

The following property owners in Charleston Heights Tract No. 3 appeared
and objected to the construction of their homes:

Rex Breese	5310	Evergreen

Robert Baldwin	5313	Evergreen

George Berkhardt	5413	Evergreen

Mrs. O'Brien	5621	Herron

The Commission requested that the Building Department submit a report
every meeting as to the progress that Bums Construction Company is making
to correct the deficiencies in this tract.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the construction of
Stage I of the Outfall Sewer, bids were received from the following firms:

CHARLES J. DORFMAN
HALLMARK CONSTRUCTION CO.

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.

N.P. VAN VALKENBURGH CO.

WELLS CARGO INC.

STATE WIDE PLUMBING & HEATING CO.

VIDO ARTUKOVICH & SON, INC. & NICK BEBEK
B. PECEL & SONS, INC.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of
Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the construction of the
Fire Alarm Building, bids were received from the following firms:

LEMBKE-CLOUGH & KING
SHELTON MILL & CONSTRUCTION
P & C CONSTRUCTION CO
CLARK CONSTRUCTION CO.

J.A. TIBERTI CONSTRUCTION CO.

BEN O. DAVEY CONSTRUCTION CO.

SIMPSON & MATHER
SIERRA CONSTRUCTION CO.

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of
Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.



PUBLIC HEARING
USE PERMIT
U-4-56

Lloyd Skrenes

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
NO. 3

Paul Faulstich

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS

TRACT NO. 3

Burns Construction Co.



BID OPENING
OUTFALL SEWER

BID OPENING

FIRE ALARM BUILDING


Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of William A.Freeman, Raymond G.
McGuen, and Edward Wilson, solicitors for the sale of American People's
Encyclopedia be referred to the City Manager

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
 Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of George C.Doss, Las Vegas Chema-
lizer Co. for reduction of the solicitors license fee be referred to the
City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;.
noes, none.

The Commission considered the appeal filed protesting the rezoning of a
portion of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 2, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to
C-1.

Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing on the proposed ordinance on this
rezoning be held at 7.30 P.M. on April 4, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO.

378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE,

1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AND CHANGING THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, was
read by title and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Whipple for recom-
mendation.

Consideration was given to the application of Smith-Scott Co. to install
and operate a welding machine, pipe cutter, hydraulic press and pipe
cleaner for the operation of a metal fabrication business at 2204 Indus-
trial Road. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment
subject to approval by the Engineering Department of the discharge of
waste material, approval of the Health Department relative to adequate
fume, dust, vapor and smoke control and the installation of all off-site
improvements.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of March, 1956, having considered the ap-
plication of Smith-Scott Company for a use permit to operate a metal fabrica-
tion business at 2204 Industrial Road; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application subject to the approval by the Engineering Department
of the discharge of waste material, approval of the Health Department relative
to Adequate fume, dust, vapor and smoke control and the installation of all
off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Smith-Scott Company for a use permit to operate a metal fabrication business
at 2204 Industrial Road be and the same hereby is approved subject to the
conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Harley E. Hannon to construct
a professional office building an Lots 13 to 16, Block 9, Pioneer Heights
Addition. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject
to installation of off-site improvements.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of March, 1956, having considered the ap-
plication of Harley E. Harmon for use permit to construct a professional
office building on Lots 13 to l6, Block 9; Pioneer Heights Addition; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application subject to the installation of off-site improve-
ments;

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION



REZONING - Z-2-56
Don Atkin

USE PERMIT U-6-56
Smith-Scott Co.

USE PERMIT - U-7-56
Harley E. Harmon


NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Harley E. Harmon for a use permit to construct a professional office buil-
ding on Lots 13 to 16, Block 9, Pioneer Heights Addition be and the same
is hereby approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of
Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Joseph G. Roberts to convert
the front portion of an existing dwelling into a professional office at
210 South 10th Street (Lots 22 and 23, Block 6, Pioneer Heights Addition).
This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to in-
stallation of off-site improvements.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of March, 1956, having considered the
application of Joseph G. Roberts for a use permit to convert the front portion
of an existing dwelling into a professional office at 210 South 10th Street
(Lots 22 and 23, Block 6, Pioneer Heights Addition); and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application subject to the installation of any off-site im-
provements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Joseph G. Roberts for a use permit to convert the front portion of an
existing dwelling into a professional office at 210 South loth Street be
and the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions set forth by
the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the Southern Nevada Power
Company for a use permit to install an electric power substation on Lots
11 through 13 of Block 5, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, situated on the
east side of Main Street between Bridger and Lewis. This application was
approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to compliance with the archi-
tectural sketches submitted and all known devices to reduce the safety
hazards.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit.

Mr. William Singleton, representing William Elwell and Naomi Uptigrove
appeared before the Board to protest the granting of this use permit.

Mr. Singleton stated that they protested on the basis that the erection
of this structure would have a detrimental affect on the area.

Mr. Peter Kuvelis appeared on behalf of Mrs. Marie Kuvelis and protested
this use permit. Mr. Kuvelis stated that they had owned the property at
319 South Main Street since 1936 and are planning to build a small hotel
at this location. He stated that if a substation is constructed at this
location, it will be almost impossible to rent rooms.

Mr. Lloyd Payne, 4l5 South 3rd, and Mr. Glen Thurmon of 4l4 South 1st
Street also appeared in protest.

Thereafter Mr. V. Gray Bubler, representing the Southern Nevada Power Company
appeared before the Board. He explained to the Commission that it was a
necessity that a substation be constructed before summer to provide power
for the Fremont Hotel at 2nd and Fremont. He presented letters from resi-
dents adjacent to the substation at Main and Garves indicating that this
station in no way interfered with their radio and television interception.

He stated that the Power Company had attempted to purchase property from
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, but had been advised that there was no
property available.

At the hour of 9.20 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at
the hour of 9.35 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

City Attorney Howard Cannon stated that this type of use is permitted in
an M-1 zone and a use permit can be granted if the Board determines that such
use is a public service and is necessary for the public convenience and
welfare.

Commissioner Whipple stated that he was in sympathy with the property owners,
but this is a situation where an application is made for something permitted
in an M-1 zone and no evidence has been submitted why the Board should not
grant this use permit. He moved that the recommendation of the Board of Ad-
justment be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

USE PERMIT U-8-56
Joseph G. Roberts

USE PERMIT U-9-56
Southern Nevada Power Co.
BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of March, 1956, having considered the ap-
plication of the Southern Nevada Power Company for a use permit to install an
electric power substation on Lots 11 through 13 of Block 5, Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application subject to compliance with the architectural
sketches submitted and all known devices to reduce the safety hazards;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
Southern Nevada Power Company for a use permit to install an electric power
substation on Lots 11 through 13 of Block 5, Clark's Las Vegas Townside be
and the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions set forth by the
Board of Adjustment

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Sharp stated that the Southern Nevada Power Company
is a client of his, and passed his vote.

Consideration was given to the application of Robert Bigelow for a use permit
to construct a bulk storage petroleum plant on a portion of Section 4, T21S,
R6lE, MDB&M. This application which will permit the moving of the Union
Oil Company bulk plant from the 300 block on South Main to this location
on Industrial Road and San Francisco Avenue, was approved by the Board of
Adjustment subject to the installation of all off-site improvements.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of March, 1956, having considered the
application of Robert Bigelow for a use permit to construct a bulk storage
petroleum plant on a portion of Section 4, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application subject to the installation of all off-site im-
provements;

NOW, THEREFORE it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Robert Bigelow for a use permit to construct a bulk storage petroleum
plant on a portion of Section 4 T21S, R6lE, MDB&M be and the same hereby
is approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the First Lutheran Church of
the Good Shepherd for variance to construct an addition to an existing church ,
with the structure designed in a manner which required a variance from the
open space requirements, on property described as Irregular Lots 1 through
10, Block 9; Pioneer Heights and Irregula Lots 1 through 5, Block 4, Ladd's
Addition, known as 301 Maryland Parkway. The Board of Adjustment approved
this application subject to an eight foot setback on the side yard and the
installation of all offSite improvements.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 7th day of March, 1956, having con-
sidered the application of the First Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd
for variance to construct an addition to an existing church on Irregular
Lots 1 through 10, Block 9; Pioneer Heights and Irregular Lots 1 through
5, Block 4, Ladd's Addition; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application subject to an eight foot setback on the side
yard and the installation of all off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
First Lutheran Church of the Good Shepherd for variance be and the same hereby
is approved subject to the conditions wet forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp stated that his firm is the architect for this project
and passed his vote.

Commissioner Sharp moved the petition filed by the Las Vegas Union School
District and Morris and Eva Kasper for annexation of the NE¼ of the SW¼
of Section 22, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M be approved and the City Attorney authorized
to prepare the necessary ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Lulu C Subdivision be ap-
proved subject to the installation of improvements.

USE PER MIT - U-10-56
Robert Bigelow

VARIANCE - V-4-56
First Lutheran
Church of the
Good Shepherd

ANNEXATION
Sec. 22,T20S,R6lE

LULU C SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Com-
missioner Bunker.

The request of Dr. Charles 1. West for an extension of his variance to main-
tain a medical office at 605 Wyatt Street was considered by the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Dr. West be granted an additional ninety
days to maintain a medical office at 605 Wyatt Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that Assessment District
No. 100-2$ be accepted and final payment made to Nevada Electric. He re-
ported that the contractor has assured the City by letter that al1 equipment
and materials in this 5th Street lighting project will be guaranteed for a
period of one year against any defects.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works
be approved and that Assessment District No. 100-25 be accepted and final
payment to Nevada Electric in the amount of $4,191.27 be made.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer be authorized to secure bids
for the diversion of the sewer at l6th and Charleston.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Engineer be authorized to advertise
for bids for the installation of traffic signals at Main and Gass, Main
and Carson, Main and Ogden, 2nd and Gass, 2nd and Carson, 2nd and Ogden,

2nd and Stewart and on 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Engineer Wade recommended that Hyde Park Tract #4 be accepted and the
bond released. He stated that the only work left to be done was the seal
and chips which the City had requested be delayed until the weather is
better. He reported that a bond in the amount of $4,800.00 had been filed
to take care of this work.

Commissioner Sharp moved the improvements in Hyde Park Tract #4 be accepted
and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested authorization for an assessment district to
install improvements on East Charleston Boulevard from 15th Street to the
intersection of Fremont and Charleston. He also asked that the unimproved
 portions of Burnham, Oakey and Eastern be included in this district and the
paving of Carson from Main to 5th Street

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Engineer be authorized to prepare plans
and specifications for this proposed assessment district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer be authorized to secure bids for
lubricants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Ada Weber for South 7th
Street from the center line of Bracken Avenue southerly to the center line
of Oakey Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners,
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed,dated
the 27th day of February, 1956, executed by Ada Weber to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

VARIANCE - V-60-54
Dr. C.I. West

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-25

Acceptance and Final

Payment

DIVERSION OF SEWERS
l6th & Charleston
Notice to Bid

TRAFFIC SIGNAL
INSTALLATION

HYDE PARK TRACT #4
Final Acceptance

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

East Charleston Blvd,
and Carson Street

LUBRICANT BIDS
To Be Received

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
Ada Weber
STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk; of the City of Las VegaS; County of
Clark, State of Nevada; hereby certify the foregoing to be a full; true
and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto
duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on
the 7th day of March; 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF; I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 8th day of March; 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

(SEAL)	Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

For:	Pt. So. 7th Street.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from the City of Builders In-
vestment Corporation for the realignment of sewer easement in a portion of
the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 22; T20S; R6lE; MDB&M.

Commissioner Sharp moved this deed to the Builders Investment Corp. be
approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes; none.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from the City to Morris J.
and Eva Kasper for the realignment of the sewer easement in a portion of
the S½ of the NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 22; T20S; R6lE; MDB&M.

Commissioner Sharp moved this deed to Morris J. & Eva Kasper be approved
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp; Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes; none.

The Board considered the deed for sewer easement from Builders Investment
Corporation; being a portion of the SW¼ of Section 22; T20S; R6lE; MDB&M.



On motion of Commissioner Sharp; duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and
carried unanimously; the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commis-
sioner Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution
is adopted, and order made:

Be IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1956, by the Board of Commmis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
the easement dated the 21st day of February, 1956, executed by Builders
Investment Corporation, a Nevada Corporation to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and
correct copy of the Resolution accepting the easement attached hereto duly
adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 7th
day of March, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 8th day of March, 1956.

/ss SHIRLEY BALLINGER

(SEAL)	Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

FOR: Sewer Easement

Consideration was given to the deed for sewer easement in a portion of the
NW¼ of Section 22, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from Morris J. & Eva Kasper.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

DEED TO SEWER EASEMENT
Builders Investment
Corp.

DEED TO SEWER EASEMENT
Morris J. Kasper

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
EASEMENTS
On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement,
dated the 25th day of November, 1955; executed by Morris Kasper and Eva J.
Kasper, husband and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and
correct copy of the Resolution accepting the easement attached hereto duly
adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 7th
day of March, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 8th day of March, 1956.

(SEAL)	/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

FOR: Sewer Easement

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of February 15,20 and 29, 1956 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos, 11292 to 11787 in
the net amount of $72,410.79 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 5832 to
5976 in the total amount of $316,830.59 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for permits for solicita-
tions of charitable funds as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board be
approved:

Boy Scouts of America

Nevada Society for Crippled Children

8 and 40

St. Anne's Men's Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of C.R. Millhizer for renewal
of 5 slot machines at Jimmy's Liquor Store, 1402 North E Street for the
first quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of P.G. Gruneisen for license
for two skill pool tables at the Sport's Liquor Store, 419 North Main
Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Mike Latter and Leonard Shafer
for license for one Race Horse Book and one Sports Book at the Westside
Race Book, 407 Jackson be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

MINUTES

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

SOLICITATION PERMITS
GAMING APPLICATIONS
Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ben Marcus for a second hand
dealers license at B & D Sales, 510 Fremont be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for licenses for the
retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

PALACE THEATER	210 South 2nd	Sutton Vending

JACK HARRIS PARKING LOT	112 North 2nd	"	"

CULINARY WORKERS UNION	A & New York	"	"

LITTLE JOINT	1602 South A	

BONANZA CAFE	4l0 W. Bonanza	"	"

STUDEBAKER MOTORS	1620 Fremont	"	"

JONES BOY'S SERVICE	So. Main & Colorado	"	"

JONES BOY'S SERVICE	600 W. Bonanza	"	"

JUBILEE TRAILER PARK	J & Madison	"	"

CRESTWOOD BEAUTY SHOP	2208 E. Charleston	"	"

OLD WEST MOTEL	801 South 5th	"	"

TEXACO SERVICE STATION	1080 Tonopah Highway	"	"

CARSON CAFE	6th & Carson	"	"

PIONEER TITLE & TRUST	125 South 4th	"	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE PROTECTION OF THE PUBLIC

HEALTH AND SAFETY, AND THE EXAMINATION, REGISTRATION, LICENSING OF PERSONS EN-
GAGED IN THE BUSINESS OF PLUMBING, OR LABORING AT THE TRADE OF PLUMBING; RE-
QUIRING A PERMIT FOR THE INSTALLATION OR ALTERATION OF PLUMBING AND DRAINAGE
SYSTEMS; CREATING AN ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE AND BOARD OF PLUMBER EXAMINERS,

AND PRESCRIBING THEIR DUTIES; DEFINING CERTAIN TERMS; ESTABLISHING MINIMUM
REGULATIONS FOR THE INSTALLATION , ALTERATION OR REPAIR OF PLUMBING AND
DRAINAGE SYSTEMS AND THE INSPECTION THEREOF; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ITS
VIOLATION AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 476,520,637, AND ALL OTHER ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCE IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported on favorably
by Commissioners Fountain and Sharp was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 700 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO PROVIDE FOR

THE SERVICE OF LETTERS AND NOTICES BY CERTIFIED MAIL IN LIEU OF REGISTERED
MALL; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title
and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION I OF ORDINANCE NO. 390

PROVIDING FOR A LICENSE TAX FOR PUBLIC UTILITIES, PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Fountain for
recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 559,

ALSO KNOWN AS CHAPTER 36, SECTION 4l, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, 1949, AS AMENDED,

BY PROVIDING FOR SPEED LIMITS ON THE PUBLIC STREETS AND ALLEYS WITHIN THE
CITY; TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 39 DEALING WITH THE RIGHT OF WAY ON
PUBLIC STREETS; PROVIDING FOR PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE;
PROVIDING FOR OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, was read by title
and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Fountain for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING CHAPTER 17 OF THE CODE OF LAS

VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, WHICH PROVIDES FOR THE LICENSING OF BUSINESSES WITHIN
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, BY ADDING A NEW SECTION THERETO TO BE KNOWN AS SECTION
23: LIMITING THE LOCATION OF COIN OPERATED AMUSEMENT MACHINES; PROHIBITING
PERSONS UNDER 18 FROM PLAYING CERTAIN MACHINES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF, was
read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker introduced the following resolution authorizing the
publication of the Notice of Sale of bonds on Assessment District No. 100-36,
and moved its adoption:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for the sale of bonds all in accordance with the proceedings
heretofore taken to construct said improvements by special assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of March, 1956,
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is here-
by directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive
bids for bonds for Special Assessment District No. 100-36 in the aggregate
principal amount of $577,145.23.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Com-
missioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of
bids for said bonds by publishing five consecutive weeks, one week apart 3-7-56

SECOND HAND DEALERS
LICENSE

CIGARETTE LICENSES

ORDINANCE NO. 700
Plumbing Code



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Certified Mail

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Public Utilities
License

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Traffic

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Pin Ball Machines

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Notice of Sale of
Bonds 


in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Com-
missioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said bonds
will be received until 7.30 P.M. on Wednesday the 11th day of April, 1956,
and said bids will be opened at 7.30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said notice shall be in substantially
the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

Mayor

ATTEST:

#100-36

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced the following resolution authorizing the
publication of the Notice of Sale of bonds on Assessment District No.

200-17; and moved its adoption:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have
taken steps to create certain public improvements; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City
Clerk to advertise for the sale of bonds all in accordance with the pro-
ceedings heretofore taken to construct said improvements by special
assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of March,

1956, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she
is hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will re-
ceive bids for bonds for Special Assessment District No. 200-17 in the
aggregate amount(principal) of $20,207.91.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the re-
ceipt of bids for said bonds by publication five consecutive weeks, one
week apart in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
bonds will be received until 7.30 P.M. on Wednesday, the 11th day of April,

1956, and said bids will be opened at 7.30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the condemnation of lots on the Westside from
Harrison to Owens be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp requested that the City Manager contact Mr. Joseph Lopez
of Albuquerque, New Mexico to determine the cost of obtaining his services
to investigate the telephone company.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Harry H. Whitely, architect for the addition
to the City Jail be instructed to have the plans and specifications ready
to receive bids by May 1, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the budget for the period of July 1, 1956 to June
30, 1957 be approved.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-17
Notice of Sale of
Bonds

CONDEMNATION OF LOTS



TELEPHONE COMPANY
SURVEY

CITY JAIL ADDITION
BUDGET
CITY BUDGET

Budget of the city of LAS VEGAS, 1956-57

Information Required:	Actual

1955-56

Assessed Valuation—	Fiscal Year

Real Estate and Improvements ...............................................$	95,235,754.00

Personal Property

County Tax Roll. . .....................$___________

 Assessor's Collections..................$____________

Total Personal .............................................................$ 13,200,000.00

**Net Proceeds of mines ......................................................

Total taxable property .................................................. $ 108,435,754.00

Actual tax rate 1955 (6 mos. period) $1.36

A.	Unencumbered Balance in City Treasury on

July 1, 1956 (estimated) . ........................................ $	3,254,259.24

B.	Nontax revenues in Fiscal 1956-57 ......................................$	3,470,325.50

C.	Expenditures Fiscal 1956-57 ............................................$	7,975,373.21

Explanation:

Assessor's Personal Property collections for year 1955-56 plus estimated personal
property assessments for that year still to be collected.

Certified since July 1, 1955 plus estimated uncollected for balance of the year 1955-56.

A.	Estimate by subtracting estimated expenditures (from date of last available balance to June 30,
1956) from sum of cash balance and anticipated revenue for the same period. Also see Schedule No. 1.

B.	See Schedule No. 2

SCHEDULE NUMBER 1
REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

Estimated
Fiscal 1956-57

General Fund:

Licenses	$ 1,189,520.00

Fines and Fees	717,955.00

Permits	119,067.00

Poll Taxes	50,000.00

Sales and rentals	673,621.50

Garbage disposal
Water operations
Electric operations

Sewer operations	$	213,368.00

Interest on city funds

Percent corporate earnings

County Road fund

Airports

Tourist Camps

Bond Sales

Emergency loans

Special street improvements

Miscellaneous	15,688.00

Gasoline Tax	205,000.00_

Total	$ 3,470,325.50
SCHEDULE NUMBER 2
CITY EXPENDITURES

Estimated
Fiscal 1956-57

General Government:

Mayor, Commission or Council
Manager, City Clerk, Assessor,

Treasurer, Attorney, Court,

Elections, Auditor, Planning,

Personnel or Civil Service,

Official Advertising, Bonding

General Public Buildings	$	406,787.00

Public Safety:

Police, Fire, Radio, Public
Pound, Building Inspection,

Street Lighting, Civil Defense	1,554,216.40

Health and Sanitation:

Health, Sewage Collection and
Disposal, Garbage Removal, Dump

Maintenance, Cemetery	202,812.00

Streets, Highways and Public Works:

Streets, Corporation Yards,

Repair Shops, Engineering, Water

and Electrical Systems,	Airports	615,554.00

Parks and Recreation:

Park, Recreation, Libraries,

Swimming Pools, Golf Courses	312,261.00

Other Operating Expenses

Insurance, Pension, Industrial

Insurance	211,608.01

Debt Service:

Bond Redemption, Interest,

Emergency Loans	811,822.30

Capital Expenditures:

3,860,312.50

Total	$	7,975,373.21
BUDGET FORMULA

Receipts	Expenditures

A.	Unencumbered b&lance on	July	1,

1956 (estimated)...........................................................$3,254,259.24...........................................................	.......................................................................................................................................................................         $

B.	Nontax revenues (Fiscal	1956-57)..............................................3,470,325.50

C.	Expenditures (Fiscal 1956-57).................................. ..................................................................                                     7,975,373.21

Reserve for Bond Redemption for Fiscal 1957-58	306,187.78

D.	Balance, taxes required........................................................ 1,583,162.00

Reserve for estimated uncollected taxes	(26,185.75)

Total (Receipts equal expenditures) ........................... .....	8,281,560.99.	8,281,560.99

E.	Tax Rate levied (item D divided

by assessed valuation	1.46

We hereby approve the above budget of the city of Las Vegas for the year 1956-57.

m /s/ C.D. BAKER____________________

Mayor

/s/ E.W. FOUNTAIN_________________

Councilman

/s/	REED WHIPPLE_______________

Councilman

/s/	HARRIS SHARP_________________

Councilman

/s/ WENDELL BUNKER____________________

Councilman

ATTEST:	_______________________________

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER	Councilman

City Clerk

Dated March 7, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the West Charleston P.T.A. for
permission to pay for a special officer to act as a school patrolman at the
intersection of Palomino and Rancho Roads.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Sharp and Fountain were appointed as a committee to work with
the Eagle Lodge in their request to purchase property the City owns on North
5th Street.

CROSSING GUARD

PURCHASE OF CITY PROPERTY
Eagles Lodge
City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Mr. Reynolds to purchase two
acres of city property with an option to buy an additional two acres at
$4,000 per acre. The Commission indicated they were not in favor of selling
this property.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Bob Baskin for a hand bill li-
cense be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Longley Construction Company be authorized to
install a sewer line to Hadland Park in the total amount of $1300.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the lease
with the LDS Church for property on North 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer be authorized to receive bids for
the installation of tennis courts by the Recreation Center.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City's street sweeper be sold to the City
of North Las Vegas for $500.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to construct rest-
rooms on the new nine holes at the Golf Course at a total cost of $3,017*00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of Cashman CMC Truck Company
for the furnishing of five dump trucks to the City be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.5 for five dump trucks be awarded
to Cashman GMC Truck Company with twenty-four monthly payments payments of
$1,139.18.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commis-
sioners Bunker and Whipple passed their vote.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of Vegas Materials for the
tractor and mower unit be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.7 for a tractor and mower unit
be awarded to Vegas Materials in the total amount of $4,267.27.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Paul Gang for a restaurant
beverage license at the Coney Island Cafe, 402 South 2nd Street for the
first quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of R.S. & Ben Fabbi for renewal
of 9 U-Drive licenses for Vegas-U-Drive be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board,Commissioners Fountain
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:			

		Mayor

City Clerk	

PURCHASE OF CITY PROPERTY
HANDBILL LICENSE

HADLAND PARK
Sewer Line

LEASE OF PROPERTY
LDS Church

TENNIS COURTS



SALE OF SWEEPER

GOLF COURSE RESTROOMS

BID NO. 56.5 - Dump Trucks
Award

BID NO. 56.7 - Tractor

LIQUOR LICENSE
Coney Island



U-DRIVE LICENSES
Las Vegas, Nevada

March 8, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A Special, meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 8th day of March, 1956 was called to order at the hour
of 4.30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with with the following members
present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

City Engineer	George E.Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Asst.City Mgr.	Robert W. Notti

Also Present:

Municipal Judge	S. George Gilson

Chief of Police	George W.Allen Jr.

Architect	Harry H. Whitely

At this time the Commission inspected the preliminary plans for the
expansion of the City Jail and Municipal Court with the Architect,

Harry H. Whitely.

Chief of Police George W. Allen and Municipal Judge S. George S. Gilson both
indicated their approval of the preliminary plans for this expansion.

Commissioner Sharp moved the preliminary plans for the expansion of
the City Jail and Municipal Court as submitted by the architect be
approved and the architect be notified in writing to proceed with the
final working drawings and specifications to be presented not later
than May 2, 1956 and the Director of Public Works be instructed to
set the date for advertising and opening of bids for this construction
on April 18, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, the meeting
adjourned.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:		Mayor

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	Date:	March 8, 1956

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on
the 8th day of March, 1956, at the hour of 4.30 P.M. to consider the following
matters:

1. Preliminary Plans for expansion of City Jail.

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP,

REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W.

NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this
day issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of
the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 8th day of March, 1956, at the
hour of 4.30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Preliminary Plans for expansion of City Jail

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager
and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the fore-
going notice of special meeting.

/s/ C.D. BAKER	A.H. KENNEDY

HARRIS P. SHARP
REED WHIPPLE

E.W. FOUNTAIN

 POLICE DEPARTMENT
EXPANSION
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	Date:	March l4, 1956

A special meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, is hereby called, to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall,
on the l4th day of March, 1956, at the hour of 4.00 P.M. to consider the fol-
lowing matters:

1.	Award of Bid for Outfall Sewer

2.	Award of Bid for Fire Alarm Building

3.	House Moving Permits

4.	Convention Hall

/s/ C.D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP,

REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI,

      Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney, of the City of
Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and
Stewart, on the l4th day of March, 1956, at the hour of 4.00 P.M. to consider the
following matters:

1.	Award of Bid for Outfall Sewer

2.	Award of Bid for Fire Alarm Building
3. House Moving Permits

4. Convention Hall

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City
Manager and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due ser-
vice of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/ C.D. BAKER	E.W. FOUNTAIN

HARRIS P. SHARP	A.H. KENNEDY

REED WHIPPLE
WENDELL BUNKER

Las Vegas, Nevada

March 14, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this l4th day of
March, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 4.15 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

City Engineer	George E.Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

Asst.City Mgr.	Robert W.Notti

Also Present:

Lauren Gibbs
George H.Albright
Hershel Trumbo
Lysle May

Discussion was held on the proposed Convention Hall and the plan for
retiring the bonds. Mr.George Albright advised the Commission that
it was proposed to derive sufficient revenue from additional tax on
the hotels, motels and gambling and liquor establishments to take
care of the bond retirement.

Mr. Lauren Gibbs stated that the entire County has been zoned as
follows:

Zone #1 - Strip area

Zone #2 - Las Vegas

Zone #3 - North Las Vegas

Zone #4 - Boulder Highway to Boulder City

Zone #5 - Highway within 30 miles

Zone #6 - Remainder of the County

He stated that it is anticipated that 70% of the revenue will be de-
rived from Zone #1, 20% from Zone #2 and 5% from the remaining zones.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be
adopted in support of the program of the Fair and Recreation Board:

		RESOLUTION

WHEREAS the Board of City Commissioners recognize the need of a
Convention Hall In the vicinity of Las Vegas as an added stimulus to
the economy of the area; and

WHEREAS, a County Fair and Recreation Board has been created in ac-
cordance with the State Law for the purpose of holding a bond election
and establishing a Convention Hall; and

WHEREAS, the said County Fair and Recreation Board has represented
that the proposed payment to be required for retirement of bonds for
said Convention Hall will be obtained solely from increased license fees
to establishments maintaining rooms, liquor establishments and gambling
establishments; and

WHEREAS, it is represented by said County Fair and Recreation Board
that ordinances would be required within the zone comprising the City of
Las Vegas to raise approximately 20% of the total increase of fees re-
quired to service the Bonds,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners
that the proposed bond election and bond issue for the purpose of con-
structing a Convention Hall and recreational facilities be wholeheartedly
supported by this Board.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this Board goes on record as being
opposed to any general levy increase of the tax rate in the County for
the purpose of servicing said bonds or any part thereof unless funds
cannot be received from any other source.

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

CONVENTION HALL
City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that the bid of Charles Dorfman
for the construction of the Sever Outfall be accepted. Mr. Wade recom-
mended that this bid in the amount of $860,933.00 be accepted an the
condition that the performance and labor bond is filed as required by
the specifications, and approved by the City Attorney.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be
accepted and this bid awarded to Charles Dorfman in the total amount
of $860,933.00 subject to the filing of the required performance and
labor bond approved by the City Attorney.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that the bid of J.A. Tiberti
Construction Company for the construction of the Fire Alarm Building
be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be
accepted and the bid for the construction of the Fire Alarm Building
be awarded to J.A. Tiberti Construction Company in the total amount of
$52,590.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Supervisor of Building and Safety, Art Trelease presented the follow-
ing applications for house moving permits:

1)	Request of Jack Wallace to move a house from the 2500
block of Sunrise Avenue to 1717 South 5th Street.

2)	Request of Amy Randel to move a house from 218 South 5th
Street to 719 North E Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved these applications for house moving permits
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission Com-
missioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	Mayor

	City Clerk

SEWER OUTFALL
Bid Awarded

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Bid Awarded



HOUSE MOVING PERMITS
Las Vegas, Nevada

March 21, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 21st day of March, 1956 was called order at the hour of
7*30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Mgr.	Robert W.Notti

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Engineer	George E.Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

The Commission considered the petitions of Homer Carey and Harley A.King and
the Southern Nevada Power Company for annexation of the Northeast Quarter
(NE¼) and the west 660 feet of the south 330 feet of the Southwest Quarter
(SW¼) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of Section 25, T20S, R6lE,MHB&MJ. The
Planning Commission recommended that this area be annexed to the city.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted and this property annexed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none. Absents
Commissioner Fountain.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY

OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS
TO THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND
INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES;
ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE
COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commis-
sioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
San Francisco Avenue for its entire length be officially designated as a 150
foot right-of-way and that the right-of-way line on the north side of the
Street be legally established 75 feet from the center line of the street, with
future building line set backs to be measured from this point. Planning Di-
rector Franklin Bills requested that an ordinance be prepared.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ap-
proved and an ordinance prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent: Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of S. Grant Stewart, Jack Staggs and
Dr. J. H. Swartzfager for a 90 day extension of time on their variance to
construct a medical center on Block 1 of Woodlawn Park Addition be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whippier and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote, stating that he
was the architect on this building.

Director of Planning Franklin J. Bills gave a report from the Traffic & Parking
Commission recommending that the traffic islands on South 5th Street leading
north from St. Louis Avenue be left as they are.

Commissioner Bunker moved this report be ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Com-
mission that the City enter into an agreement with the County and State for
the installation of a traffic signal at the intersection of San Francisco Ave-
nue and Highway 91 be approved and the City Manager authorized to proceed to
secure this agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Com-
mission that one-hour parking meters be installed in the 1000 and 1100 blocks
of South Main Street and the 100 block of East Boulder Avenue.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy advised the Commission that this would require an
amendment to the ordinance, and recommended that the ordinance be prepared
so that hereafter the parking meter zones can be extended by resolution
of the Commission rather than ordinance amendment.

ANNEXATION

Carey, King & Southern
Nevada Power

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Annexation

SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE
Right-of-Way

VARIANCE - V-31-55

Extension



S0UTH 5TH STREET
Traffic Islands

TRAFFIC SIGNALS
South 5th St.

PARKING METER
INSTALLATION


Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Traffic & Parking Com-
mission he approved and the ordinance prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Edgeview Manor be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Director of Public Works George E.Wade advised the Commission that Pioneer
Builders, subdividers of Sunset Manor Tract #1 had requested an extension
of time on this subdivision of one year. Mr. Wade recommended that they
be allowed no longer than a six months extension.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Pioneer Builders be granted an extension
of four months on Sunset Manor Tract No. 1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Director of Public Works George E.Wade recommended that the final map of
Las Verdes Heights be approved subject to the developer providing ingress
and egress streets to this subdivision.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works
be accepted and Las Verdes Heights final map be approved subject to the
provision of ingress and egress streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

George Wade, Director of Public Works reported that the Infilco equipment
was not working properly and he has contacted the Infilco Company and they
agreed to replace the equipment.

Commissioner Sharp moved the report of the Director of Public Works be
ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Cijty Engineer George E.Wade recommended that the contract of George E. Miller
Company for the construction of the sewage pumping plant be released and the
ten percent retention of $3,350.23 be paid to this Company.

Commissioner Sharp moved the contract on the sewage pumping plant be released
and payment of $3,350.23 to George E. Miller Company authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor and Commissioner Sharp voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer be authorized to advertise for
bids for the street patching contracts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the easement from the Lincoln County Power Dis-
trict No. 1 for the Rehabilitation Farm.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, Duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner REED WHIPPLE, duly seconded by Commissioner
HARRIS P. SHARP, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of March, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement,
dated the 6th day of March, 1956, executed by Lincoln County Power District
No. 1 to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the read property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the pur-
poses and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Re-
corder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed
in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

EDGEVIEW MANOR
Final Map

SUNSET MANOR TRACT #1
Extension of Time

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS
Final Map

SEWER PLANT ALTERATIONS
REPORT

SEWAGE PUMPING PLANT
Final Payment

PATCHING CONTRACT
Authorization for
Bid 

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED
1, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and
correct copy of the Resolution accepting the easement attached hereto duly
adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 21st
day of March, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 22nd day of March, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)

FOR: Utilities & Roadway

The Commission considered the easement from Mathew J. Matonovich for the
effluent ditch from the plant site easterly to Vegas Creek.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

	In motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of March, 1956, by the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
easement dated the 9th day of March, 1956, executed by Matthew J. Matonovich
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the pur-
poses and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said easement, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

)ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK, )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and
correct copy of the Resolution accepting the easement attached hereto duly
adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 21st
day of March, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 22nd day of March, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)

FOR: Effluent Ditch

Mr. Edwin Dotson, representing the Doctor's Hospital of Las Vegas Inc., ap-
peared before the Commission with a proposal to purchase city property lo-
cated at the corner of San Francisco and Eastern Avenues. Mr.Dotson ex-
plained that his clients would like to purchase five acres at approximately
$4,000 per acre, to construct a 52 bed hospital.

The Commission advised Mr.Dotson that the City owns thirty-five acres of land
in this area and would like to use a portion of this as a city park play-
ground. The City Manager was authorized to meet with the Recreation Director
to determine how much land will be needed for recreational purposes.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.8 for the installation
of electrical service to the new City Garage building, bids were received
from the following firms:

ALBRIGHTS COURTESY ELECTRIC	$6,398.00

(Alternate	4,470.68)

BENTON ELECTRIC	3,740.00

CLARK COUNTY ELECTRIC	4,572.00

SHOCK ELECTRIC	3,297.12

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and City Engineer for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the construction of the
Washington Avenue Storm Drain, Stage I, bids were received from the follow-
ing firms:

GENERAL BUILDERS	$9,937.21

GEORGE E. MILLER CO.	7,900.00

GENERAL CONTRACTORS	6,147.00

WELLS CARGO	4,800.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

OFFER TO PURCHASE
CITY LAND

BID NO. 56.8
Electric Service
City Garage Building

WASHINGTON AVENUE
STORM DRAIN
Bids 
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the City of Hope for a Permit
for the Solicitation of charitable funds from April 1 to June 25, 1956, as
recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 11788 through 12276
in the net amount of $66,265.32 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 5978 through
6157 in the total amount of $81,274.66 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of March 7 and 8, 1956 be approved
be reference, and the Minutes of March 14, 1956 be approved with the fol-
lowing addition to the last paragraph of the resolution supporting the
Convention Hall bond issue:

"unless funds cannot be received from any other source"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Morris Diamond and Bernard Koblin
for a Retail Beverage license at Park Market, 424 North 5th Street, formerly
issued to Albert Goot, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Del Barkhuff for a Package
Liquor and Beer Bar license for Twin Lakes Liquors, 1032 Tonopah High-
way for the second quarter of 1956 be approved, subject to approval of
the Building, Fire and Health Departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Del Barkhuff for license for
4 slot machines at Twin Lakes Liquor, 1032 Tonopah Highway for the second
quarter of 1956, be approved subject to the approval of this location by
the Building, Fire and Health Departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Am ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO PROVIDE FOR
THE SERVICE OF LETTERS AND NOTICES BY CERTIFIED MAIL IN LIEU OF REGISTERED
MAIL; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been re-
ported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, was read in full
to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 701 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the
proposed Rezoning Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on the pro-
posed ordinance on the licensing of Public Utilities, requested additional
time before reporting.

Commissioner Sharp, member of the committee for recommendation on the pro-
posed Traffic ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the
proposed Pinball Machine Ordinance requested additional time before re-
porting.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy requested authorization to rent l4-yard gravel
trucks and one skip loader to haul 2800 yards of gravel to be used in the
improvement of Washington Avenue from 5th to Bruce.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

SOLICITATION PERMIT
City of Hope

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner

New

GAMING APPLICATION



ORDINANCE NO. 701
Certified Mail

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning 

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Public Utilities

Licenses



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Traffic



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Pinball Machines

WASHINGTON AVENUE
IMPROVEMENT
City Manager Kennedy requested, permission to purchase two motorcycles for
the Police Department at a total cost of $4,000.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had contacted Mr. Joseph Lopez of
Albuquerque, New Mexico concerning a survey of the local Telephone Com-
pany and Mr. Lopez had indicated that he would do this work for $150.00
per day plus travel and subsistence expenses. Mr. Lopez estimated that
the total expense would be approximately $850.

Commissioner Bunker moved a letter be dispatched to the Public Service
Commission with a copy to the Governor, asking if they wish to partici-
pate financially with the City in hiring an expert to investigate the
Telephone Company.

(Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to contact Mr.

Lopez and make arrangements for him to meet with the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy stated that the Business Division of the Chamber of
Commerce has requested that the City adopt an ordinance regulating going
out of business sales.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an
ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the bids on the Washington Avenue
Storm Drain had been tabulated and it was recommended the low bid of Wells
Cargo in the total amount of $4,846.96 be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the bid for the construction of the Washington
Avenue Storm Drain, Stage I, be awarded to Wells Cargo in the total amount
of $4,846.96.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ben Marcus, B & D Sales, 510
Fremont Street for a secondhand dealers license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon requested permission to write a letter to the
Civil Aeronautics Board urging that the hearings on the petitions for ad-
ditional airline service to Las Vegas be held here.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney's request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker
moved the meeting recess until March 28, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

APPROVED: ___

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk 

MOTORCYCLE PURCHASE
TELEPHONE COMPANY SURVEY

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Going Out of Business Sale

WASHINGTON AVENUE
STORM DRAIN
Bid Awarded



SECONDHAND DEALERS
LICENSE

CAB HEARINGS
Las Vegas, Nevada
March 28, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 28th day of March, 1956 was called to order at
the hour of 8.00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following mem-
bers present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P.Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Mgr.	Robert W.Notti

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

PlanningDirector	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for renewal of gaming

Renewals	licenses for the second quarter of 1956, be approved in the same manner

and statue as last quarter:

ALL NITE MARKET	Arthur Nunez	921 South Main	4 slots

ALRAY LIQUOR STORE	Aldo & Ray Barozzi	226	North 2nd	5 slots

ANDY'S LIQUOR STORE	Andrew Bruner	1320	D Street	3	slots

ASSOCIATED SERVICE STA.	Rudy Scarbough	800	South Main	2	slots

ATOMIC LIQUORS	S. V. Sobchik	917	Fremont	6	slots

AUSTIN DRUG #1	K.S. Austin	821	South 5th	3	slots

BANK CLUB	Keith Johnson & Graydon Stark       2300	E. Charleston	3	slots

BOB BASKIN'S RESTAURANT	Bob Baskin & Garland Miner           116	North 5th	3	slots

BELL VARIETY	J.R. Bell	1511	Fremont	4	slots

BLACKETT'S DRIVE INN	O.W. Glenn	2100	South 5th	5	slots

BONANZA BAR	P.J. & John Buckley	4l8	W. Bonanza	2	slots

BONANZA DRUG	Glenn Sales	402	W. Bonanza	5	slots

BOTTLE HOUSE	Floyd J. Cope	827	South 5th	6	slots

NEW BOULDER CLUB	Ernest Amante et al	118	Fremont	132	slots

4 Craps
6 "21"

1	Roulette
1 RH Keno

1	Bridge

2	Pan

1 Poker

BRIGHT SPOT DRIVE INN	Barnie Sullivant	300	Stewart	3	slots

BROWN DERBY CLUB	P.L. Jefferson	320	Monroe	12 slots

1	Craps
1 "21"

2	Poker

CALIFORNIA CLUB	Arquilla, Tabak & Townsend,	101 Slots

et al	101 Fremont	2 Craps

3	"21"

1 Roulette
1 Chuch-a-Luck
1 Keno
1 Faro

BOTTLE HOUSE	P.J. & John Buckley	829	South 5th	1	slot

BUCKLEY'S INC.	Rita D. Buckley	20	Fremont	24	slots

CINNABAR	Ted Patton Music	122	North 2nd	5	slots

CARSON CAFE	Ann T. Bunnell	521	Carson	3	slots

CHAT & CHEW	O.W. Glenn	1039	South Main	2	slots

CHATTERBOX	El Cortez Hotel, Inc.	Main	& Fremont	3	slots

CIRCUS ROOM	Gordon L. Gordon	523	Fremont	8	slots

CITY DRUG	Glenn Sales	231	Fremont	5	slots

CLIFF'S 5TH ST. MARKET	G.C. Luzier	729	South 5th	4	slots

CLUB LOUISIANNA	By: Mary Y. Yeong	1332	North F	1	RH Keno

1 Craps
1 "21"

1 Poker

COMMERCE DRUG CO.	Fred C. Kersch & Edward	302	E.Charleston	2 slots

L. Royce

COMMUNITY GROCERY	P.J. & John Buckley	1208	D Street	2	slots

CONEY ISLAND CAFE	Vegas Enterprises Co.	412	South 2nd	4	slots

COREY'S FINE FOODS	J.D.& J.J. Corey	402	Fremont	4	slots

CORK 'N BOTTLE	P.J. & John Buckley	508	Fremont	3	slots

CORK 'N BOTTLE	P.R. & Emma Pimentel	508	Fremont	4	slots

CORNET STORE	Tom Jaggers & Joe Cornet	4th	& Fremont	12 slots

COTTON CLUB	Ewing, Lee & Steele	500	Jackson	12 slots

1 Keno

1	Craps

2	"21"

2 Poker

CRESTWOOD DRUG	Glenn Sales	2224	E.Charleston	3	slots

COFFEE BOB'S	Ted Patton Music	125	South 2nd	2	slots

DAN DEE BAR	Molly Fitzpatrick	203	North 1st	2	slots

DAVIS BROS RICHFIELD TRUCK	R.W.Davis	629	South Main	3 slots

SERVICE

DERBY SPORTS SERVICE	John D. Gaughn	113	South 1st	1 Sports Book

DOLLAR MARKET	Morris Diamond & Bernard	433	North Main	3	slots

Koblin

DUFFY'S TAVERN	Joe Schramm & C.G.Hoover	1815	South 5th	6	slots

DERBY TURF	Dave Stearns & Louis Nier	113	South 1st	1	RH Book

3-28-56
HOTEL EL CORTEZ	By: W.J. Moore	600	Fremont	5$4 slots

2 Craps
4 "21"

1	Roulette

ELDORADO ARCADE	W.H.Adams	4	Fremont	7 Slots

CAFE EL TORO	Glenn Sales	504	Jackson	3	slots

HOTEL ELWELL	Wm.H.Elwell	204	South 1st	9	slots

ESQUIRE BAR	Isadore Bemson	120	South 2nd	3	slots

FAMILY MARKET	John H. Walker &	 Seth R. Dole        1109	Stewart	3	slots

FIFTH ST. LIQUOR STORE	Gordon W. Potter	725	South 5th	14	slots

FOODLAND	E. D. Ciliax	1500	Fremont	6	slots

FORTUNE CLUB	Robert Van Santen	109	Fremont	136	slots

FOXY'S	Abe Fox	2423	South 5th	3	slots

FREMONT DRUG	Harvey E.Parvin	6ll	Fremont	7	slots

FRY'S RICHFIELD SERVICE	Ted Patton Music	5th	& Fremont	2 slots

GALEN'S LIQUORS	E.C. Hummer	1216	South Main	4	slots

GOLDEN GATE	Alfred Durante et al	1	Fremont	100	slots

2	Craps
2 "21"

1 Roulette
1 RH Keno

GOLDEN NUGGET	By:	C.C.King	129	Fremont	300	slots

9 Craps
13 "21"

4	Roulette

1	Keno

2	Big Wheels (6i)
6 Poker

6 Pan

GOLDEN SLOT	Chris P. Tsouras	22	Fremont	73	slots

GREYHOUND BUS DEPOT	J.A. Ewing	110	South Main	7	slots

HICKORY WOOD BAR B Q	Helen & Gus Corey	315	Fremont	5	slots

HORSESHOE CLUB	Eldorado Club Inc.	128	Fremont	191	slots

6 Craps
6 "21"

2	Roulette

1	RH Keno

HUNTRIDGE DRUG STORE	W.L.Holst	1310	E. Charleston	6	slots

HUNTRIDGE LIQUOR STORE	W.L.Holst	1320	E. Charleston	8	slots

JERRY'S SNACK BAR	Mary Nicosia	407	Fremont	4	slots

JOHNNY'S SUPER MARKET	John Nassar & Blaine Johnson         2200	E. Charleston	3	slots

KING'S RESTAURANT	Glenn Sales	1102	Fremont	4	slots

KOST'S	Robert J. Kost	1000	S. Main	3	slots

LAS VEGAS BOWL INC.	H.C. Springston	1825 South 5th	16 slots

LAS VEGAS CLUB	Scherer-Hall-Van der Steen 	     	18 Fremont	310 slots

3	Craps

2	"21"

1 Big 6 Wheel
1 Roulette

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR STORE	Dolores J. Bonaobra	812	Fremont	3	slots

LIDO BAR	Elwell & Conlon	l07	North 1st	4	slots

LITTLE GIANT MARKET	H.E. Heckethorn	107	St. Louis	2	slots

LITTLE JOINT CAFE	Will Max Schwartz	1602	South A	2	slots

LITTLE KITCHEN	Del Barkhuff	1608	Fremont	2	slots

LOG CABIN BAR	P.J. & John Buckley	122	North 1st	1	slot

LUCKY STRIKE CLUB	By: Milton Prell	l17	Fremont	132	slots

1 Bingo
316 Stools

MAC DONALD HOTEL BAR	H. Lynn Chase	208	North 5th	3	slots

MAINLIQUOR STORE	Vegas Enterprises	4l8 North 5th	 5 slots

MARKET TOWN	Adelson Inc.	22	E. Oakey	13	slots

MAYFAIR DRUG CO.	W.L.Holst & J.E.Staggs	1422	Fremont	8	slots

MAYFAIR LIQUOR STORE	Blaine Beckwith	l4l8	Fremont	8	slots

MEADOWS RESTAURANT	Cecil J. Meadows	1404	Fremont	3	slots

MELODIE LANE INC.	Tom & Wilma Panos	234	Fremont	3	slots

MIKE'S 5TH STREET MARKET	Hixenbaugh & Messina	630	South 5th	3	slots

MODERN MARKET	L.D.Stein	121	North 5th	5	slots

MONTE CARLO INC.	Fred Soly	15	Fremont	80	slots

NEVADA CLUB	Van Santen, J. Hall, V.	113	Fremont	120	slots

Hall, Scherer, Edds Van der
Steen

NEVADA LIQUORS	John L. Funk	2109 Fremont	4 slots

NEW WINGS CAFE	Robert Peccole	201 North 1st	4 slots

NEW YORKER BAR	P.J. & John Buckley	112	South 1st	1	slot

9TH & FREMONT SUPER SER. m	Taylor & Cammons	900	Fremont	1	slot

ORANGE RUFUS CO.	Pat Rozzelle	409	Fremont	12	slots

PARK MARKET	Morris Diamond & Bernard	424	North 5th	5	slots

Koblin

PEPPER'S VARIETY STORE	P.J.& John Buckley	2124	E. Charleston	1	slot

PIONEER CLUB	Wm. Curland	25	Fremont	98	slots

3	Craps
1 Roulette

5	"21"

1 RH Keno
1 Poker

PIONEER COCKTAIL LG.	Wm. Curland	25	Fremont	5	slots

PINKY'S	Hugh & Winifred Pinkstaff	1232	South 5th	5	slots

PONY EXPRESS DEPOT	Melvin B. Wolzinger	123	South 1st	3	slots

PROFESSIONAL DRUG	Charles Thompson	421	Fremont	2	slots

RED & WHITE CAFE	Robert C.Brodine	801	South 1st	4	slots

RINGSIDE LIQUOR STORE	Del Barkhuff	1516	South 5th	6	slots

RANCH MARKET INC.	Louis Hall	6ll	Van Buren	3	slots

ROUND UP LIQUOR STORE	Murray	Peterson	1820	South	5th	4	slots

ROUND UP DRIVE INN	Murray	Peterson	1820	South	5th	7	slots

RYE & ROLL DELICATESSEN	Gerald	& Aldina Cherva	1234	South	5th	2	slots
SALLIE'S LIQUOR STORE	Johnson-Collins &	2120 E.Charleston	12 slots

Thompson

SARATOGA RACE BOOK	Henry Cal Remolif	114 South 1st	2 slots

SAUC-E-PIG	O.W.Glenn	2111 Fremont	3	slots

SAV-ON LIQUOR STORE	Sam Bon	504 North Main	3	slots

SELEK COFFEE SHOP	Irving I. Gelsin	209 North Main	2	slots

SHAMROCK HOTEL	Vegas Enterprises Co.	6l4 North Main	7	slots

BILL MOORE'S SHOWBOAT	W.J.Moore et al	2800 Boulder Highway 62	slots

2	Craps

3	"21"

1 Roulette

1	Big 6 Wheel

1	Bingo
600 Chairs

SILL'S	Miller, Sill & Christian	5th & Charleston	9	slots

SILL'S TELL N' TOTE	Miller, Sill & Christian	5th & Charleston	3	slots

SILVER CAFE	O.W.Glenn	505½ Jackson	1	slot

SKAGG'S DRUG CENTER	Vegas Enterprise	215 Fremont	12	slots

SNAX 5TH AVENUE	Glenn Sales	417 Fouth 5th	2	slots

SPORTS LIQUOR STORE	P.G. Gruneisen	419 North Main	4	slots

STAN'S RESTAURANT	Gus S. Andros	1525 Fremont	3	slots

STEWART'S MARKET	S. Grant Stewart	2021 Stewart	6	slots

STRIP COFFEE SHOP	Keith J.Campbell	1328	South	5th	4	slots

STRIP LIQUOR STORE	Reid & Beckwith	2417	South	5	7	slots

SUNDOWN LIQUORS	C.H. Murray	2l4½	North	Main	3	slots

SUN DRUG STORE	Vegas Enterprises Co.	808 W.Bonanza	2 slots'

SUNSET LIQUORS	Del Barkhuff	1027	South	Main	1	slot

SUNSET LIQUORS	Keith S. Richards	1027	South	Main	6	slots

SUZIE'S DESERT SNACK	Vegas Enterprises	222	North	Main	2	slots

SWINGING DOOR SALOON	Jack Gilson	111	North	1st	3	slots

TASTY PASTRY SHOP	Keith J. Campbell	2226	E. Charleston	3 slots

THRIFTY DRUG STORE	Harry Tabak	317	Fremont	10 slots

THRIFTY MARKET	Mark J. Klein	1054	South Main	3 slots

TOWN BARBECUE	Gustav O. Ciliax	501	Fremont	3 slots

TOWN TAVERN	Earl Turmon	600 Jackson	1	Craps

1 "21"

2	Poker

TWIN LAKES LODGE	P.J. & John Buckley	Tonopah Highway	1	slots

TWIN LAKES LODGE	Lloyd L. St. John	Tonopah Highway	3	slots

TWIN LAKES LIQUORS	Del Barkhuff	1032	Tonopah Highway	12 slots

VEGAS VACATIONERS	Glenn Sales	209	Fremont	3 slots

THE WESTERNER	H.D. Pepple	23	Fremont	129 slots

2	Craps
2 "21"

1 Roulette
1 Keno

WESTERN LIQUOR STORE	M.C.Britton	6	E. Charleston	5 slots

WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM	Clyde E. Wilson	517	South 5th	4 slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG #1	Brandt, Ferron & Scheer	201	Fremont	4 slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG #2	Brandt, Ferron & Scheer	1700	Fremont	6 slots

WITTWER CAFE	Ray Knearl	720	North Main	4 slots

TED WIENS TEXACO STA.	M.J. Wiens	201	South 5th	2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Fred Kersch and Edward Royce for
license for four slot machines at Fisher Drug Co., 501 North Main Street for
the second quarter of 1956, previously issued to E.A.Pollard, Jr. be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of J.A. Ewing for a license for one
slot machine at Charleston Inn, 17 W. Charleston for the second quarter of
1956, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Alfred Ripps for a gaming license
for 13 slot machines, a retail package liquor miniature license, a cigarette and
general business license for Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont for the second
quarter of 1956 be approved subject to the following conditions:

These licenses are issued to and pursuant to the order of the
Court in the Writ of Preliminary Injunction and are issued un-
der protest thereof. The licenses will be revoked promptly
upon the dissolving of said injunction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

GAMING APPLICATION
Change of Owner



GAMING APPLICATION
New Location

LIQUOR, GAMING &
BUSINESS LICENSES
Mike's Liqueur Store
The Commission considered the application of A1 Bramlet for a Use Permit to
authorize the operation of a Health Club to be known as Las Vegas Baths, Inc.
in the Culinary Workers Union Building at 114 New York Street. This appli-
cation was recommended for approval by the Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be ac-
cepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in
a recessed regular meeting on the 28th day of March, 1356, having considered the
application of A1 Bramlet for a use permit to operate a health club at 114 New
York Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Al
Bramlet for a use permit to operate a health club in the Culinary Workers
Union Building at 114 New York Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Com-
missioner Sharp passed his vote.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for renewal of licenses
be approved.

Checker Cab Corporation	120 South 3rd	5 taxicabs

Hertz Rent-A-Car	2308 South 5th	10 U-drives

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following meritorious salary increases as recom-
mended by the Civil Service Board of Trustees and the City Manager be approved
effective April 1, 1956:

NAME	DEPARTMENT STEP TO SCHEDULE DOLLARS

_____________________ ________ STEP

Harry Hatfield	Building	4-5	28	532-563

Gould, William S.	Cemetery	3-4	17	273-288

Foster, Minnie	Finance	2-3	17	258-273

Bard, Alice	Fire	4-5	17	288-305

Billings, George	"	3-4	23	381-403

Cooper, Samuel	"	3-4	23	381-403

Dillehunt, Richard	"	3-4	23	381-403

Knutson, John I.	"	3-4	23	381-403

Mayorga, Louis	"	4-5	23	403-426

Moran, Thomas	"	3-4	23	381-403

O'Hara, William	"	3-4	23	381-403

Tullis, Donald K.	"	4-5	23	403-426

Edwards, James C.Sr.	Golf Course 		        2-3	20	305-322

Schrup, William	Parks	4-5	17	288-305

Gould, Ruth	Personnel	4-5	20	341-360

McKenzie, Pauline	Personnel	4-5	17	288-305

Behrman, Robert E.	Police	3-4	24	403-426

Devlin, Daniel J.	Police	233	24	381-403

Gullo, Larry	"	3-4	24	403-426

Hirsch, Robert L.	"	3-4	24	403-426

Hughes, Hugh	"	2-3	24	381-403

Wittwer, Laurel A.	"	2-3	17	258-273

Polk, Bernard	Sanitation	2-3	20	305-322

Pullum, Ike	"	4-5	17	288-305

Tulloch, Donald E.	"	2-3	20	305-322

Heaton,Gilbert V.	StreetLight	4-5	23	403-426

Jennings, Oliver	StreetLight      3-4	23	381-403

Southerland,Charles	Street	4-5	25	450-476

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy reported that the attorney for Mr. Louis DuBois had con-
tacted him and stated that Mr. DuBois is willing to sell land to the city for the
right-of-way for Baltimore Avenue adjoining South 5th Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney and City Manager be authorized to nego-
tiate with Mr. DuBois and obtain this property at the best possible price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Elmer Mueller for a package liquor
and beer bar license for the Fremont Liquor Store, 1130 Fremont be deferred un-
til next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Jack M. Foy for a club liquor license
for the Musicians Union, l6ll Fremont be approved.

USE PERMIT - U-15-56
Culinary Workers Union

TAXICAB APPLICATIONS
Renewals

MERITORIOUS SALARY
INCREASES

BALTIMORE AVENUE
Purchase of Right-of-Way

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New 
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ray Knearl for a restaurant beverage
license for the Red and White Cafe, 801 South 1st Street, previously issued to
Robert Brodine, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of A.T.Sharp, H.G. Parvin and C. Cory
for the change of type of package liquor license at the Fremont Drug, 6ll Fremont
to permit them to sell half pints, be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of C.R. Millhizer for license for one
"21" and one Poker at the Silver Club, 505½ Jackson be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Whipple passed his vote.

At the hour of 8.40 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9.30 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be instructed to pay the expenses of Mr.
Joseph Lopez for his trip here to confer with the Commission on the survey of the
Telephone Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager and City Attorney be instructed to meet
with Mr. Lopez and discuss the scope of the survey of the Telephone Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be authorized to request permission
from the Public Service Commission to allow someone the City Selects to inspect
the records of the Telephone Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Mike Latter and Leonard Shafer for a
license for one Race Horse Book and one Sports Book at the Westside Race Book,

407 Jackson Street be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution designating the Las Vegas Rose
as the official flower of the City of Las Vegas be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the climate of Southern Nevada is well suited to the growth of roses; and

WHEREAS, most cities have an official flower that is particularly suited for
growth therein; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners have been petitioned by the Trowel
and Trellis Garden Club, Camellia Unit, Rose Unit, Trowel and Trellis Garden Club
and Mesquite Club, to designate an official flower for the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 28th day of March,

1956, that the Las Vegas Rose is hereby designated as the official flower of the
city of Las Vegas and all residents of the City are urged to cultivate grow
roses to make this City the "ROSE CITY OF THE DESERT."

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 28th day of March, 1956.

ATTEST:	__________________

Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	

	Mayor

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner



LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Type

GAMING APPLICATION
New

TELEPHONE COMPANY
Survey

GAMING APPLICATION
Westside Race Book

RESOLUTION
City Flower
Las Vegas, Nevada
April 4, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 4th day of April, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7.30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W.Notti

Works Engineer	Vic Uehling

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D.Baker

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Engineer	George E.Wade

This being the time set for the public hearing on the ordinance to rezone the fol-
lowing described property from R-1 to C-1

That portion of Government Lot 2 in Section 2, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M lying
north of the north line of Tract #1 of Charleston Village and Lots 1 to
9 inclusive, Block 3; Charleston Village Tract #1.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning.

Mr. Morton Galane appearing on behalf of property owners in the area objected on
the grounds that Charleston Boulevard should not be commercial and that constructing
of this proposed shopping center would create a traffic hazard.

Mr. Lawrence Stecher, property owner on South 17th Street protested to this rezon-
ing because it will create a traffic hazard.

Mr. Roland Vaile of 1632 Curtis Drive also objected to the rezoning stating that
he felt the property should be developed as residential units.

Mr. Robert E. Jones, representing the applicant for rezoning appeared and stated
that 60 of the 95 property owners within 300 feet had signed a petition favoring
this rezoning. He pointed out that Charleston Boulevard would eventually be com-
mercialand stated that there would be an increased employment if this project was
permitted.

At the hour of 8.35 P.M. Mayor Baker arrived at the meeting.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple read a letter from the Central Labor Council and Building
and Construction Trades Council endorsing this proposed project.

Mr. Harvey Thompson representing the Stationary Engineers appeared before the Com-
mission and urged approval of this rezoning.

Mr. James Arnold of the Building and Construction Trades Council was present and re-
quested approval of the rezoning.

Mr. Ted Anderson of the Central Labor Council appeared and requested approving of
this rezoning.	

Thereafter Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that this matter would be taken under ad-
visement and a decision made later in the meeting.

At this time Mayor Baker took the chair and conducted the meeting.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 56.10 for the furnishing of lubri-
cants, bids were opened from the following firms:

TIDEWATER ASSOCIATED OIL

RICHFIELD OIL

MCQUAY SUPPLY

SHELL OIL

UNION OIL

STANDARD OIL

TEXAS COMPANY

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public
Works and City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Com-
missioner Sharp passed his vote.

At the hour of 8.55 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9*15 P.M. with all members present as of the time of recess and City Attorney
Howard W. Cannon being present.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on the rezoning of a portion of Government Lot 2 in Section 2, T21S, R6lE,
MDB&M and Lots 1 to 9 in Block 3, Charleston Village Tract #1 reported favorably.

PUBLIC HEARING

Rezoning - Z-2-56

Don Atkin

BID NO. 56.10
Lubricants
Opened

REZONING - Z-2-56
Don Atkin
Ordinance No. 702


An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378, RE-

FERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY AMENDING
THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONE DESIG-
NATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 702 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of John H. Clark for a Use Permit to use
the unnumbered portion of Block 8, Mayfair Addition Tract #2, designated as "Reserved
for Parking" as a public parking area for business offices located across the alley
to the north. The Board of Adjustment recommended this application be approved
subject to the condition that the alley be improved, a solid fence be installed
between parking area and adjacent residential area and approval of the parking
lot design by City authorities.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
John H. Clark for a use permit to use the unnumbered portion of Block 8, Mayfair
Addition Tract #2, designated as "Reserved for Parking" as a public parking area
for business offices located across the alley to the north; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the condition that the alley be improved, a solid fence
be installed between the parking area and adjacent residential area and approval of
the parking lot design by City authorities;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John H.

Clark for a use permit be and the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions
set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of John E. & Nancy Lee Craddock to main-
tain two doctor and professional offices at 820 South 7th Street. The Board of Ad-
justment recommended approval, of this application for a use permit subject to the
development of a parking area and driveway according to City specifications, con-
struction of a block wall on the south side of the rear 75 feet of the rear area,
improvement of the alley adjacent to the property and the installation of off-site
improvements.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved and the following resolu-
tion adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
John E. & Nancy Lee Craddock for a use permit to maintain two doctor and professional
offices at 820 South 7th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the development of a parking area and driveway accord-
ing to City specifications, construction of a block wall on the south side of the
rear 75 feet of the rear area, improvement of the alley adjacent to the property
and the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John E. and
Nancy Lee Craddock for a use permit be and the same hereby is approved subject to
the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the application of Dr. Emil F.Cava for a use permit to erect
eight doctor and professional offices in the 800 block of South 8th Street (lots
22-27, Block 34, South Addition). The Board of Adjustment recommended this appli-
cation be approved subject to the development of a parking area and off-site im-
provements according to City specifications including paving of the alley and the
architectural approval of the building.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
Dr. Emil F. Cava for a use permit to erect eight doctor and professional offices
on Lots 22 to 27, Block 34, South Addition; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the development of a parking area and off-site improve-
ments according to City specifications including the paving of the alley and the
architectural approval of the building.

USE PERMIT -U-ll-56
John Clark

USE PERMIT - U-13-56
John E. & Nancy

Craddock



USE PERMIT - U-l4-56
Dr. Emil F. Cava


NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. Emil F.
Cava/ for a use permit he and the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions
set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain , Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of C.K. and Marion Christensen for a use
permit to install four ovens to manufacture charcoal at 300 West Wyoming Street. The
Board of Adjustment approved this application for a period of one year.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
C.K. and Marion Christensen to install four ovens to manufacture charcoal at 300
West Wyoming; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application for one year;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of C.K. and
Marion Christensen for a use permit be and the same hereby is approved for one year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Pioneer Builders Inc. for a variance
to reduce the rear yard requirements from 23.9 feet to 20 feet on Lots 7,8,11,14,

15 and 18, Block 4 and Lots 7, 8,11,14,15 and 18, Block 5; Sunset Manor Tract #1.

The Board of Adjustment recommended approval of this application.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
Pioneer Builders Inc. for variance to reduce the rear yards requirements from 23.9
feet to 20 feet onLots 7, 8,11,14,15 and l8, Block 4 and Lots 7, 8,11,14, 15 and 18,

Block 5 of Sunset Manor Tract #1; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Pioneer
Builders, Inc. for variance, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of O.M. and Melva Snodgrass for a use
permit to convert an existing dwelling for the maintenance and operation of a day
and night child nursery at 2314 Fairfield Avenue.

The Board decided to hold this application in abeyance until April 11th to give
the applicant an opportunity to contact the Child Welfare Board and get a recom-
mendation from this Board.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition for annexation of
the West 332 feet of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 20, R6lE, MDB&M be approved was
considered.

This matter was held in abeyance until the next meeting.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Virginia Manor #1 be approved sub-
ject to an equitable agreement with the Las Vegas Union School District.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Judy Rich Tract #2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Sharp passed his vote.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Ensely Place #1 be approved subject
to an equitable agreement with the Las Vegas Union School District.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes,none. Mayor Baker declared that
he was interested in this subdivision and declined to vote.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request for ninety days extension on Charleston Heights
No. 5 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote.

USE PERMIT - U-16-56
C. K. Christensen

VARIANCE - V-5-56
Pioneer Builders

USE PERMIT - U-12-56
O.M. Snodgrass

ANNEXATION -
Sec. 20, T20S,R6lE.



VIRGINIA MANOR #1
Tentative Map

JUDY RICH TRACT #2
Tentative Map

ENSELY PLACE #1
Tentative Map

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
NO. 5
Commissioner Bunker moved the request for ninety days extension on Charleston Heights
No. 3 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the subdividers on Charleston Heights No. 4 be granted
an extension of ninety days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, and Whipple; noes, Commissioner Sharp and Mayor Baker.

 The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Lewis Ewing et ux for Washington
Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of April, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
2nd day of March, 1956, executed by Lewis Ewing and Jean Ewing husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real prop-
erty described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recored in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

)ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK, )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the
Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of
the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of April, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 5th day of April, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clark of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By: /s/ Carolyn E. Carstensen

For: Washington Ave.	Deputy

 Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Berthold Starr et ux for Washing-
ton Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried u-
nanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of April, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 2nd day
of March, 1956, executed by Berthold Starr and Marie Anna Starr husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

I, Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of April, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 5th day of April, 1956.

Shirley Ballinger

Clark of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By: Carolyn E.Carstensen

FOR: Washington Ave.	Deputy

 The Board considered the quitclaim deed from Felix Starr et ux for Washington Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
NO. 3

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
NO. 4

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS


BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of April, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 2nd
day of March, 1956, executed by Felix Starr and Dorothy Starr husband and wife to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, S tate of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

  The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Claude C. Withers et ux for Washing-
ton Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of April, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5th
day of March, 1956, executed by Claude C. Withers and Winnifred V. Withers husband
and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
read property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in-
tentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

  Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Charles J. Lewis for Washington
Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of April, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
19th day of March, 1956, executed by Charles J. Lewis to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.	

  The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Charles J. Lewis and Walter de
Courcy for Washington Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wen-
dell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of April, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
19th day of March, 19%, executed by Charles J. Lewis and Walter deCourcy to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

  Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from John Pappas for the widening of
Tonopah Highway.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of April, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
l6th day of March, 19%, executed by John Pappas to the City of Las Vegas, County

of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this Resolution he attached to said deed;
and that the same he recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark; State of Nevada; and this resolution he filed in the records of this
Board.

  The Board considered the quitclaim deed from Edith Billmyer for Decatur Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp; duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously; the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp; duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker; and carried unanimously; the following Resolution is adopted; and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED; this 4th day of April; 1956; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas; County of Clark; State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
29th day of December, 1955; executed by Edith Billmyer to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein he,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution he attached to said
deed, add that the same he recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution he filed in the records of
this Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 12277 through 12769 in the net
amount of $72,819.94 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 6159 to 6288 and 6290
to 6297 in the total amount of $147,782.29 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the minutes of March 21 and 28, 1956 he approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Mar Y. Yeong for a tavern liquor li-
cense at the Club Louisianna, 1332 North F Street he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharpy Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Elmer Mueller for a package liquor and
beer bar license for the Fremont Liquor Store, 1130 Fremont Street he denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Samuel Book for a package liquor minia-
ture and beer bar license for the Stewart Street Liquor Store, 12th and Stewart he
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Donald J. Laughlin for a Restaurant Beve-
rage License for Laughlin's Cafe, 4l0 W. Bonanza, formerly issued to Gerald Jensen,
he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of John A. Harrell and Cecil Lynch for
a tavern liquor license at the Lucky 13 Club, 13 Fremont, formerly issued to John
A. Harrell doing business as the Keyhole Bar, he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming license
for the second quarter of 1956 he approved in the same form and condition as last quar-
ter:

ASKEW DRIVE INN	L.L. Snyder	2222	Fremont	4	slots

BABY BEEF MARKET #1	C.R. Millhizer	926	North Main	3	slots

BABY BEEF MARKET #2	C.R. Millhizer	1316	North D	2	slots

BONANZA MARKET	Vesta Hamby &

R.R. Gripentog	508	W. Bonanza	2	slots

BRAVO'S MARKET	Frank Lancaster	4l0	Morgan	1	slot

CHARLESTON LIQUOR STORE       E.J. Gilbreath	9	W. Charleston	10	slots

CLARK DAIRY	Tom Rolofson	1006	North Main	2	slots

COREY'S FINE FOODS	Cardinal & Sullivan	402	Fremont	1	slot

DESERT INN LIQUORS	George Pappas	1507	South 5th	2	slots

DOS'S MOBIL SERVICE	Cardinal & Sullivan	1300	E.Charleston	1	slot

ECONOMY FUEL & ICE	C. R. Millhizer	322	Jefferson	1	slot

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Louisianna Club

FreMont Liquor

Store



Stewart Liquor
Store

Change of Owner

Change of Name
Add'n of Partner

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals
GILBERT BROS. LIQUORS	H.V.T. Gilbert	320 W.Bonanza	8	slots

GILBERT BROS. GROCERY	H.V.T. Gilbert	400 W. Bonanza	3	slots

HAMBURGER HEAVEN	Tom Rolofson	1215	E Street	3	slots

HOLIDAY INN	Fred Worth	2205 South 5th	2	slots

JIMMIES LIQUOR STORE	C.R. Millhizer	1402 North E	5	slots

LINCOLN MARKET	Vaughn Leavitt	1500 South 5th	3	slots

LOG CABIN BAR	Albert & David

Mengarelli	122	North 1st	2	slots

LOUISIANNA CLUB	C.R. Millhizer	1330	North	F	6	slots

MONTE CARLO CLUB	C.R. Millhizer	1600	North	Main	2	slots

NERGER'S MOBIL SERVICE        Cardinal. & Sullivan	224	North	Main	1	slot

NEW VEGAS LANES	Mirabelli & Ruggeroli	125 South 2nd	1 slot

O'BRIEN'S LIQUOR STORE        Cardinal, Sullivan &	1311 E. Charleston	6 slots

0'Brian

PAYLESS LIQUOR STORE	Joseph Nosanchuck	1509	Fremont	6	slots

PHILLIPS TEXACO SER.	George W. Phillips	901	South	5th	3	slots

PLAYLAND ARCADE	O.L.	Parry	129	South	1st	36	slots

PLAYLAND BAR	O.L.	Parry	131	South	1st	3	slots

RANDLE'S CAFE	C.R.	Millhizer	1331	North	E	2	slots

RED X DRUG STORE	C.R. Millhizer	l4l8	South	5th	3	slots

HYP'S CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	134	South	5th	4	slots

SIGNAL SUPER SERVICE	John P. Ahem	2102	South 5th	3	slots

SILVER CLUB CAFE	C.R. Millhizer	505¼	Jackson	1	slot

SKILLET CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	1519	South	Main	3	slots

SPOT CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	1000	South	Main	3	slots

STRIP DRUG STORE	Carlson & McGowan	2425	South 5th	6	slots

TOWN TAVERN	Tom Rolofson	600	Jackson	10	slots

WESTSIDE GROCERY	C.R. Millhizer	322	Madison	1	slot

WESTSIDE SHOPPING CENTER      Ellsworth Baker	1315	North D	2	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Tom Rolofson for license for 5 slot
machines at the Cut Rate Liquor Store, 132 South 5th Street for the second quarter
of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following new applications for gaming license for the
second quarter of 1956 be approved:

DUO CLEANING	J.E. Tinney	1320 South 5th	3 slots

LUCKY 13 CLUB	John Harrell &

Cecil Lynch	13 Fremont	45 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for license for the retail sale
of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

AMERICAN LEGION	North 2nd	Sutton Vending

LEE CAR WASH	123 South 5th	Sutton Vending

NORD AUTO SERVICE	1321 South Main	Betty R.Nord

TWIN LAKE LIQUORS	1032 Tonopah H'way	Del Barkhuff

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Sharp and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the Traffic ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for permits for charitable solici-
tations, approved by the Solicitations Review Board,be granted:

March of Dimes
Bartenders Union
American Cancer Society

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
rezoning ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed Pub-
lic Utilities ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed pin-
ball machines ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF LAS

VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPO-
RATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND INHABITANTS TO BE
ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID
TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK,
ST3STE OF NEVADA; AND PROVIDING OTHERS MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been
reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled ordinance No. 703 be adopted.

New Location
New

CIGARETTE LICENSES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Traffic

SOLICITATION PERMITS

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
public Utilities
Licensed

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Pinball Machines

ORDINANCE NO. 703
Annexation
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION ll6, CODE OF LAS
VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS LAST AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 583 BY ESTABLISHING A PARKING
METER ZONE WITHIN THE CITY; PROVIDING METHODS OF DETERMINING WHERE PARKING METERS
SHALL BE PLACED WITHIN SAID PARKING METER ZONE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RE-
LATED THERETO, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Whipple for recommen-
dation.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE REGULATING DISTRESS MERCHANDISE SALES; DEFINING
DISTRESS MERCHANDISE SALES; REQUIRING PERSONS CONDUCTING SUCH SALES TO OBTAIN A LI-
CENSE; PRESCRIBING PROCEDURES AND STANDARDS THEREFOR; PRESCRIBING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION THEREOF; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by
title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Whipple for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NOS. 514, 595 AND SECTION

204 OF ORDINANCE NO. 676, BY ABOLISHING THE BOARD OF APPEALS AS PROVIDED IN EACH OF
SAID ORDINANCES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title and re-
ferred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE WARM AIR HEATING CODE OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS AS ADOPTED BY ORDINANCE NO. 607, BY PROVIDING FOR PERMITS FOR THE INSTALLA-
TION OF EVAPORATIVE COOLERS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PRO-
VIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR
PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commis-
sioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that the bids received for the installation
of electric service to the City Garage building be rejected and permission granted
to negotiate for the installation up to $2,000 for a portion of the work and the
Electrical. Department will finish it.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved, and a11
bids received on Bid No. 56.8 be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise for sale five
acres of City property located on the northwest comer of Washington and Bruce,
with the appraisal fee to be paid by the purchaser.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the motion granting the subdividers of Charleston Heights
No. 4 an extension of 90 days be amended to include that installation of streets,
curbs, gutters, sidewalks and the relocation of the water line and repair of sewer
line to Red Rock School be completed within 30 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 

City Attorney Howard Cannon gave a report on the telephone situation. He stated that
he had contacted Mr. Robert Allen of the Public Service Commission to request that
this Commission appoint someone to check over the records of the Telephone Company.
Mr. Cannon said he had not received a reply from Mr. Allen but he had heard over a
radio broadcast that the Public Service Commission was not going to investigate since
they are receiving only six to eight complaints per month. He suggested that the
public be requested to send their complaints direct to Mr. Allen with a copy to his
office.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting recess until April 11th, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	

		Mayor

   City Clerk	

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Parking Meter Zones

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Going Out of Business
Sales

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Board of Appeals



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Warm Air Heating Code

BID NO. 56.8
Electric Service
Rejected

SALE OF CITY
PROPERTY

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
N0. 4

TELEPHONE SERVICE
Las Vegas, Nevada
April 11, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 11th day of April, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7*30
P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst.City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E.Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT         The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of
NO. 100-36	Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to offer for sale, and to receive

Bid Opening	sealed bids and publicly open the same for the City's special assessment negotiable

	coupon bonds, designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-36 Street

Improvement Bonds, Series of March 1, 1956, in the aggregate principal amount of
$577,145.23.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

Bidder	Annual Rate	Premium

Of Interest	If Any

State of Nevada	3-3/4%	None

State Board of Investments

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
which was thereupon read in full, and at length and is as follows:

WHEREAS, due and legal notice has been given and published that the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas proposes to sell and invites proposals for
the purchase of $577,145.23 of its Assessment District No. 100-36 Street Improve-
ment Bonds, Series of March 1, 1956; and

WHEREAS, said bids have been opened on the 11th day of April, 1956, in accordance
with said notice; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the bid of the State of Nevada, State Board of Invest-
ments is the highest and best bid for said bonds;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, NEVADA:

That the bid and offer of said State of Nevada, State Board of Investments, whereby
said bidder agreed to purchase said bonds, bearing interest at a rate of Three and
Three Quarters per centum (3-3/4%) per annum, for the principal amount thereof, ac-
crued interest to the date of delivery, is the highest and best submitted for said
issue of bonds and the same should be, and hereby is accepted, and said bonds
are awarded to the said State of Nevada, State Board of Investments.

It was then moved by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by Commissioner Bunker that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage
and adoption of the foregoing resolution at this meeting be and the same are
hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said resolution at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result: Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion, the
Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said resolution be now placed upon its final
passage and adopted. The motion was seconded by Commissioner Bunker.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said resolution, the roll was
called with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and the said resolution duly passed and adopted.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	The Mayor announced that this was the time and place designated for the Board of Com-

NO. 200-17	missioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to offer for sale, and to receive sealed

Bid Opening	bids and publicly open the same for the City's special assessment negotiable coupon

	bonds, designated City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 200-17 Sanitary Sewer

Improvement Bonds, Series of April 1, 1956, in the aggregate principal, amount of
$20,207.91.

Thereupon, all of said bids received were opened and are as follows:

Bidder	Annual Rate	Premium

of Interest	If Any

State of Nevada	3-3/4%	None

State Board of Investments
Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution
which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

WHEREAS, due and legal notice has been given and published that the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas proposes to sell and invites proposals for the pur-
chase of $20,207.91 of its Assessment District No. 200-17 Sanitary Sewer Improvement
Bonds, Series of April 1, 1956; and

WHEREAS, said bids have been opened on the 11th day of April, 1956, in accordance
with said notice; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the bid of the State of Nevada, State Board of Investments
is the highest and best bid for said bonds;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA:

That the bid and offer of said State of Nevada, State Board of Investments, whereby said
bidder agreed to purchase said bonds, bearing interest at a rate of Three and Three
Quarters per centum (3-3/4%) per annum, for the principal amount thereof, accrued
interest to the date of delivery, is the highest and best bid submitted for said issue
of bonds and the same should be, and hereby is accepted, and said bonds are awarded
to the said State of Nevada, State Board of Investments.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Whipple that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage
and adoption of the foregoing resolution at this meeting be and the same are hereby
suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said resolu-
tion at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following results:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

All members of the Board of Commissioners having voted in favor of said motion, the
Mayor declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said resolution be now placed upon its final
passage and adopted. The motion was seconded by Commissioner Whipple.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said resolution, the roll was
called with the following results:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor thereupon declared that all the Commissioners having voted in favor thereof,
said motion was carried and the said resolution duly passed and adopted.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.11 for the diversion of sewers
in the vicinity of l6th and Charleston, bids were received from the following firms:

GEORGE E. MILLER	$3,987.30

GENERAL BUILDERS INC.	8,543.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public
Works and City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following emergency
ordinance, which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 704

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CONFIRMING ACTION DIRECTED TOWARD
THE IMPROVEMENT OF CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, THE CREATION OF STREET IM-
PROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-36, AND THE ISSUANCE OF IMPROVEMENT BONDS;
PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SAID BONDS; PRESCRIBING DETAILS IN CONNECTION THERE-
WITH AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark and State of Nevada, on the 11th day of April, 1956, did publicly
sell its City of Las Vegas Assessment District No. 100-36 Street Improvement Bonds,
Series of April 1, 1956, in the aggregate principal amount of $577,145.23 in ac-
cordance with the laws of the State of Nevada, and City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, said Board desires to authorize and direct the issuance of said

bonds.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES
ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. That all action, proceedings, matters and things (not inconsis-
tent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore taken, had and done by the
City of Las Vegas and the officers of said City concerning the making of certain
public improvements in Special Assessment District No. 100-36, and the levying of
assessments and the issuance of its Special Assessment District No. 100-36, Street
Improvement Bonds, Series of April 1, 1956, therefor, including, without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the filing of plats and diagrams with the City
Clerk, the declaration by ordinance of the Board of Commissioners' determination
to make such improvements, the matters stated in said ordinance, the giving of no-
tice of said filing and of said Improvements as proposed, the publication and posting
of said notice, the creation of said district by ordinance, the confirmation, adoption,
and approval of the amended assessment roll No. 34-1955, and the public sale of said
bonds to the State of Nevada, State Board of Investments be and the same hereby is
ratified, approved and confirmed.	4-11-56

BID NO. 56.ll
Diversion of Sewers
l6th & Charleston
Bid Opening

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Emergency Ordinance
No. 704 Adopted
SECTION 2. That, for the purpose of defraying the entire cost and expense
of making said improvements, except to the extent funds are available therefor from
that part of said assessments which have been heretofore paid, there be issued in
the name of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, special assessment negotiable coupon bonds
designated "Assessment District No. 100-36 Street Improvement Bonds, Series of April
1, 1956", in the aggregate principal amount of $577,l45.23 consisting of 580 bonds
numbered consecutively from 1 to 580, both inclusive, which bonds shall bear date as
of the 1st day of April, 1956, shall be in the denominations of $1000,00 and $700.00
each, except bond numbered one which shall be in the denomination of $845.23, bearing
interest at the rate of three and three-fourths per centum (3-3/4%) per annum until
paid in full, payable annually on the 1st day of April in each year, as evidenced
by interest coupons attached to said bonds. Said bonds shall be numbered, shall be
in the denomination of, and shall mature serially in regular numerical order on the
first day of April in each of the years indicated as follows:

Bond Numbers	Bond	Amount	Maturing

(All-Inclusive)	Denomination	Maturing	Date

1	$ 845.23

2-58	1000.00	$57,845.23	4-1-57

59	700.00

60 - 116	1,000.00	57,700.00	4-1-58

117	700.00

118 - 174	1,000.00	57,700.00	4-1-59

175	700.00

176 - 232	1,000.00	57,700.00	4-1-60

233	700.00

234 - 290	1,000.00	57,700.00	4-1-61

291	700.00

292 - 348	1,000.00	57,700.00	4-1-62

349	700.00

350 - 406	1,000.00	57,700.00	4-1-63

407	700.00

4o8 - 464	1,000.00	57,700.00	4-1-64

465	700.00

466 - 522	1,000.00	57,700.00	4-1-65

523	700.00

524 - 580	1,000.00	57,700.00	4-1-66

said bonds and the interest thereon shall be payable in lawful money of the United
States of America at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas, at
Las Vegas, Nevada.

Said bonds shall be fully negotiable and shall have all the qualities of
negotiable paper, subject to the payment provisions stated herein, and the holder
or holders thereof shall possess all rights enjoyed by holders of negotiable in-
struments under the provisions of the Negotiable Instruments Law.

Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, counter-
signed by the City Treasurer, and its corporate seal shall be affixed to each bond
and attested and countersigned by its City Clerk. The coupons attached to said
bonds shall bear the facsimile signature of the Mayor,City Treasurer and City Clerk,
which officers, by the execution of said bonds, shall adopt as and for their signa-
tures the facsimiles thereof appearing on said coupons, and when said bonds are
executed, said coupons shall constitute the binding obligations of said City for
said interest. Said bonds and coupons bearing the signatures of the officers in office
at the time of the signing thereof shall be the valid and binding obligation of the
City of Las Vegas, notwithstanding that before the delivery thereof and payment
therefor any or all of the persons whose signatures appear thereon shall have ceased
to fill their respective offices.

All of said bonds are subject to prior redemption in inverse numerical
order at the option of the City on any interest payment date prior to maturity, at
a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the redemption
date, whenever funds are available therefor. Notice of redemption shall be given by
the City Treasurer in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication of such no-
tice at least once in each calendar week on any day of the week for at least two
successive weeks, the first publication to be at least fifteen days prior to the re-
demption date, in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las Vegas, a copy
of such notice shall be sent by registered mail at least fifteen days prior to the
redemption date to the State of Nevada, State Board of Investments the original
purchaser of the bonds. Such notice shall specify the number or numbers of the bonds
to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and the date fixed for re-
demption, and shall further state that on such redemption date there will became and
will be due and payable upon each bonds so to be redeemed at the office of the City
Treasurer in the City of Las Vegas, the principal amount thereof with accrued interest
to the redemption date, and that from and after such date interest will cease to ac-
crue. Notice having been given in the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or bonds
so called for redemption shall become due and payable on the redemption date so desig-
nated; and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, together with
all appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date, the City of Las
Vegas will pay the bond or bonds so called for redemption.

SECTION 3. That said bonds and the interest thereon shall be payable from
the special fund heretofore created, and designated "Street Improvement Assessment
District No. 100-36 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," containing the receipts upon
the collection thereof from the special assessments levied against and secured by a
lien upon property in Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-36 in said City,
said assessments bearing interest commencing March 1, 1956, and payable annually on
each principal paying date at the same rate of interest as borne by said bonds, said
assessments being payable in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal
commencing on or before March 1, 1957; and on or before the same day in each year
thereafter until paid in full; or; at the owner's option; the whole of the unpaid
principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date being
payable at any time; provided; however; that in the event said fund shall be in-
sufficient to pay said bonds and interest thereon as they become due; the deficiency
shall be paid out of the City's general fund.

SECTION 4. That said bonds and the coupons thereto attached shall be in
substantially the following form:

(Bond Form)

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

STATE OF NEVADA	COUNTY OF CLARK

CITY OF IAS VEGAS

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-36 STREET IMPROVEMENT BONDS
SERIES OF APRIL 1; 1956

$1,000.00

700.00

845.23

No.__________

The City of Las Vegas; in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, a
municipal corporation duly organized and existing, for value received hereby
promises, out of funds available for the purpose, as hereinafter set forth, to
pay to bearer hereof the principal sum of

ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS

SEVEN HUNDRED DOLLARD

EIGHT HUNDRED FORTY-FIVE AND TWENTY THREE ONE HUNDREDTHS DOLLARS

on the first day of April, 1957; with interest thereon until maturity according to
the interest coupons hereto attached, and thereafter until paid at the rate of three
and three-fourths per centum (3-3/4%) per annum, payable annually on the first day
of April in each year, both principal and interest being payable in lawful money of
the United State of America, at the office of the City Treasurer, City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, upon presentation and surrender of this bond and of the annexed
coupons as they severally become due.

This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas
on any interest payment date at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with
accrued interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be made upon not less than
fifteen days' prior notice by publication in a newspaper of general circulation in
the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the ordi-
nance authorizing the issuance of this bond.

This bond is one of a series of 580 special assessment, negotiable coupon,
improvement bonds, numbered consecutively from one to 580, both inclusive, issued
by the City of Las Vegas, all of which are of like date and designation and aggregate
the total amount of Five Hundred Seventy Seven Thousand One Hundred Forty Five and
Twenty Three One Hundredths Dollars ($577,145.23).

This bond and the interest thereon shall be payable from a special fund
designated "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-36 Bond Interest and
Redemption Fund," containing the receipts upon the collection thereof from the
special assessments levied against and secured by a lien upon property in Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-36, which fund is and shall continue to
constitute a sinking fund for and be deemed specially appropriated to the full and
prompt payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, and shall be used for no
other purpose whatever, provided, however, that in the event said fund shall be
insufficient to pay said bonds and the interest thereon as they became due, the
deficiency shall be paid out of the City's general fund.

Said special assessments made and levied to defray said cost, with
accruing interest thereon, constitute a lien upon and against the property upon
which such assessments were made and levied from and after the 15th day of February,
1956 the date upon which the amended assessment roll therefor was confirmed and ap-
proved by the Board of Commissioners of said City.

It is hereby certified, recited and declared that all acts, conditions
and things essential to the validity of the bond exist, have happened and have been
done in due time, form and manner as required by law, and that the total issue of
said improvement bonds of said City for said improvements and incidental expenses,
including this bond, does not exceed the amount authorized by law nor the special
assessments levied to cover the cost of said improvements.

It is hereby further certified, recited and declared that the proceedings,
with reference to making such improvements and levying the assessments to pay there-
for, have been regularly had and taken in compliance with law, and that all prere-
quisites to the fixing of the assessment lien against the property benefited by the
improvements and of the personal liability of the owner or owners of such property
therefor have been performed.

This bond is subject to the condition, and every holder thereof by accepting
the same agrees with obligor and every subsequent holder hereof, that (a) the delivery
of this bond to the transferee shall vest title in this bond and in the interest cou-
pons attached hereto in such transferee to the same extent for all purposes as would
the delivery under like circumstances of any negotiable instrument payable to bearer;
(b) the obligor and any agent of the obligor may treat the bearer of this bond as
the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, and shall not be affected by any notice
to the contrary; (c) the principal of and the interest on this bond shall be paid,
and this bond and each of the coupons appertaining thereto are transferable, free
from and without regard to any equities between the obligor and the original or any
intermediate holder hereof, or any set-offs or cross-claims; and (d) the surrender
to the obligor or any agent of the obligor of this bond and each of the coupons shall
be a good discharge to the obligor for the same.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has caused this bond to
be signed by its Mayor, countersigned by its City Treasurer, and its corporate seal
to be affixed hereto and attested and countersigned by its City Clerk, and the an-
nexed coupons to bear the facsimile signatures of said officials, and this bond to
be dated as of the first day of April, 1956.

(Do not sign)__________________

Mayor

Countersigned:

(SEAL)

(Do not sign)__________________

Attested and	City Treasurer

Countersigned:

(Po not sign)________

City Clerk

(Coupon Form)

(For Bonds 1 through 580, inclusive)

* 31.70
** 26.25
***	37.50

NO._________

On the first day of April______****(Unless the bond to which this coupon

is attached has been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the bearer hereof the sum of

* Thirty One and Seventy One Hundredths Dollars
** Twenty-Six and Twenty-Five oNe Hundredths Dollars
*** Thirty-Seven and Fifty ONe Hundredths Dollars

in lawful money of the United States of America, out of a special fund designated
the "Assessment District No. 100-36 Street Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption
Fund", or in the event such fund shall be insufficient therefor out of its general
fund, at the office of the City Treasurer of said City, being one year's interest
on its Assessment District No. 100-36 Street Improvement Bond, Series of April 1,
1956"; and bearing

No.___________

(Facsimile signature)

Mayor

(Facsimile signature)

City Treasurer

(Facsimile signature)

City Clerk)

*	 (insert	as	amount	of	coupon	for	bond	in	denomination	of	$845.23)

(insert	as	amount	of	coupon	for	bond	in	denomination	of	$700.00)

**** (insert	as	amount	of	coupon	for	bond	in	denomination	of	$1000.00)

****(Insert in all coupons (Except No. 1) maturing on and after one year from date
on each bond.)

SECTION 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer
in the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt
of the purchase price. The funds realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied
solely to defray the cost and expense of making said improvements, but the pur-
chaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application by said
City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

SECTION 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they here-
by are, authorized and directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to ef-
fectuate the provisions of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates
as may reasonably be required by the purchasers thereof, relating, inter alia, to
the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the
amounts certified on the assessment roll together with the amount of cash payments,
the accuracy of property descriptions, the receipt of the assignable certificates
and the delivery of the bonds, and the absence of litigation pending or threatened
affecting the validity of the bonds.

SECTION 7. That after said street improvement bonds are issued, this
ordinance shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest thereon
shall be fully paid, certified and discharged, as herein provided.

SECTION 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in con-
flict with the provisions of this ordinance, are hereby repealed. This repealer
shall not be construed to revive any ordinance, nor resolution, or part thereof, here-
tofore repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, 4-11-56
such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of
this ordinance, hut shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional add in-
valid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause
or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or preju-
dice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other in-
stances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of
Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said
streets; therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week
for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in
the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 11th day of April, 1956.

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioners:

Nay:

Commissioner Whipple then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the fol-
lowing result:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Whipple that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage
and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby sus-
pended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said Emer-
gency Ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of
said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon
its final passage.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and
as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion. The question
being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the
following result:	Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in favor
thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted as an
emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 704.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following emergency

NO. 200-17	ordinance, which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

Emergency Ordinance
No. 705 Adopted
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 705

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CONFIRMING ACTION DIRECTED TOWARD THE
MAKING OF CERTAIN PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS BY INSTALLING A SANITARY SEWER ALONG" CERTAIN
STREETS, AND ALLEYS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS AND ALLEYS AND EASEMENTS; THE CREATION
OF SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-17 AND THE ISSUANCE OF IM-
PROVEMENT BONDS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SAID BONDS; PRESCRIBING DETAILS IN
CONNECTION THEREWITH; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND DECLAR-
ING AN EMERGENCY.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas ,in the County
of Clark, and State of Nevada, on the 11th day of April, 1956, did publicly sell its
Assessment District No. 200-17 Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series of March 1,
1956, in the aggregate principal amount of $20,207.91 In accordance with the laws of
the State of Nevada, and City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, said Board desires to authorize and direct the issuance of said bonds.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES
ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. That all action, proceedings, matters and things (not inconsis-
tent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore taken, had and done by the
City of Las Vegas and the officers of said City concerning the making of certain
public improvements in Special Assessment District No. 200-17, and the levying of
assessments and the issuance of its Special Assessment District No. 200-17, Sanitary
Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series of March 1, 1956, therefor, including, without limit-
ing the generality of the foregoing, the filing of plats and diagrams with the City
Clerk, the declaration by ordinance of the Board of Commissioners' determination to
make such improvements, the matters stated in said ordinance, the giving of notice
of said filing and of said improvements as proposed, the publication and posting of
said notice, the creation of said district by ordinance, the confirmation, adoption,
and approval of the assessment roll 36-1956, and the public sale of said bonds to
the State of Nevada, State Board of Investments be and the same hereby is ratified,
approved, and confirmed.

SECTION 2. That, for the purpose of defraying the entire cost and expense
of making said improvements there be issued in the name of the City of Las Vegas
special assessment negotiable coupon bonds designated "Assessment District No.200-17
Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bonds, Series of March 1, 1956," in the aggregate princi-
pal amount of $20,207.91, consisting of twenty-one bonds numbered consecutively from
1 to 21, both inclusive, which bonds shall bear date as of the 1st day- of March,

1956, shall be in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, except bond numbered one which
shall be in the denomination of $207.91, bearing interest at the rate of three and
three fourths per cent (3-3/4%) per annum until paid in full, payable annually on
the 1st day of March in each year, as evidenced by interest coupons attached to said
bonds. Said bonds shall be numbered, shall be in the denomination of, and shall mature
serially in regular numerical order on the 1st day of March in each of the years in-
dicated as follows:

BOND NUMBERS	BOND	AMOUNT	MATURITY

(All Inclusive	Denomination	Maturing	Date

1	$	207.91

2-3	1,000.00	$2207.91	3-1-57

4-5	1,000.00	2000 .00	3-1-58

6-7	1,000.00	2,000.00	3-1-59

8-9	1,000.00	2,000.00	3-1-60

10-11	1,000.00	2,000.00	3-1-61

12-13	1,000.00	2,000.00	3-1-62

14-15	1,000.00	2,000.00	3-1-63

16-17	1,000.00	2,000.00	3-1-64

18-19	1,000.00	2,000.00	3-1-65

20-21	1,000.00	2,000.00	3-1-66

Said bonds and the coupons thereto attached shall be payable in lawful money of the
United States of American at the office of the City Treasurer of the City of Las
Vegas at Las Vegas, Nevada.

Said bonds shall be fully negotiable and shall have all the qualities of
negotiable paper, subject to the payment provisions stated herein, and the holder
or holders thereof shall possess all rights enjoyed by holders of negotiable
instruments under the provisions of the Negotiable Instruments Law.

Said bonds shall be signed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, counter-
signed by the City Treasurer, and its corporate seal shall be affixed to each bond
and attested and countersigned by its City Clerk. The coupons attached to said
bonds shall bear the facsimile signature of the Mayor, City Treasurer and City
Clerk, which officers, by the execution of said bonds, shall adopt as and for their
signatures the facsimiles thereof appearing on said coupons, and when said bonds
are executed, said coupons shall constitute the binding obligations of said City
for said interest. Said bonds and coupons bearing the signatures of the officers
in office at the time of the signing thereof shall be the valid and binding obliga-
tions of the City of Las Vegas, notwithstanding that before the delivery thereof
and payment thereafter any or all of the persons whose signatures appear thereon
shall have ceased to fill their respective offices.

All of said bonds are subject to prior redemption in inverse numerical
order at the option of the City on any interest payment date prior to aturity,
at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with accrued interest to the re-
demption date, whenever funds are available therefor. Notice of redemption shall
be given by the City Treasurer in the name of the City of Las Vegas by publication
of such notice at least once in each calendar week on any day of the week for at
least two successive weeks, the first publication to be at least fifteen days prior
to the redemption date, in a newspaper of general circulation in the City of Las
Vegas, and a copy of such notice shall be sent by registered mail at least fifteen
days prior to the redemption date to the State of Nevada, State Board of Investments,
the original purchaser of the bonds. Such notice shall specify the number or num-
bers of the bonds to be so redeemed (if less than all are to be redeemed) and the
date fixed for redemption, and shall further state that on such redemption date there
will become and be due and payable upon each bond so to be redeemed at the office of
the City Treasurer in the City of Las Vegas, the principal amount thereof with Accrued
interest to the redemption date, and that from and after such date interest will cease
to accrue. Notice having been given in the manner hereinbefore provided, the bond or
bonds so called for redemption shall became due and payable on the redemption date so
designated; and upon presentation thereof at the office of the City Treasurer, together
with all appurtenant coupons maturing subsequent to the redemption date, the City of
Las Vegas will pay the bond or bonds so called for redemption.

SECTION 3. That said bonds and the interest thereon shall be payable from
the special fund heretofore created, and designated "Assessment District No. 200-17
Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption Fund", containing the receipts
upon the collection thereof from the special assessments levied against and secured by
alien upon property in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17
in said City, which fund is and shall continue to constitute a sinking fund for and
be deemed specially appropriated to the full and prompt payment of said bonds and the
interest thereon as they became due, said assessments bearing interest commencing
February 1, 1956, and payable annually on each principal paying date at the same rate
of interest as borne by said bonds, said assessments being payable in ten substantially
equal annual installments of principal commencing on or before February 1, 1957 and on
or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, or, at the owners
option, the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next
interest paying date being payable at any time; provided, however, that in the event
said fund shall be insufficient to pay said bonds and interest thereon as they become
due, the deficiency shall be paid out of teh City's general fund.

SECTION 4. That said bonds and the coupons thereto attached shall be in
substantially the following form:

(Bond Form)

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

STATE OF NEVADA	COUNTY OF CLARK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-17 SANITARY SEWER IMPROVEMENT BONDS
SERIES OF MARCH 1, 1956

$1000.00

207. 51

No.___________

The City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark and State of Nevada, a
municipal corporation duly organized and existing, for value received hereby
promises, out of funds available for that purpose, as hereinafter set forth,
to pay to bearer hereof the principal sum of

ONE THOUSAND D0LLARS

TWO HUNDRED SEVEN AND NINETY-ONE ONE HUNDREDTHS DOLLARS

on the first day of March 1957; with interest thereon until maturity according to
the interest coupons attached hereto, and thereafter until paid at the rate of
three and threefourths (3-3/4% per cent per annum, payable annually an the first
day of March in each year, both principal and interest being payable in lawful
money of the United States of America, at the office of the City Treasurer, City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, upon presentation and surrender of this bond
and of the annexed coupons as they severally become due.

This bond is subject to redemption at the option of the City of Las Vegas
on any interest payment date at a price equal to the principal amount thereof with
accrued interest to the redemption date. Redemption shall be made upon not less
than fifteen days' prior notice by publication in a newspaper of general circula-
tion in the City of Las Vegas in the manner and upon the conditions provided in the
ordinance authorizing the issuance of this Bond.

This bond is one of a series of twenty-one special assessment, negotiable
coupon improvement bonds numbered consecutively from one to twenty-one both inclusive,
issued by the City of Las Vegas, all of which are of like date and designations and
aggregate the total amount of TWENTY THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED SEVEN AND NINETY-ONE ONE
HUNDREDTHS DOLLARS ($20,207.91).

This bond and the interest thereon shall be payable from a special fund
designated "Assessment District No. 200-17 Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bond Interest
and Redemption Fund", containing the receipts upon the collection thereof from the
special assessments levied against and secured by a lien upon property in Sanitary
Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17; which fund is and shall continue
to constitute a sinking fund for and be deemed specially appropriated to the full and
prompt payment of said bonds and the interest thereon, and shall be used for no other
purpose whatever, provided, however, that in the event said fund shall be insufficient
to pay said bonds and the interest thereon as they became due, the deficiency shall be
paid out of the City's general fund.
Said special assessments made and levied to defray said cost, with accruing
interest thereon, constitute a lien upon and against the property upon which assess-
ments were made and levied from and after the 18th day of January, 1956, the date
upon which the assessment roll therefor was confirmed and approved by the Board of
Commissioners of said City.

It is hereby certified, recited and declared that all acts, conditions and
things essential to the validity of the bond exist, have happened and have been done
in due time, form and manner as required by law, and that the total issue of said
improvement bonds of said City for said improvements and incidental expenses, includ-
ing this bond, does not exceed the amount authorized by law nor the special assessments
levied to cover the cost of said improvements.

It is hereby further certified, recited and declared that the proceedings
with reference to making such improvements and levying the assessments to pay there-
for have been regularly had and taken in compliance with law, and that all prerequisites
to the fixing of the assessment lien against the property benefited by the improve-
ments and of the personal liability of the owner or owners of such property therefor
have been performed.

This bond is subject to the condition, and every holder hereof by accept-
ing the same agrees with the obligor and every subsequent holder hereof, that; (a)
the delivery of this bond to any transferee shall vest title in this bond and in the
interest coupons attached hereto in such transferee to the same extent for all pur-
poses as would the delivery under like circumstances of any negotiable instrument
payable to bearer; (b) the obligor and any agent of the obligor may treat the bearer
of this bond as the absolute owner hereof for all purposes, and shall not be affected
by any notice to the contrary; (c) the principal of and the interest on this bond
shall be paid, and this bond and each of the coupons appertaining thereto are trans-
ferable, free from and without regard to any equities between the obligor and the
original or any intermediate holder hereof, or any set-offs or cross-claims; and (d)
the surrender to the obligor or any agent of the obligor of this bond and each of the
coupons shall be a gooddischarge to the obligor for the same.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada has caused this bond to
be signed by its Mayor, countersigned by its City Treasurer, and its corporate seal to
be affixed hereto and attested and countersigned by its City Clerk, and the annexed
coupons to bear the facsimile signatures of said officials, and this bond to be dated
as of the first day of March, 1956.

(SEAL)	(Do	not sign)_________

Mayor

Attested and

Countersigned:	Countersigned:

(Do not sign)_____________________________________ (Do	not sign)_________

City Clerk	City	Treasurer

(Coupon Form)

* $ 7.80

** 37.50

No.----

On the first day of March ________****(Unless the bond to which this cou-

pon is attached has been called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the bearer hereof the sum of

* SEVEN AND EIGHTY ONE HUNDREDTHS DOLLARS

** THIRTY SEVEN AND FIFTY ONE HUNDREDTHS DOLLARS

in lawful money of the United States of America, out of a special fund designated
the "Assessment District No. 200-17 Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bond Interest and
Redemption Funt", or in the event said fund shall be insufficient therefor out of
its general fund, at the office of the City Treasurer of said City, being one
year's interest on its "Assessment District No. 200-17 Sanitary Sewer Improvement
Bond, Series of March 1, 1956," and bearing

No._______ (Facsimile signature)

Mayor

(Facsimile signature)

City Treasurer
(Facsimile signature)

City Clerk

* (insert as amount of coupon for bond in denomination of $207.91)

*** (insert as amount of coupon for bond in denomination of $1000.00)

*** (insert in all coupons (Except No. 1) maturing on and after one year
from date on each bond.)

SECTION 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer
in the City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on re-
ceipt of the purchase price. The funds realized from the sale of the bonds shall be
applied solely to defray the cost and expense of making said improvements, but the
purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible to the application by said
City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.
SECTION 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby
are, authorized and directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectu-
ate the provisions of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the execution of such certificates
as may reasonably be required by the purchasers thereof, relating, inter alia, to
the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the
amounts certified on the assessment roll together with the amount of cash payments,
the accuracy of property descriptions, the receipt of the assignable certificates
and the delivery of the bonds, and the absence of litigation pending or threatened
affecting the validity of the bonds.

SECTION 7. That after said sanitary sewer improvement bonds are issued,
this ordinance shall be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest
thereon shall be fully paid, certified and discharged, as herein provided.

SECTION 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in con-
flictwith the provisions of this ordinance, are hereby repealed. This repealer
shall not be construed to revive any ordinance, nor resolution, or part thereof,
heretofore repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid,
and the inapplicability and invalid of any section, sentence, clause or part of
this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any
way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the sewers of the City of
Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to install said
sewers, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that it is
necessary immediately to raise funds to install said sewers, therefore, it is
hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary
for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week
for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption,
in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 11th day of April, 1956.

(SEAL)	C..D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor	Baker

Nays:	None

Commissioner Fountain then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the fol-
lowing result:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Fountain that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and
adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be,and the same are hereby suspended for
the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said Emergency Ordinance
at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in
full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of
said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its
final passage.
Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read
and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Fountain seconded the motion. The
question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called
with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted
as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Whipple moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 705.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 7.40 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened in the Mayor's
office at the hour of 8.00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker left the meeting.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tavern liquor license of the Log Cabin Bar, 122
North 1st Street be suspended until April 18, 1956, and the operators notified to
appear at the regular meeting on that date to show cause why their license should
not be revoked for sale of liquor to minors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Bunker.

The meeting convened in the Council Chambers at the hour of 8.30 P.M. with all mem-
bers present as of the opening session.

Mayor Baker announced that the casino operators had been requested to be present
at this meeting to discuss several problems. His Honor stated that the Commission
was disturbed about the numerous give-away programs that are being sponsored by
the local clubs.

Mayor Baker called the roll and representatives of the following clubs were present:

Pioneer Club	Brown Derby	Cotton Club

El Cortez Hotel	Town Tavern	Club Louisianna

Showboat Hotel	Lucky Strike	Westerner

Monte Carlo	Golden Nugget	Boulder Club

Califiornia Club	Fremont Hotel	Las Vegas Club

Fortune Club	Horseshoe Club	Lucky 13 Club

Golden Slot	Golden Gate	Cinnabar

Discussion was held on whether or not the clubs wished to continue the practice of
give-aways. Those representatives who were in favor were the Fortune Club, Lucky
13 Club, El Cortez Hotel and Showboat. Those opposed to this practice were the
Golden Nugget, Monte Carlo Club, Lucky Strike and Cinnabar.

Thereafter the Board took the matter under advisement and advised the club operators
that they would be notified of the action.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jack Smith for an auction permit at
the Troy Laundry, 119 North Main Street on April 17, 1956, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that George E.Wade, Director of Public Works be granted
permission to attend the Public Works Convention in Oakland, California and that
expenses in the amount of $150.00 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Fire Chief and Alarm Captain be granted $50.00 ex-
penses to attend a meeting of the I.M.S.A. in Bakersfield, California.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Fountain moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:		

ATTESTED:

	Mayor

   City Clerk

LOG CABIN BAR
License Suspended

GAMING LICENSES

AUCTION PERMIT
Troy Laundry

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Director of Public
Works

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Fire Department
Personnel
Las Vegas, Nevada
April 18, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 18th day of April, 1956 was called to order at the hour
of 7-30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W.Notti

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

Works Engineer	Vic Uehling

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Engineer	George E.Wade

Mayor Baker announced that William Morse, attorney for Albert and David
Mengarelli owners of the Log Cabin Bar had requested a continuance of the
hearing on their show cause why their liquor license should not be revoked
for sale of liquor to minors.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be deferred until May 2, 1956, and
the suspension of this license continue until that time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the petition for annexation of the west 332 feet
of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 20, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M. The Planning Com-
mission recommended that this annexation be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved this annexation be approved and the City Attor-
ney instructed to prepare the ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mayor Baker presented the request of the City of Henderson for the loan of
a fire truck for a period of ninety days.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a fire truck be loaned to the City of Hen-
derson for ninety days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Director of Planning Franklin J. Bills presented supplementary information
relative to the Urban Renewal Program.

Commissioner Bunker moved this supplementary information on Urban Renewal
be approved and submitted to Housing and Home Financing Agency.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.10 for the furnishing of
Lubricants to the City be awarded to Union Oil Company who was the low bidder.

He further recommended that both the bid for the three month period and the
one year term be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted
and Bid No. 56.10 be awarded to Union Oil Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Works Engineer Vic Uehling recommended that the bid of George E. Miller on Bid
No. 56.ll for the diversion of sewer at l6th and Charleston, being the low
bidder, be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Engineer Department be ac-
cepted and Bid No. 56.11 be awarded to George E. Miller in the total amount of
$3987.30.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Judy Rich Tract No. 2 be approved and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LOG CABIN LIQUOR
LICENSE

ANNEXATION -
Sec. 20, T20S, R6lE

FIRE EQUIPMENT LOAN

URBAN RENEWAL PROGRAM

BID NO. 56.10
Lubricants

Awarded



BID NO. 56.ll
Sewer Diversion
l6th & Charleston

JUDY RICH TRACT


This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.12 for the Street Repair
Contract, bids were opened from the following firms:

IDEAL ASPHALT	$11,360.00

PAHLEN CONSTRUCTION CO.	9,280.00

WELLS CARGO INC.	7,984.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of
Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from C.L. and Pearl Hennon and Irma
D. Masek for Washington Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of April , 1956, by the Board ofCom-

missioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 11th day of April , 1956, executed by C.L. Hennon and

Pearl Hennon husband and wife; Irma D. Masek a widow

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in-
tentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 12772 through 13267 in the
net amount of $67,469.10 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 6299 to 6475
inclusive in the total amount of $117,157.12 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of April 4 and 11, 1956 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of James C.Russell for a Wholesale Liquor
and Importers license and a Retail Package Liquor license at the Thriftimart, 2200
West Bonanza be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of C.H. Murray to move the Sundown Liquor
Store from 218 North Main to 2l4½ North Main be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of C.R.Millhizer for license for 1 "21"
and 1 Poker at the Silver Club, 505½ Jackson be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Charles Redican and Ruth Beck for
license for 1 Race Horse Keno at the New Boulder Club Keno, 118 Fremont be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of O.W.Glenn for one slot machine at the
Bonanza Cafe, 4l0 W.Bonanza be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Morris Diamond and Bernard Koblin
for license for one additional slot machine at the Dollar Market, 433 North Main
Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 56.12
Street Repair Contract
Opened

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

Thriftmart

Change of Location
Sundown Liquors

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming li-

censes for the second quarter of 1956 be approved:

CHARLIE'S LIQUOR STORE	Elias Atol	1511	South Main	5	slots

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	P.J. & John	Buckley 	24	Fremont	1	slot

ELITE MARKET	Earle W.Vause	831	South Main	3	slots

FRIENDLY LIQUOR STORE	H. Levy	6l6	W.Bonanza	6	slots

FOOD CENTER	H. Levy	770	Fremont	3	slots

GLENN VEGAS MOTEL	Herbert A.Hitchens

& WM. Stewart	2233 South 5th	3 slots

L & W CAFE	Robert & Linn

Wilson	18	Garces	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail
sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

AUSTIN DRUG #2	K.a. Austin	1030 Tonopah Highway

PARK MARKET	Morris Diamond	424 North 5th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for Solicitation Permits for
charitable purposes, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board be approved:

QUARTER MIDGET RACING ASSOCIATION
LAS VEGAS LIONS CLUB

LAS VEGAS POLICE PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of A.H. Whittaker of Arts Loan & Jewelry
to move from 11 Fremont to 117 North 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none.

At the hour of 8.35 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9.00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
rezoning ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 559, ALSO

KNOWN AS CHAPTER 36, SECTION 4l, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS AMENDED, BY
PROVIDING FOR SPEED LIMITS ON THE PUBLIC STREETS AND ALLEYS WITHIN THE CITY; TO
AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 39 DEALING WITH THE RIGHT OF WAY ON PUBLIC STREETS; PRO-
VIDING FOR PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING FOR OTHER MAT-
TERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain
and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 706 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on Public Utilities Licenses, requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING CHAPTER 17 OF THE CODE OF LAS VEGAS,

NEVADA, 1949, WHICH PROVIDES FOR THE LICENSING OF BUSINESSES WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, BY ADDING A NEW SECTION THERETO TO BE KNOWN AS SECTION 23; LIMITING THE LO-
CATION OF COIN OPERATED AMUSEMENT MACHINE; PROHIBITING PERSONS UNDER 18 FROM PLAY-
ING CERTAIN MACHINES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF, having been reported on favorably by Commis-
sioners Fountain and Whipple, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 707 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE REGULATING DISTRESS MERCHANDISE SALES; DEFIN-

ING DISTRESS MERCHANDISE SALES; REQUIRING PERSONS CONDUCTING SUCH SALES TO OBTAIN A
LICENSE; PRESCRIBING PROCEDURES AND STANDARDS THEREFOR; PRESCRIBING PENALTIES FOR
THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having
been reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, was read in full
to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 708 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners. Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NOS. 514, 594 AND SECTION

204 OF ORDINANCE NO. 676, BY ABOLISHING THE BOARD OF APPEALS AS PROVIDED IN EACH OF
SAID ORDINANCES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported on
favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Renewals

CIGARETTE LICENSES

SOLICITATION PERMITS

PAWNBROKERS LICENSE
New location

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

ORDINANCE NO. 706
Traffic

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Public Utilities

ORDINANCE NO. 707
Pinball Machines



ORDINANCE NO. 708
Going Out of
Business Sales



ORDINANCE NO. 709
Board of Appeals


Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 709 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordi-
nance amending the Warm Air Heating Code requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 116, CODE OF LAS

VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS LAST AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 583, BE ESTABLISHING A PARKING
METER ZONE WITHIN THE CITY; PROVIDING METHODS OF DETERMINING WHERE PARKING METERS
SHALL BE PLACED WITHIN SAID PARKING METER ZONE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Sharp and Whipple,
was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 710 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING ORDINANCE NO. 688 DEALING WITH THE

SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS BY LIMITING THE GRANTING OF IMPORTERS LICENSES AND
PROVIDING FEES THEREFOR AND PLACING RESTRICTIONS ON THE TYPES OF SALES IN GROCERIES
AND DRUG STORES; PROVIDING FOR OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title and
referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy requested approval of payment of $4500.00 to Wells Cargo
for street patching. Mr. Kennedy explained that the City has received the money
for this work.

Commissioner Whipple moved that payment of $4500.00 to Wells Cargo for street
patching be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission he has received a letter from Harry H.
Whitely, architect for the proposed improvements to the Police Department, stating
that the final plans and specifications will be submitted by May 6, 1956, and re-
questing payment of $2,520.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that payment of $2,520.00 to Harry H. Whitely be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Fire Department had secured
bids from three firms for the furnishing of office equipment, beds and furnishings
for the new Fire Station, and requested permission to accept the lowest bids on
these items.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to accept the lowest bids on
equipment for the new Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Library cards had been checked
and it was found that there are approximately 2200 people who are using the facili-
ties that are not residents of the City of Las Vegas. He requested permission to
write the North Las Vegas City Commission and Board of County Commissioners to re-
quest contribution to the Library. Permission was granted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following appointments be made to the Board of Plumber
Examiners:

James Louden
T.H. McMahon
Ivan Curtis
Les Remy
Les Tabor
Stanley Isom

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy advised the Commission that James Corey's term on the Golf
Board has expired and Mr. Corey does not wish to be reappointed.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Elmer Gates be appointed to the Golf Board for a period
of 5 years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution requesting a hearing by the Public
Service Commission on the Telephone service be adopted, and a copy sent to Governor
Russell:

RESOLUTION

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Warm Air Heating
Code

ORDINANCE NO. 710
Parking Meter Zones

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor

STREET PATCHING

POLICE DEPARTMENT
IMPROVEMENT
Payment to Architect

FIRE DEPARTMENT
Equipment

CITY LIBRARY

BOARD OF PLUMBER
EXAMINERS
Appointments

GOLF BOARD
Appointment

RESOLUTION
Telephone Service
WHEREAS; the Board, of City Commissioners have received, numerous complaint
concerning the adequacy of service of the Southern Nevada Telephone Company and
the failure to furnish service; and

WHEREAS; said Company has heretofore represented that the service would be
improved and persons desiring service would have received the same prior to
this date; and

WHEREAS; at the hearing in September before the Public Service Commission
the Southern Nevada Telephone Company made certain representations as to the pro-
viding of service; which representations have not been accomplished; and

WHEREAS; the Board of Commissioners have requested from said Company that an
epert designated by the Board be allowed to examine the records of said Company to
determine the reasons for failure and/or lack of service and to attempt to deter-
mine the true condition; and said Company has refused to allow an investigation
thereof; and

WHEREAS; the Board of City Commissioners have requested the Public Service Com-
mission to designate a qualified person to investigate and determine the true facts
as far as said Company is concerned; and the Public Service Commission has failed to
make such designation; and

WHEREAS; the deplorable telephone situation now existing is a reflection upon
the City of Las Vegas and the State of Nevada;

NOW; THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED; by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas; at a regular session thereof this l8th day of April, 1956, that the Public Ser-
vice Commission of the State of Nevada be urged and requested to initiate an investi-
gation to determine why the Telephone Company has not met its commitments and to
determine what is being done to correct the deplorable conditions that exist and that
the Public Service Commission set a hearing to investigate the complaints made against
said Telephone Company in accordance with the duties imposed on the Public Service
Commission by law.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be forwarded to the HONORABLE
CHARLES H. RUSSELL, Governor of the State of Nevada.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this l8th day of April, 1956.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried on by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission requested the City Manager to make an investigation of the facilities
of the Clark County Humane Society and see what the City can do to help them.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Whipple moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	_______	

Mayor



City Clerk

HUMANE SOCIETY
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

April 26, 1956

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, on the 26th day
of April, 1956, at the hour of 4:30 M. to consider the following matters:

1	Child Welfare Board

2	Resolution - Meadow Valley Wash Dam Project

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED

WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assistant
City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued
by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart,
on the 26th day of April, 1956, at the hour of 4:30 M. to consider the following matters:

1	Child Welfare Board

2	Resolution - Meadow Valley Wash Dam Project

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager
and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the fore-
going notice of special meeting.

/s/ C. D. BAKER	WENDELL BUNKER

W. W. FOUNTAIN	A. H. KENNEDY

REED WHIPPLE
HARRIS P. SHARP

Las Vegas, Nevada

April 26, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held, this 26th day of April, 1956 was called, to order at the hour of 4.30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

Also present from the Child Welfare Board:

Jack Pursel
Thalia Dondero
Father Carmody
Fern Kozloff
Jean Boman
Annabelle Plunkett

Mayor Baker turned over the meeting to the chairman of the Child Welfare Board,

Jack Pursel.

Mr. Pursel stated that the members of the Board were having difficulty meeting their
obligation since they are members not only of this Board, but of the Juvenile Con-
ference Committee. He explained that both boards required a great deal of time, and
requested that they be relieved of the burden.

Mrs. Boman stated that her telephone rings constantly requesting information, inspec-
tions and locations to place their children. She said that she receives these calls
at more inopportune times and naturally the individual is most concerned,wishing
attention immediately.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy stated that the City intends to put out a procedure schedule
for the applicant to follow which gives the step by step route of an application.

He also recommended that a time limit of approximately 20 days that the application
must be in before operation commences, be adopted.

Mrs. Boman pointed out that the existing places need constant inspection which the
Board is unable to furnish.

Mayor Baker stated that a schedule would be set up and the Commission would amend the
ordinance to fit the needs.

Mrs. Boman suggested that a part time City employee be hired to make the inspections
along with a member of the Welfare Board. She also stated that this individual could
take the applications and process them.

City Manager Kennedy stated that the new Department of Public Information could han-
dle this when it is set up.

Mrs. Boman also suggested that a fee be charged for permits for those who do not pay
a license fee. She also thought that the license fee for the commercial nursery was
too low.

Mr. Kennedy reported that this was being checked by the License Department at the
present time.

Mr. Pursel, indicated that the Child Welfare Board would like to resign, but would
be willing to stay until a new Board has been indoctrinated.

Mrs. Boman further suggested that the inspections of these nurseries along with a
City Employee be turned over to the Service League. She said that they were willing
to take this as a project, but were not interested if the City does not hire someone
to do a portion of the work.

The Commission agreed that the suggestions were good and that the ordinance should be
amended. A meeting of the committee on the proposed amendment to the ordinance with
the Child Welfare Board was scheduled for Tuesday, May 1, 1956 at 4.00 P.M.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 529 PROVIDING RULES AND

REGULATIONS FOR NURSERY AND CHILD CARE FACILITIES WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND
ORDINANCE NO. 503 PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF SAID NURSERIES AND CHILD CARE FA-
CILITIES; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,
was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Sharp for recommenda-
tion.

At this time a resolution on the Meadow Valley Wash dam project was introduced.
Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there have been many damaging floods of varying intensities in Meadow
Valley from 1906 to within the last few years, amounting to a total damage to prop-
erty in Clark and Lincoln Counties during those years of approximately $7,500,000;
and

CHILD WELFARE BOARD

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
CHILD WELFARE

RESOLUTION -
Meadow Valley Wash
WHEREAS, trade and commerce within the City of Las Vegas is affected by such
property damage in that the sale in this trading area of farm products grown in
Lincoln and Clark Counties would be impeded and restricted; and

WHEREAS, traffic and communications to Las Vegas are affected by such floods
due to the damage to highways, bridges, railroad lines, and telephone lines; and

WHEREAS, the United States Congress, by Act approved May 17, 1950 (Public Law
516, 8lst Congress, 2nd Session), authorized the construction, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers,of two
dams in the Meadow Valley Wash drainage area, one in Pine Canyon, and the other in
Mathew Canyon, in Nevada; and

WHEREAS, a total of $132,000.00 has been appropriated to cover planning ex-
penditures through fiscal year 1956; and

WHEREAS, all surveys and plans for construction of Pine and Mathews Dams will
be fully completed by the end of 1956; and

WHEREAS, an addition $2,210,000.00 remains to be appropriated to complete the
project;

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the present session of the Congress be urged
to proceed with securing the necessary appropriations for construction of these
dams and make every effort to speed up completion of all structures concerned there-
with at the earliest date possible.

ADOPTED and APPROVED the 26th day of April, 1956 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	____________________________

Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to came before the Board, Commissioner Bunker moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

May 2, 19%

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 2nd day of May, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 8.00 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	     E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Mgr.	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

At this time Mayor Baker apologized to the audience for the delay in starting the meet-
ing and advised that the Commission had met with members of the Juvenile Conference
Committee concerning juvenile problems in the City. He explained that at the last
session of the legislature the Parental Responsibility Bill introduced was not adopted.

He said, however, representatives of the PTA and other interested organizations are
attempting to take care of the problem and request that this law be passed at the next
session of the legislature. He further explained that the Police Department does have
a Juvenile Division. However, they only take care of the penal cases and at the present
time they have 200 cases on file and only 12 have been processed.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for Air Conditioning for City Hall, bids
were received from the following firms:

Roberts Roof and Floor Co.

Western Heating & Ventilating Co.

Brown & Foust
Desert York Co.

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and the
Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.13 for the Addition to the Jefferson
Avenue Pool Building, bids were received from the following firms:

V & G Construction Co.

Willard Terry
Simpson & Mather
Shelton Mills

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director
of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.ll; for Tennis Courts, bids were re-
ceived from the following firms:

Ideal Asphalt
J. A. Tiberti

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The contract for the installation of a traffic signal at the intersection of 5th and
San Francisco was presented by Mayor Baker. This is a joint contract between the City,
County and State.

Commissioner Bunker moved this contract be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the re-application for a Use Permit by Smith Scott Co. to install
and operate a welding machine etc. on property known as 2204 Industrial Road. This was
approved by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the condition of installation of
off-site improvements.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this use permit.

Jim Kinney, representing Smith Scott Co., appeared and stated that because their lease
had but one more year to run, they felt that the installation of off-site improvements was
 up to the property owner.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the re-application of gmith-

JUVENILE CONFERENCE
COMMITTEE

BID AIR CONDITIONING
FOR CITY HALL

BID NO. 56.13
Jefferson Avenue Pool
Building^ddit ion

BID NO. 56.14

Tennis Courts

TRAFFIC SIGNAL
INSTALLATION
San Francisco & 5th



USE PERMIT -U-26-56
Smith Scott Co.
Scott Company for a Use Permit to operate a welding machine at 2204 Industrial Road; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
re-application subject to the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW; THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the re-application of Smith-Scott
Company for a use permit to operate a welding machine etc. at 2204 Industrial Road be and
the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Howard R. Chase for a use permit to
operate a music school from 8.00 A.M. to 8.00 P.M. Monday through Saturday at 330 South 10th
Street. The Board of Adjustment recommended this application be approved subject to
paving of alley, installation of off-site improvements and provision for five (3) off-
site parking spaces.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a re-
gular meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1936, having considered the application of Dr.

Howard R. Chase for a use permit to operate a music school from 8.00 A.M. to 8.00 P.-M.

Monday through Saturday at 330 South 10th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to paving of alley, installation of off-site improvements and provi-
sion for five (5) off-site parking spaces;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. Howard R.

Chase for a use permit to operate a music school from 8.00 A. M. to 8.00 P.M. Monday
through Saturday at 330 South 10th Street be and the same hereby is approved subject
to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Board considered the application of George, Ed Jr. and Jake Von Tabel for a use per-
mit to convert existing dwellings into a professional office building at l534 and 1538
East Charleston respectively. The Board of Adjustment recommended approval of these
applications subject to the condition of installation of off-site improvements at both
locations.

The Mayor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a re-
gular meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of George,

Ed Jr. and Jake Von Tobel for; use permit to convert existing dwellings into professional
office buildings at l534 and 1538 East Charleston respectively; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving these
applications subject to the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW,THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that these applications of George, Ed. Jr.
and Jake VonTabel for use permit to convert existing dwellings into professional office
buildings at 1534 and 1538 East Charleston respectively be and the same hereby are approved
subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of John Buettner for a Use Permit to have more
play area for children in connection with child nursery at 104, 104½ and 110 Baltimore.

The Board of Adjustment recommended the approval of this application.

The Mayor asked if there ware any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1936, having considered the application of John Buettner
for a use permit to have more play area for children in connection with child nursery at
104, lO4½ and 110 Baltimore; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John Buettner for
Use Permit be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT -U-17-56
Dr. Howard R. Chase



USE PERMIT -U-18-56
U-19-56

George, Ed Jr. & Jake
Von Tobel

USE PERMIT -U-20-56
John Buettner
Consideration was given to the application of Frank & Irene Layne to operate a doctor's
office at 201 South 8th Street. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment
subject to the installation of off-site improvements.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a re-
gular meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of Frank
and Irene Layne for use permit to operate a doctor's office at 201 South 8th; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Frank and Irene
Layne for use permit to operate a doctor's office at 201 South 8th Street subject to
installation of off-site improvements be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent : Commissioner Sharp.

The Board considered the application of Gladys and George White to establish real estate
office at 500 South 4th. This application was denied by the Board of Adjustment on the
basis that sufficient off-street parking cannot be provided.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of Gladys and
George White to establish real estate office at 500 South 4th; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Gladys and George
White for use permit to operate a doctor's office at 201 South 8th Street be and the same
is hereby denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application for use permit of Clark County Sheriff's
Mounted Posse to build a clubhouse on Washington between Bruce & 5th Streets, 5 acres. The
Board of Adjustment recommended this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of Clark County
Sheriff's Mounted Posse for use permit to build a clubhouse on Washington between Bruce and
5th Streets, 5 acres; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Clark County
Sheriff's Mounted Posse for use permit to build a clubhouse on Washington between Bruce
and 5th Streets, 5 acres be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of Dr. John M. Montgomery to operate one professional
at 224 South 8th Street. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject
to the installation of off-site improvements, off-street parking and erection of wall on
north side of property.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be approved and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of Dr. John M.
Montgomery for use permit to operate one professional office at 224 South 8th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. John M.

Montgomery for use permit to operate one professional office at 224 South 8th be and the
same hereby is approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

USE PERMIT -U-22-56
Frank & Irene
Layne

USE PERMIT -U-23-56
Gladys & George
White

USE PERMIT -U-24-56
Clark County Sheriff's
Mounted Posse

USE PERMIT -U-25-56
Dr. John M. Montgomery
The Board considered the application for variance of Frank and Lucille Rogers to construct
an addition to a single family dwelling to within 18 feet of rear lot line at 2001 Santa
Ynez Drive. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application for variance
of Frank and Lucille Rogers to construct an addition to a single family dwelling to with
18 feet of rear lot line at 2001 Santa Ynez Drive; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Frank and Lucille
Rogers for variance to construct an addition to a single family dwelling to within 18 feet
rear lot line at 2001 Santa Ynez Drive, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:. Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Director of Planning, Franklin Bills presented an easement from the Union
Pacific Railroad for street purposes on Highland Drive from Charleston to Bonanza Road
with the width of 80 feet (80'). Mr. Bills stated that the Attorney's office had advised
that in the present form the only use this property could be put was for street purposes
and did not permit the installation of sewer lines etc. He recommended that since his
office had been attempting since 1954 to secure this R/W that the easement be accepted
and negotiations be commenced for the complete right-of-way.

Commissioner Fountain moved this easement be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition to vacate those portions
of l4th and Clark Avenue situate at the SE corner of l4th and Clark and that portion of
an alley situate south of Clark Avenue between l4th and 15th be denied was considered.

Mr. William Coulthard, appearing on behalf of the property owner Mr. Scrimshaw requested
that this matter be deferred until negotiations could be made so that the Planning
Commission might approve this vacation.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition for annexation of the N½
of the SE¼ of Sec. 21, T20S, R61E, and the North 330 feet of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of
Sec. 21, T20S, R61E, MDB&M be approved was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on this petition for annexation be held June
6, 1956 at 7:30 P.M. and the following resolution adopted: SEE END OF MINUTES.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition for vacation of the East
50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, and the East 15 feet of the West
50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M be approved was considered.

Commissioner Fountain moved a public hearing on this petition for vacation be held June
6, 1956 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Board considered the application of O.M. and Melva Snodgrass to convert an existing
dwelling to maintain and operate a day and night child care nursery at 23l4 Fairfield.

It was the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that this application be denied. The
original application had been presented to the Commission on April 4th and held for further
investigation; later the same was withdrawn by the applicant.

Thereafter, Mr. Charles Deaner representing the property owners within the area appeared
and protested the installation of this nursery. There were also twelve property owners
present to object to the approval of this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of O.M. and Melva Snodgrass for a use
permit to install a day and night nursery at 2314 Fairfield be denied and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of O.M. and

Melva Snodgrass to convert existing dwelling to maintain and operate a day and night child

care nursery at 2314 Fairfield; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it	is the decision of the Board that the application of O.M. and Melva

Snodgrass for a use permit	to install a day and	night nursery at 2314 Fairfield be and	the

same hereby is denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

VARIANCE -V-6-56
Frank and Lucille
Rogers

EASEMENT -UPRR
Highland Drive

VACATION
14th & Calrk

ANNEXATION
Sec. 21

VACATION
Sec. 28

USE PERMIT -U-12-56
O. M. & Melva Snodgrass
Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that the contract for street patching
be awarded to Wells Cargo in the total amount of $7,984.00, being the low bidder.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of Director of Public Works Wade,
awarding the street patching contract to Wells Cargo for $7,984.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time George E. Wade, Director of Public Works made a recommendation on bids opened
earlier in this meeting for the installation of air conditioning in specified portions of
City Hall. Mr. Wade stated that it was their recommendation that the lowest bidder, Western
Heating and Ventilating Company be awarded this contract.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and the bid for the
installation of air conditioning be awarded to Western Heating and Ventilating Company
in the total amount of $17,269.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade requested authorization to go to bids on the
following:

Sunrise Park Sanitary Sewer
Jefferson Center Playground	)

Golf Course Parking Lot	)	One contract

Wildcat Lair Parking Lot	)

Sewage Disposal Plant Well
Golf Course Water Lines
Twenty-four trash cans

Commissioner Whipple moved that Director of Public Works Wade be authorized to go to bid
on the foregoing contracts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the improvements in Greater Las Vegas Addition No. 1 be
accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Supervisor of Building and Safety, Art Trelease presented the application of Phil Jordan
to move a house from Funland Park to Twin Lakes Lodge.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for a house moving permit be approved and
building brought up to Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for permits for solicitation of chari-
table funds as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board be approved:

America Legion Auxiliary
Y.M.C.A.

Nevada Sightless Inc.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 13269 through 13754 in the net amount
of $73,576.53 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 6477 to 6622 inclusive
in the total amount of $31,135.93 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of April 18 and 26, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Charles Redican and Ruth Beck for license for
1 Race Horse Keno at New Boulder Club Keno, 118 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Edward Levinson for license for 275 slots, 10
Crap, 12 Blackjack, 4 Roulette, 1 Big Six Wheel, 1 Race Horse Keno at Fremont Hotel, 200
Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.



Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Raymond Salmon for license for 1 slot at
Bonanza, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following voter Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

BID NO. 36.12
Awarded

Street Patching Contract

BID - AIR CONDITIONING
CITY HALL - Awarded

AUTHORIZATION
FOR BIDS

GREATER LAS VEGAS
ADDITION NO. 1
Final Acceptance &

Release of Bond

HOUSE MOVING PERMIT
Phil Jordan

SOLICITATION PERMITS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

 SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

New Boulder Club Keno

New

Fremont Hotel

Additional
Bonanza Bar
Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Fitzsimmons Stores Ltd. for license for 4
slots at Thriftimart Liquor Store and 12 slots at the Thriftimart Market, 2200 W. Bonanza,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of C.R. Millhizer for license for 1 slot at Ed's
Place at 4l6 W. Bonanza be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Marguerite Robinow for a Restaurant Beverage
license for Margo's, 8l4 West Bonanza, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Susie Forsyth for a Restaurant Beverage license
for Susie's Snack Bar, 222 North Main, be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of D.A. Verone for Restaurant Beverage license
at Maria's Italian Kitchen be approved subject to compliance with the Building Code for in-
stallation of an additional restroom.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Edward Levinson for 2 Tavern Liquor and 2
Cabaret Liquor licenses at Fremont Hotel, 200 Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the application of Cobbs-Moore-Bruner for Special Liquor
Permit for May 11, 1956 for Valley View Golf Club at 1320 D Street be held in abeyance
for checking.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Fred Atol and Elias Atol for a Retail Package
liquor license at Charlie's Beer Bar, 1511 South Main, adding the name of Fred Atol, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of James C. Russell and Fitzsimmons Stores Ltd.
for a Retail Package and Wholesale Beverage and Importers license at Thriftimart, 2200
W. Bonanza be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of
cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

SOUTHERN NEVADA MEDICAL GROUP	1245 S. 5th Sutton Vending

HIGGINS MOTEL	1801	S.	5th 	"	"

GREYHOUND POSTHOUSE	112	S.	Main "	"

MARGO'S CAFE	8l4	W.	Bonanza	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At the hour of 8.33 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour of 9.l5
P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed rezoning
ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed Public
Utilities ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE WARM AIR HEATING CODE OF THE CITY OF

LAD VEGAS AS ADOPTED BY ORDINANCE NO. 607, BY PROVIDING FOR PERMITS FOR THE INSTALLATION
OF EVAPORATIVE COOLERS,;

PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, was
read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above Ordinance No. 711 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioners Sharp and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to Child Welfare Board, requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 594 TO REGULATE AND CONTROL THE

POSTING AND MAINTAINING OF OUTSIDE ADVERTISING SIGNS OF MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS, AND LIKE
ESTABLISHMENTS AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, WAS read by title and

Thriftimart

New Location

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Addition of
Partner

CIGARETTE LICENSES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Public Utilities
Licenses

ORDINANCE NO. 711
Warm Air Heating
Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Amendment to Child
Welfare Board

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Motel Rate Posting
Amendment
referred to Commissioners Bunker and Whipple for recommendation.

At this time Mayor Baker presented a letter from Louis Wiener representing the property
owners on South 5th Street who are working on the problem of the curb parking ban. No
discussion was held on the matter, and it was deferred until May 16, 1956.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy requested the Commission to direct the City Clerk to assess
Lots 1 through 8, Block 1 of Biltmore Addition Annex No. 3 in the amount of $l,4l5.79 for
the installation of sidewalks in this area. Mr. Kennedy stated that the City Attorney
had advised that this should be handled in this manner.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Clerk be authorized to notify the owners of Lots 1
through 8, Block 1, Biltmore Addition Annex No. 3 that the assessment for the installation
of sidewalks was in the amount of $l,4l5.79.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission directed the City Manager to meet with the Civil Service Board concerning
a discussion they wish to have on personnel problems.

Art Trelease, Supervisor of Building and Safety gave a report on Charleston Heights Tract
No. known as Cliff May Homes, stating that they have completed the structural defects
in the homes in accordance with the Code. He said they are still working on some things
for the Veterans Administration and for the owners. It was then requested that the stop
order on the occupancy certificates be lifted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Supervisor of
Building and Safety, the stop order on the occupancy certificates for Cliff May Homes,
Charleston Heists Tract No it be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested that a time be set for a meeting with t he Commission con-
cerning policy matters on the issuance of licenses. The meeting was set for Wednesday,

May 9th at 8.00 P.M.

City Manager brought up the prices of the cemetery lots in Woodlawn Cemetery. Mr. Kennedy
explained that some of the lots were priced at $50.00 and are recommended to be sold for
$80.00; some now sell for $65.00 and should be raised to $80.00; others are selling for
$80.00 and should remain at this price. He further recommended the County lots stay at
$25.00 and the baby plots be raised from $15.00 to $25.00. He explained that last year
the total income of the Cemetery was $20,943.46 and the cost of running the department was
$32,813.25. The Commission requested time to think this matter over and discuss at the
next meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved that John Replogle be retained as architect for the new fire
station on East Charleston.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested the City Attorney be authorized to commence condemnation
proceedings against the Union Pacific Railroad Company to obtain the right of way between
A Street and the Union Pacific Railroad.

Mr. Kennedy presented a letter from George W. Allen Jr. and from his doctors requesting that
he be released from the position of Chief of Police because of his health. The City
Manager further requested that George Allen be permitted to assume his old position of
Lieutenant, and that Ray Sheffer be appointed as Acting Chief of Police.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and that
George Allen be relieved of the duties of Chief of Police and a letter sent thanking
him for his fine work; further that he be retained as Lieutenant and that Ray Sheffer be
appointed as Acting Chief of Police.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager requested that Robert Boos be appointed as Administrative Assistant, to
assume the duties when the office space is available.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Robert
Boos be appointed as Administrative Assistant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

George Wade, Director of Public Works reported that the progress of the installation of
requested improvements in Charleston Heights Tract No. 4 was very slow. He indicated that
the Commission had given them thirty days on the 4th of April, and if the work is not com-
pleted shortly that the matter will be turned over to the City Attorney for the necessary
legal action.

Discussion was held on the subdivision map of Ensley Place. The Commission was advised that
when the tentative map was approved that complete off-site improvements were not required.

In this tract it was allowed that roll-type curbs and gutters be installed, street lights nn
the intersection corners, and gravel streets. However, when the final map was approved by
the Planning Commission the complete subdivision requirements were stipulated.

The Commission determined that this matter be discussed at the next meeting of the Commission.

SOUTH 5TH STREET
CURB PARKING BAN-
Report

SIDEWALK ASSESSMENT
Biltmore Addition



CIVIL SERVICE

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 4



LICENSE ISSUANCE
Policy Meeting

CEMETERY LOT FEES

FIRE STATION
ARCHITECT

CONDEMNATION SUIT
R/W

POLICE CHIEF

ADMINISTRATIVE

ASSISTANT

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 4

SUBDIVISION
Ensley Place
City Manager Kennedy reported that the Quarter Midget Racing Association requested permis-
sion to use the water wagon on their race track. The Manager explained that he had
contacted Bruce Trent and was advised that he felt this was a portion of the recreational
program, which provides recreation for children from 4 to 12. The Commission agreed that
this would be alright.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City Attorney commence condemnation proceedings against
the Union Pacific Railroad Co. to obtain R/W between A Street & UPRR.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 677 KNOWN AT THE SOLICITA-

TIONS ORDINANCE BY CLARIFYING A SOLICITATION AND DEFINING CHARITABLE OR WELFARE PURPOSES;

BY PROVIDING EXEMPTIONS FROM THE PROVISIONS OF THE ORDINANCE; PROVIDING STANDARDS FOR THE
GRANTING OF PERMITS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HERE-
WITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, was read by title and
referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

Commissioner Bunker brought up the application of E. E. Kaltenborn for the rezoning of
Paradise Park which has been deferred since January 18, 1956. He stated that it was his
understanding that the other property owner who had made application for another type of
zoning on this property had withdrawn the application.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for rezoning of Lot 1 through 6, Block 1,
Paradise Park, from R-3 to R-4 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Attorney Cannon gave a report on his correspondence with the Public Service Commission
concerning the telephone service in this area. He stated that he had received a letter
from Robert A. Allen advising him that the Public Service Commissioner was going to hold a
hearing on this matter. He further reported that he had written again asking if the Public
Service Commission were going to appoint a private investigator or would allow the City
to employ an engineer to check the record prior to the hearing, but had not received an
answer to his letter as yet. He indicated that the letter from Mr. Allen sounded as though
they would consider whether or not the Telephone Company needed a rate raise.

Mayor Baker requested that Mr. Cannon check on the service offered by TWA from Los Angeles
to Las Vegas. He explained that the service was not very good.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Bunker
moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	Mayor



City Clerk	

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the area hereinafter described in this resolution comes in the logical
jurisdictional boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, and should be annexed to the City of
Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, general plans for the proper development of this area can be worked out
in the public interest with greater regard for the rights and desires of all property owners
in the area on an overall basis rather than on a piece- meal basis which would be required
if only a portion of the area were to be annexed; and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas has recommended
that the hereinafter described area be annexed to the City of Las Vegas in accordance with
the development of a general plan for such area; and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is equipped to provide and/or to assist the property
owners in the provision of certain urban type services which would be difficult for the
County of Clark to provide to an unincorporated area; and

WHEREAS, the majority of the property owners within the described area have indi-
cated written approval of the annexation of this area to the City of Las Vegas, but a small
minority of the property owners are apposed; and

WHEREAS, Chapter 320, Laws of Nevada 1953, provides for the annexation of certain
areas adjacent and contiguous to the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas by holding
a public hearing thereon; and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas deems it in the public interest to call for said
public hearing on the annexation of the hereinafter described property,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 2nd day of May 1956, that the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas declares its intention to annex to the City of Las
Vegas the following described property:

WATER WAGON USE

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Solicitations

REZONING -Z-44-33
E.E. Kaltenborn

TELEPHONE SITUATION

TWA AIR SERVICE
The North half of the SE¼, Sec. 21, and the North 330 feet, SW¼ of the SE¼

Sec. 21, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Engineer be and hereby is ordered to file
a plat in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas showing the area herein-
above described which is to be annexed; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a public hearing on said determination to annex shall
be held at 7.30 P.M. on the 6th day of June, 1956 at the Council Chambers at 5th and
Stewart Streets in the City Hall of the City of Las Vegas and all freeholders of such
territory, sought to be annexed, shall appear in person, or by filing a properly signed
petition with the City Clerk on or before the date named to show cause why said territory
should not be annexed to the City of Las Vegas;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a notice of said hearing shall be published twice
each week for a period of two weeks in a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
and said notice shall be posted in at least three (3) public places in the territory sought
to be annexed and a copy of said notice to be mailed to all known freeholders of the
said territory sought to be annexed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the notice provided herein this Resolution shall be
in substantially the form attached hereto and made a part of this Resolution.

C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

May l4, 1956

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is
hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, on the l4th day of
May, 1956, at the hour of 7/30 M. to consider the following matters;

1.	Woodlawn Cemetery Fees

2.	Easement - Union Pacific Railroad- Highland Drive

3.	Board of Zoning Adjustment - Resignation and appointment of Member
4. Housing Authority - Appointment of member

5.	Municipal Court Bail - Proposed Ordinance

6.	Business License Procedure

/s/ Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners

and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will pleas take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued
by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart,
on the l4th day of May, 1956, at the hour of 7:30 M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Woodlawn Cemetery Fees

2.	Easement - Union Pacific Railroad - Highland Drive

3.	Board of Zoning Adjustment - Resignation and Appointment of member
Housing Authority - Appointment of member

5.	Municipal Court Bail - Proposed Ordinance

6.	Business License Procedure

/s/ City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and
City Attorney, of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing
notice of special meeting.

/s/ C. D. Baker	Wendell Bunker

E. W. Fountain	A. H. Kennedy

Reed Whipple

Harris P. Sharp	Las Vegas, Nevada

May l4, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,held
this litth day of May, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	W.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager 	R. W. Notti
Asst. City Attorney   Ralston O. Hawkins
City Engineer	George E. Wade

Director of Planning Franklin J. Bills
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Discussion was held on the notification to the Liquor and Gaming licensees on the
policy of the Commission concerning "give-aways". City Manager A. H. Kennedy presented
a draft letter which was read to the Commission. The Board approved this letter and
requested that notification be sent to the casino operators.

Mr. Kennedy presented the proposal to increase fees charged at Woodlawn Cemetery. The
proposal was that lots priced at $50.00 be raised to $80.00; lots priced at $65.00 be
increased to $80.00; and lots presently selling for $80.00 remain at this price. He
further proposed that the County lots stay at $25.00, and baby plots be increased from
$15.00 to $25.00

The City Manager advised that with this increase in fees the anticipated income would
bring in approximately 80% of the funds required to operate the Cemetery.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager's recommendation to increase the fees on
lots at Woodlawn Cemetery be approved, to be effective on July 1, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CASINO OPERATORS
"GIVE-AWAYS"



WOODLAWN CEMETERY
Lot Fees
Consideration was again given to the easement from the Union Pacific Railroad for
street purposes on Highland Drive from Charleston to Bonanza Road.

Discussion was held and the City Manager was instructed to write to the President of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company and request that a right-of-way deed for this prop-
erty be presented. The Commission further requested that the UPRR be reminded of their
promise of several years ago at the time their property was rezoned, that this right-
of-way for Highland Drive would be submitted to the City.

Franklin Bills, Director of Planning presented the resignation of J. A. Tiberti from
the Board of Zoning Adjustment. Mr. Bills explained that Mr. Tiberti had been appointed
originally on a temporary basis, and did not feel that he could continue on this Beard
because of the press of personal business and a recent appointment to the Southern
Nevada Planning Co-ordinating Committee, in addition to his service on the City of Las
Vegas Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved the resignation of J. A. Tiberti from the Board of Zoning
Adjustment be accepted and Mr. Tiberti sent a letter of thanks for his very fine service
in this regard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. William Borin, member of the Planning Commission of
the City, be appointed as a member of the Board of Zoning Adjustment to replace the
vacancy created by the resignation of Mr. Tiberti.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Harry Levy be reappointed as a member of the Housing
Authority of the City of Las Vegas for a period of four (4) years from the expiration
of his term on June 6, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston 0. Hawkins presented the matter of the request of George
Rudiak, attorney for A1 Ripps, operator of Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont, that the
trial set in District Court for June 4, 1956 be requested continued until after the Nevada
Supreme Court decision has been rendered in the appeal now before it.

Discussion was held and the Commission instructed the City Attorney's office to go ahead
to prepare for the District Court Trial concerning the condemned building at 106 Fremont,
set for June 4, 1956 and Mr. Rudiak's request denied.

The Commission discussed the citations now being issued by the Police Department and
problem of the fact that the bail schedule's not being indicated on said ticket. The
Commission further discussed the feasibility of enacting an ordinance that would set
these bail fees so that tickets could be printed that would have the schedule printed
thereon to advise the recipient how much and where to post bail.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an
ordinance on bail fees.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and seconded by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

It was requested that Municipal Judge S. George Gilson be notified to meet with the
Commission on May 16, 1956 at 9:00 P.M. to discuss this ordinance.

At this time discussion was held on the proposal for revision of procedure on business
license collections. It was outlined that the following changes be made:

1.	A permanent license and number be issued whether fees are collected annually, semi-
annually or quarterly. The effect of this change is to separate issuance of licenses
and collections of license fees so that it is not necessary to issue a new license each
payment period.

2.	That Post Card billing be adopted. The result of this change is to make collection
of license fees a "billing and collection process" instead of the present method of
collection and issuance of a license each quarter.

3.	That permanent plate licenses be issued for gambling devices, cigarette machines,
coin-operated amusement machines and other applicable machines, regardless of whether
fees are payable annually, semi-annually or quarterly. This would assist inspectors
in checking as to whether fees have been paid and would also permit certain transfers
from one machine to another. It would materially reduce clerical work in typing up
individual licenses each payment period.

That a minimum business license fee of $50.00 per annum be adopted, not refundable
in any case. This should tend to reduce the number of applicants who are in busi-
ness a short period of time and are perhaps not particularly desirable from a
community standpoint.

5. That a Gross Sales Certificate in place of the present Gross volume of Business
Affidavit be adopted. The former will be part of the Post Card Billing. The
License Department will enclose a pre-addressed return envelope in which payment and
executed Certificate may be mailed to the City. This step will eliminate licensees
bringing the certificate to the License office to be sworn to and consequently reduce
the number of people personally contacting the License office.

6. The average annual gross sales by type of industry (i.e. Grocery Store broken into
categories of Chain Stores, Neighborhood Stores and Grocery Wholesalers) be estab-
lished. These figures will be used as a guide for persons filing new applications.

If there should be an overpayment at the end of the period covered in the initial
application, refund will be made, but in no event will the applicant be charged less
than $50.00 for the initial period.



EASEMENT - UPRR
Highland Drive



BOARD OF ZONING
ADJUSTMENT
Resignation of J.A.
Tiberti

Appointment

HOUSING AUTHORITY
Appointment

CONDEMNED BUILDING
Mike's Liquor Store

MUNICIPAL COURT BAIL

BUSINESS LICENSE
PROCEDURE
7.	That 30 days be allowed to pay all license fees before the same is delinquent. We
also suggest mandatory revocation of the license if not paid within 30 days, and a
10% penalty for reinstatement of license.

The Commission requested that an ordinance be prepared and presented to the Board for
consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:



City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

May 16, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 16th day of May, 1956, was called to order at the hour of 8:10 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker	

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Chief of Police	Ray Sheffer

Asst. Fire Chief	C. D. Williams

Sup. Bldg. & Safety	Art Trelease

License Dept.	Sgt. Wayne McDorman

C. H. MacDonald

Finance Dept.	Robert Boos

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the sale of five acres of
City owned land on the corner of Washington and Bruce, bids were received from the follow-
ing organizations:

F. O. Eagles - $2,000 per acre or a total bid of $10,000.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager for investi-
gation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.17 for the well for the
Sewage Plant, bids were received and opened from the following firms:

PHELPS PUMP & SUPPLY	$10,385.00

ALLEN & FAILING	9,879.00

S. R. MCKINNEY & SON	11,500.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director
of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mrs. Helen Herr, representing members of the Boulder Highway Association appeared before
the Commission at this time with an appeal to have the Board assist them in protesting
the State Highway Department's plan for making Boulder Highway a speedway and limited
accesses. Mrs. Herr pointed out that land values had taken a tremendous landslide since
word had been received that this plan was being considered.

The Association further requested that the City assist them in asking the State Highway
Department that one of the two following plans be substituted:

1.	To make a 200 foot wide boulevard, with curbs, along Boulder Highway. This
will cause the area to start developing again. This would make the highway
80 feet wider than Wilshire Blvd, in Los Angeles.

2. Complete the highway the same as the strip area only have the center islands
35 feet wide with turn arounds every 660 feet. The money saved by these
plans could be used to buy other rights of way on each side of Boulder High-
way from one to two miles.

Mr. Max Good, Mr. Judd Lillie, also property owners in this area, appeared and protested
this proposed improvement. They pointed out that a $23,000,000 project is being held
in abeyance until a final determination has been made in this regard.

Mayor Baker stated that the Highway Department had discussed this matter with the Commi-
ssion about a year ago and asked the Board to accept a right of way to San Francisco as
part of the City system.

Thereafter Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Fountain and Sharp to meet with the
Boulder Highway Association, County and Highway Departments to see if some thing could
not be worked out. He further suggested that Planning Director, Franklin Bills be in-
cluded in this group to assist in working out an acceptable plan, and that a report be
made back to the Commission.

Mr. Lee Glenn also stated his protest to the present plan and informed the Commission
that the Association has received a resolution from the Downtown Gambling Club operators
in support of their protest. The Association further stated that the County Commission
had been contacted and they felt assured that support would be forthcoming.

The application of the Union Pacific Railroad Company for rezoning of the NW¼ of the SW¼
of the SE¼ of Sec. 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-3 to M-1; as amended by the Planning
Commission to include the East 200 feet of the NW¼ of Sec. 33 and the South 710 feet of
the East 200 feet, SW¼ of Sec. 28, T20S, R61E, from M-1 to R-4, was considered.

The Planning Commission recommended denial of this application.

SALE OF CITY PROPERTY
Bid Opening

BID NO. 56.17
Sewage Plant Well

BOULDER HIGHWAY

REZONING - Z-6-56
UPRR
Commissioner Sharp moved this application be deferred until June 6, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Jean Burns for the rezoning of Lots 1
through 24, Block 1, Boulder Dam Homesite from R-2 to R-4, as denied by the Planning
Commission.

His Honor asked if there was anyone who wished to speak on this matter. No one appeared.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of A. G. Neumeyer for rezoning of the NE¼ of
the NE¼ of Section 1, T21S, R60E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1 as approved by the Planning
Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and the
NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 1, T21S, R60E, MDB&M be rezoned from R-E to R-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of L. S. Whaley for Home Investment Co. for
the rezoning of a portion of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, from R-1 to
R-2. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this rezoning be approved.

His Honor asked if there were objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and that portion of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M be rezoned
from R-1 to R-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

At this time the application of A. C. Delkin for rezoning Lots 7 to 16, Block 10, Ladd's
Addition from R-3 and R-4 to C-1 was considered. The Planning Commission approved this
application for rezoning.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. Mr. James Ladd appeared and requested
information as to why these lots were being singled out of the block for rezoning.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning be deferred until
June 6, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Ora Lee Snyder for rezoning of Lots 13 to
18 and. the West 50 feet of lot 19, Block 3, Original Las Vegas Townsite from R-1; to C-1.
This application was denied by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections or anyone who wished to speak on this
application. No one appeared.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning of Lot 13 to 18 and the west 50 feet of Lot
19, Block 3, Original Las Vegas Townsite from R-4 to C-1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Orvy Clark for rezoning of the West half
of the N½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 35 T20S, R61E, from. R-1 and R-4 to C-2. This
application was denied by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if anyone wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. William Singleton, appearing on behalf of Mr. Clark, was present and stated that
the property was of little value for residential use. He further stated that Mr. Clark
had presented this property for rezoning on various occasions, and if the Commission
would not permit it to be rezoned as C-2, he and his client would like to know what would
be permissible. Discussion followed, and the Commission suggested that this matter be
referred to the Planning Commission for them to work out an acceptable solution.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning be denied.

Commissioner Sharp then withdrew this motion.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that this application for rezoning be referred back to
the Planning Commission with the recommendation that an acceptable solution be worked
out with the applicant and then re-submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING - Z -9-56
Jena Burns



REZONING - Z-10-56
A. G. Neemeyer



REZONING - Z-ll-56
L. S. Whaley

REZONING - Z-13-56
A. C. Delkin

REZONING - Z-l4-56
Ora Lee Snyder

REZONING - Z-15-56
Orvy Clark
The Commission considered the application of Phil Walker for rezoning of Lot 2 in Block
1 of Jubilee Tract from R-1 to R-3. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was
that this application be denied.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this matter. No one
appeared.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning of Lot 2, Block 1, Jubilee Tract from R-1
to R-3 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Lloyd St. John representing the Twin Lakes
Corp. for rezoning of the East 780 feet of the South 660 feet of the N½ of the SW¼ of
Section 29, T20S, R61E, from R-1 to R-3-T. The recommendation of the Planning Commission
was that this application be denied.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. David Goldwater, representing Mr. St. John appeared and requested approval of this
application. Mr. Goldwater explained that this rezoning had been applied for before and
that there was a definite need for the type of trailer living that Mr. St. John intended
to install. He further explained that this would be the luxury type of trailer court and
would be an added advantage to the property and the surrounding area.

The Commission questioned Planning Director Bills as to whether or not the surrounding
property owners had been notified. Mr. Bills explained that the property owned by the
Twin Lakes Corporation was so expensive that there was little need to notify other owners
but he did feel that those who had objected at the previous meeting should be aware of
this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application be referred back to Planning
Commission with t he recommendation that a new public hearing,be held and all interested
property owners in the area, especially those who previously objected, be notified.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9.15 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9.35 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Planning Commission to rezone that
property on the south side of Vegas Drive between H and J Street which measures 101.61
feet and is shown on Ensley Place Tract as located between Block A and the South line
of Vegas Drive from C-2 to C-1; and Lots 19 to 36, Block A.. Ensley Place Tract #1 from
C-2 to C-1; and Lots 1 to 18 Block A, Ensley Place Tract #1 from R-3-T to R-3.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and the above described property be rezoned from C-2 to C-1 and R-3-T to R-3
as proposed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker declared he had
a slight interest in this property.

The Commission considered the application of Louis Gold for rezoning of Lots 17 through
32, Block 5, Hawkin's Addition from R-4. to C-1. This application was denied by the
Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there was anyone who wished to speak on this matter. No one appeared.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and the application for the rezoning of Lots 17 through 32, Block 5, Howkin's
Addition from R-4 to C-1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of William Singleton for rezoning of Lot 11
through 17, Crestwood Homes Tract from R-4 to C-1. The Planning Commission recommended
this application for rezoning be denied.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present to speak on this matter. Mr. William Singleton,
representing himself and the other owners of the property was present. Mr. Singleton
explained that a Use Permit had been previously granted to the applicants to use two of
each of the triplexes for professional use. He further explained that the reason for
the application for rezoning was that they wished to expand and further that they would
like to have this use more permanent in nature, which would be afforded by the rezoning.

At this time the Commission questioned as to why the provisions of this particular use
permit and others on East Charleston, namely the installation of off-site improvements
as agreed upon by the individual applicants, had not been put into effect. It was ex-
plained to the Commission that the installation of improvements had been deferred until
a cash assessment district could be instigated and the whole project put in at once.

City Engineer George E. Wade advised the Commission that this matter was on the agenda
for this meeting and would be discussed fully at that time.

REZONING - Z-16-56
Phil Walker

REZONING - Z-17-56
Lloyd St. John

REZONING - Z-18-56
Ensley Place Tract

REZONING - Z-19-56

Louis Gold





REZONING - Z-21-56
William Singleton
Thereafter Mr. Singleton withdrew his application for rezoning and advised the
Commission that they would apply for a use permit.

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Bunker and Sharp to check the progress on the
installation of improvements on East Charleston east from 15th Street and report back
to the Commission.

At this time consideration was given to the request of Frank and Lucille Rogers that
the Commission rescind their action of May 2, 1956 approving their application to con-
struct an addition to a single family dwelling to within 18 feet of the rear lot line at
2201 Santa Ynez Drive.

Franklin Bills, Planning Director explained that the applicants had changed their minds
and wished now to install a swimming pool.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the request be granted and the action of the Commission
granting a variance to Frank and Lucille Rogers, known as V-6-56, approved May 2, 1936,
be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George E. Wade, recommended that he be granted permission to negotiate
with the low bidder on Bid No. 36.13 for the addition to the Jefferson Pool Building
and see if the bid cannot be let for a figure more near the estimate of $12,000.00.

Mr. Wade stated that the plans could be revised to take care of this negotiation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer that the plans be re-
vised and all previous bids received be rejected, be approved and the project re-bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George E. Wade requested authorization to negotiate the contract on Bid
No. 56.14 for the installation of new Tennis Courts or revise the plans and request new
bids.

Commissioner Sharp moved the plans for the Tennis Courts be revised and bids be called
again, further, that all bids previously received be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade presented plans for the proposed assessment district to install im-
provements on East Charleston from l5th Street east. Discussion followed and the pro-
posed district was rejected.

A brief discussion was held regarding the West Charleston Boulevard area assessment dis-
trict. It was reported by City Engineer Wade that an informal meeting would be held
with the property owners in the near future and in all probability this would be a par-
tial cash assessment district. Mr. Wade was advised to continue with the plans.

City Engineer George E. Wade reported on the progress of the installation of specific
improvements in Charleston Heights No. 4 as requested by the Commission on April 4, 1936,
namely the correction of water and sewer lines and the street improvement to Red Rock
School. Mr. Wade advised the Commission that the correction of the water and sewer lines
had been accomplished and completed, but there has been no further construction work as
of that date. He requested that the City Attorney be requested to proceed in accordance
with the Commission's action of April 4, 1936.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the City Attorney be instructed to commence pro-
ceedings against the subdivider to complete the installation of improvements in Charleston
Heights Tract No. 4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time discussion was held on the tentative and final maps of Ensley Place Subdivision.
City Engineer George E. Wade advised the Commission that the original tentative map had
been approved in 1954, at which time the off-site improvements presently in effect had
not been adopted. He further advised that at this time the subdividers had been granted
permission to install a limited amount of off-site improvements such as street lights
at the intersections, streets gravelled, etc. He stated that these requirements would
not conform to the City Ordinance No. 628. He reported that the difficulty arose when
the Planning Commission recently approved the final map with the condition that the off-
site improvements in Ordinance No. 628 be complied with.

Mr. L. E. Tyson, engineer for the project was present and suggested that the Commission
allow one of two things insofar as the street improvements are concerned:

1.	Paving with ditch drainage instead of curbs, or

2.	Gravel streets with curbs and gutters.

Mr. Tyson recommended that the paving be done in this subdivision.

The Commission discussed the matter, but took no action.

City Engineer Wade presented the proposal to obtain the water rights of the McNeil Well
in order that the City could apply for .73 second feet of water which is required for use
on the Golf Course. Mr. Wade advised the Commission that this could be accomplished at
an expense of approximately $800.00 to the City, for cleaning certain lots owned by the
owners of the McNeil well.

VARIANCE - V-6-36
Frank Rogers

BID NO. 36.13 -
Jefferson Pool Bldg.
Addition

BID NO. 56.14

Tennis Courts

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

East Charleston Blvd.

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

West Charleston Blvd.
Area

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 4

Progress Report

ENSLEY PLACE
Tentative Map

WATER RIGHTS
McNeil Well
Mr. Wade stated that he was of the opinion that this was the only way this could be
accomplished since the water rights on the McNeil well had never been properly revoked
by the State Engineer and he had been further advised by the State Engineer that the
proper steps had not been taken in previous years to revoke this water right. He said
that he had been advised by the State Engineer that no new rights would be granted for
irrigation purposes in this area.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance to see if a
solution can be worked out.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. George E. Wade, Director of Public Works presented the request of Clark County for
right-of-way through the property owned by the City in Sections 15, 17 in T21S, R61E, MDB3tM.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City grant the County 100 feet and 80 feet instead
of 140 feet as requested down to the quarter line, and 80 feet from thereon; further that
40 feet be granted east of the line of the City property leased by Harrison Stocks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the report from the South 5th Street property owners concern-
ing the parking ban in this area from San Francisco to Oakey Boulevard.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present to speak on this matter. No one appeared,
and no action was taken by the Commission.

Assistant City Attorney, Ralston Hawkins requested that the City authorize the Attorney's
office to release the les pendens on file on the certain portion of Charleston Village
Tract No. 1. He explained that a portion of the property is covered by a bond put up for
off-site improvements by the developers of the new shopping center. He further explained
there would be no difficulty on the suit on the remainder of the property.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Attorney's Office be approved and the
les pendens released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Suzie Forsyth for a Beer license at Susie's
Snack Bar, 222 North Main Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for new gaming licenses for the
second quarter of 1956 be approved:

GREYHOUND POST HOUSE	J. A. Ewing	110 So.	Main	7	slots

HOT DOG SHOW	Floyd A. Davis	520 No.	Main	2	slots

JIM TATUM'S BARBECUE	P. J. & John Buckley	1301 N.	E St.	1	slot

MARGO'S	Kroloff Distributing	       8l4 W. Bonanza	2	slots

Co.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Milton Prell, Lucky Stricke Club, 117
Fremont, for additional license for gaming for 22 slots, second quarter of 1956 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of C. R. Millhizer, Silver Club Cafe, 505½

Jackson, for 4 slots and 1 Craps for the second quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 13758 through l4248 in the net
amount of $66,824.59 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 6623 to 6766 in the
total amount of $95,410.71 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the minutes of May 2, 1956 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLARK COUNTY
TRUCK ROUTE

SOUTH 5TH STREET
Curb Parking Ban

CHARLESTON VILLAGE
TRACT #1

LIQUOR APPLICATION

New 

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New 

Additional
Lucky Stricke Club

Additional
Silver Club Cafe

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES
Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for the recommendation on the proposed
rezoning ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed ordi-
nance to increase the license fees on public utilities, made the following report and
requested that the same be made a part of the record:

"The committee had made a through investigation of the ordinance proposing to raise
license tax on public utilities and at this time wishes to make an interim report.
Investigation discloses that as far as the Power Company is concerned the City is
receiving a preferential rate which amounts to practically the same saving to the
City as an increased license fee to 2% would be. In addition, the Public Service
Commission in connection with the proposed increase in Sparks earlier this year, has
definitely gone on record as establishing a policy that it will permit public utili-
ties to pass an increase such as this, on to the consumer. This committee feels
that the consumer and the citizens of Las Vegas are already paying as much as they
can for utility services and we feel it would be unfair to the people of Las Vegas
to have this rate passed onto them, which it appears no doubt would be done.

'So far as the other two Utilities are concerned, we feel that additional time
should be given so that we can discuss an increase from the present rate to 1%.

We further recommend that a full Board serve as a committee when these two, the
Telephone Company and the Gas Company are called in, individually."

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the Child Welfare Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 594 TO REGULATE AND CON-

TROL THE POSTING AND MAINTAINING OF OUTSIDE ADVERTISING SIGNS OF MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS,
AND LIKE ESTABLISHMENTS; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, having
been reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, was read in full
to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 712 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the Charitable Solicitation Ordinance requested additional time before
reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF LOCKSMITHING AND DEFIN-

ING THE SAME; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF LOCKSMITH LICENSES AND LOCKSMITH PERMITS
THEREFORE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR
THE VIOLATION HEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for
recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO ESTABLISH A SCHEDULE OF BAILS FOR VIOLATION OF

THE TRAFFIC ORDINANCES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RE-
LATED THERETO AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,
was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Don Hankey and LeRoy Hillman dba California
Rent Car, 3338 South 5th Street for license for three U-Drives for the second quarter
of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for permits for Charitable Solici-
tation, as recommended by the Solicitations review Board be approved;

EXECUTIVE SECRETARIES

JUNIOR CHAMBER OF COMMERCE

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Zelvin Lowman be appointed as a member of the Soli-
citations Review Board to fill the vacancy created by the death of Warren Schreiner.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Nelson Clower who owns property at 2312
Mesquite, for permission to connect on the City Sewer. Mr. Kennedy recommended that
since Mr. Clower is willing to pay for and install an 8 inch line in this area, that
the City stand the expense of the man-hole required.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Mr.

Clower granted permission to connect to the City sewer under the conditions stipulated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Public Utilities

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Child Welfare Board



ORDINANCE NO. 712
Motel Rate Posting

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Charitable Solicitation



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Locksmiths

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Municipal Court Bail

U-DRIVE APPLICATION

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS



SOLICITATIONS
REVIEW BOARD
Appointment of Member



SEWER CONNECTION
Nelson Clower
City Manager A. H. Kennedy presented the offer of the Federal Government to allow the
City to file on property located at 13th & Bridger. Mr. Kennedy explained that this is
a parcel of land approximately 45 X 150 feet and even though small could be secured
from the Government at approximately 50% of the fair appraisal market value conditioned
on the fact that the City would agree to continue to use the property as Stipulated in
an agreement, for 20 years. Mr. Kennedy recommended that it could be used for a smaLl
neighborhood park.

The Commission advised the City Manager to continue negotiations for this property.

At this time Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Charles J. Dorfman, the contractor
for the Sewer Outfall, for permission to use 2½ acres of City owned land as a yard in
connection with the construction.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Charles J. Dorfman be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager requested permission to call for bids for additional City trucks. He
explained that there would be certain transfers of existing equipment between Departments
and requested that four pick-up trucks be purchased.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager be approved and that bids be
called for 4 new pickup trucks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Director of Finance Harold A. Laird for ex-
penses of $294.00 to attend the Municipal Finance Officers Association Convention and
the request of City Librarian Reba McKinster to attend the convention of the American
Librarian Association at a cost of $390.00 be approved, and required warrants prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the deed from the City to the Elks Club for approximately
5 acres of land in Section 26, T20S, R61E, which is the former location of the Dog Pound,
and requested its approval.

Commissioner Bunker moved this deed to the B.P.O. Elks be approved and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy presented the tentative map for the new addition to Woodlawn Cemetery
and requested approval of the same.

Commissioner Whipple moved this tentative map be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission requested information from the City Manager as to the status of the
trailers that are located on Westside in violation of City Ordinances. Mr. Kennedy
reported that that the Attorney's office is working on certain revisions to the Or-
dinance and no further action has been taken to remove trailers in violation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Employees Association be thanked for inviting the
Commission to the Pre-Helldorado Barbecue held this date, and that a letter be sent
expressing the Commission's appreciation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the action taken in this meeting to grant the license for it
slot machines and one Crap Table to C. R. Millhizer at the Silver Club Cafe, 505½

Jackson be rescinded pending a report from the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Fountain
moved this meeting recess until May 23, 1956 at 4.00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:		

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk	

FEDERAL LAND

SEWER OUTFALL
Contractors Use of
City Land

PURCHASE OF PICKUP
TRUCKS

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Finance
Library

DEED FOR CITY LAND
B. P. O. Elks

WOODLAWN CEMETERY
Tentative Map

TRAILER VIOLATIONS

EMPLOYEES ASSN.
Steak-Frv

GAMING APPLICATION 
Silver Club Cafe
Las Vegas, Nevada
May 23, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 23rd day of May, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 3.10 P.M.
by his Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert Boos

Director Public

Information	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Chief of Police	Ray Sheffer

License	Sgt. Wayne McDorman

C. H. MacDonald

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Mr. Don Ashworth, speaking on behalf of the applicants for the new Silver Palace at 32
Fremont, stated that even though they had originally applied for 187 slot machines they
would like to change the application in this regard to 160 machines since they would not
have room for anymore at the present time.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Spinning Wheel Corporation for a
gaming license at the Silver Palace at 32 Fremont for 160 slots, 3 craps, 5 "21", 1
Race Horse Keno and 1 Roulette for the second quarter of 1936 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Sharp. -

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Alfred J. Quodback for license for two
taverns at the Silver Palace, 32 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of James M. Biller, Bagdad Coffee Shop,

2211 South 3th Street for license for a Restaurant Beverage license be approved, as re-
commended by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Fremont Hotel, 200 Fremont, by Edward
Levinson for license for 19 additional slot machines for the second quarter of 1956 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Nathan Young for a Beer and Wine license at
the Little Village, 905 North 3th Street be deferred until June 6, 1936.

Motion seconded by Commissioner "hippie and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Sharp.

Mayor Baker presented the renewal of the contract with the Federal Government for care of
prisoners at the City Jail. His Honor reported that an increase of $2.00 per prisoner per
day had been received in this contract.

Commissioner Bunker moved this contract be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer George E. Wade presented the proposed plans for two new fire stations to be
located at 28th & E. Charleston and Decatur & West Charleston, and recommended approval.

Commissioners Bunker moved these preliminary plans be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that
all curb parking on Fremont Street from Main to 5th Streets be removed from 9.00 A.M. to
9.00 P. M.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred back to the Traffic and Parking Commission
to hold a public hearing, and that property owners and tenants be notified in writing of
the time and place for said hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

GAMING APPLICATION
New

Silver Palace

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

Silver Palace

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

CARE OF FEDERAL
PRISONERS

FIRE STATIONS
Preliminary Plans

FREMONT STREET
Parking Ban

 
An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DEALING WITH LICENSING FOR

THE PURPOSES OF REGULATION AND REVENUE OF EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS TRANSACTED OR
CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, STATE OF NEVADA; FIXING
THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX AND REGULATION; PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF LICENSE FEES;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH,
was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

The Commission requested that the Telephone Company be requested to meet with the Board
on June 6, 1956 at 9.30 P.M. concerning the proposed increase in license fees.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain requested additional time before reporting on this
proposed ordinance.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance reported favorably with the following amendments:

1.	That tavern licenses be limited to one for each 1250 population except that
hotels of 100 rooms or more or major gambling establishments would be included
within the limitation of the issuance of licenses.

2.	That a major gambling establishment be defined as one having ten or more
gambling devices exclusive of slot machines.

3.	That the issuance of importers licenses be limited to allow the issuance on
the basis of one such license for each 25 retail licenses.

4. That in Shopping Centers, Grocery Stores and Drug Stores Package Liquor licenses,
no sales shall be permitted in quantities of less than one pint.

The ordinance was then read in full to the Board, entitled: AN ORDINANCE AMENDING ORDINANCE
NO. 688 DEALING WITH THE SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS BY ADDING A NEW SECTION THERETO, BY
LIMITING IMPORTERS LICENSES; PROVIDING FEES THEREFOR; LIMITING TYPES OF SALE IN GROCERY,
POPPING CENTERS AND DRUG STORES; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Ordinance No. 714 be adopted as amended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Planning Director Franklin J. Bills arrived.

Planning Director Franklin Bills reported that the proposed rezoning ordinance had been
checked and corrected where necessary.

Thereafter an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378,

REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY AMENDING
THE LAND USE FLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONE DESIGNATION
OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, having been reported on favorably as amended and correc-
ted was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 713 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Child Welfare Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Charitable Solicitations Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
on Locksmiths requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
setting up bail fees in Municipal Court reported there was no immediate need for the ordi-
nance, and requested that this ordinance be removed from the agenda.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to spend an additional $1300.00 to install pipe
for the Fire Alarm System in connection with the Telephone Company lines being installed.

Mr. Kennedy explained that this portion of the project was in the vicinity of Park Paseo,
Maryland Parkway and San Francisco.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the City Manager be accepted and this amount
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Bunker moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Business Licenses

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Public Utilities

ORDINANCE NO. 714
Liquor Amendment

ORDINANCE NO. 713
Rezoning

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Child Welfare Board

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Charitable

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Locksmiths

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Municipal Court Bail
Unfavorable Report

FIRE ALARM SYSTEM
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

May 31, 1956

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby
called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 31st day of May, 1956, at
the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Police Department Addition - Final Plans

2.	Sewer Plant - Final Plans

3.	Rehabilitation Farm - Final Plans

4.	Service & Material Warrant No. 6886 - $675.00

3.	Permission to go to bid on certain projects

6.	Request for reduction of solicitor's license fee.

7.	City Manager's Reports

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE,

Commissioners and A. H. Kennedy, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assistant City Manager,
and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor
Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will
be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 3th and Stewart, on the 31st day of May, 1956,
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Police Department Addition - Final Plans

2.	Sewer Plant - Final Plans

3.	Rehabilitation Farm - Final Plans

4.	Service & Material Warrant No. 6886 - $675.00

5.	Permission to go to bid on certain projects.

6.	Request for reduction of solicitor's license fee.

7.	City Manager's Reports

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/ C. D. BAKER	HOWARD W. CANNON

REED WHIPPLE	E. W. FOUNTAIN

HARRIS P. SHARP	A. H. KENNEDY

WENDELL BUNKER	ROBERT F. BOOS

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 31, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 31st day of May, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7.40 P.M. by Mayor Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Administrative

Assistant	Robert Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 6886 in the total
amount of $675.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the plans for the proposed sewer plant as prepared
by Headman, Ferguson and Carolla. Discussion followed.

Mayor Baker advised the Commission that Wally White, Nevada State Sanitary Engineer had
complimented the City Manager, City Engineer and Consulting Engineer on these plans, and
requested that this comment be made a part of the record.

Commissioner moved the proposed final plans for the new sewage disposal plant be approved
as presented.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Whipple moved that bids for the construction of the proposed new sewage dis-
posal plant be opened on July 10, 1956, and authorization be granted to advertise for said
bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANT

NEW SEWER PLANT
Final Plans



CONSTRUCTION BIDS
City Manager Kennedy reported that the easement granted the Southern Nevada Power Company
on February 6, 1956 by the City for the installation of power lines in the vicinity of the
City Barns has been relocated so that the present line can be installed as agreed with
the Union Pacific Railroad. Mr. Kennedy indicated this was merely a report and no further
action was required by the Commission.

The City Manager advised the Commission that in the matter of the bid of the F. O. Eagles
Lodge for five acres of land located generally in the vicinity of Washington and Bruce
Streets which had been referred to him on May 16, 1956, he was ready to report out at this
time. He stated that Commissioners Fountain and Sharp had met along with the City Manager
and Director of Public Works with representatives of the Eagles Lodge. He further re-
ported that the Lodge was willing to accept the following stipulations in the event the
City sold them this property.

1. That the bid of $2,000 per acres or a total of $10,000 would be in cash.

2. That the F. O. Eagles would dedicate 50 feet of this property back to the
City for right-of-way on Washington.

3.	The F. O. Eagles would pay the $100.00 appraisal fee required on this proposed
sale.

4.	The Eagles would develop the property for themselves in conjunction with Lodge
work, but in the event they should have to sell the property, they would grant
the City the first right of refusal.

5. That since the City itself is obtaining this land along with additional property,
under contract at the present time, the Eagles would be willing to wait for clear
title to the land.

6.	They would agree to an assessment district for the improvement of Bruce and
Washington.

Mr. Kennedy then reported that it was the recommendation that this property described as
"A certain tract or parcel of land, laying and being situate in the County of Clark,

State of Nevada and being a portion of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of the Northwest
Quarter (NW¼) of Section 26, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M.", be sold to
the F. O. Eagles as bid on May 16, 1956.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that in view of the fact that an appraisal of this
land has been made by a competent appraiser, and the bid of the F. 0. Eagles Lodge is in
line with this appraisal and for a worthwhile cause, that said bid be accepted subject
to the aforementioned conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Harry Hayden Whitely, Architect for the proposed Rehabilitation Farm for the City,
was present with the proposed final plans for this project.

Mr. Whitely apologized to the Commission for the delay in presentation of said plans
and those for the Police Department Addition, and stated that he took full blame by
reason of the fact that he attempted to please too many individuals instead of listening
to Chief Ray Sheffer and George Allen of the Police Department, the Director of Public
Works and the City Manager.

His Honor reminded Mr. Whitely that in accordance with the bond issue voted upon by the
citizens last May, 1955, there was only a specific amount set aside for this project and
there were no further funds that could be appropriated.

Commissioner Bunker advised the Commission that the Architect's estimate on the Rehabili-
tation Farm was $55,398.00 and $219,000.00 on the addition to the Police Station. He
further reminded the Commission that the total appropriation for both projects was $275,000,
and advised that the above estimate did not include the Architect's fees, nor the fence
around the farm which was estimated at $15,000.00.

Thereafter consideration discussion followed and Mr. Whitely was advised to revise the
Rehabilitation Farm plans in the following manner:

1.	Oil heat should replace butane gas.

2.	Gas cooking and hot water facilities maintained.

3.	Delete security windows.

4.	Delete down spouts.

5.	Change the lights from fluorescent to ordinary lighting.

6.	Eliminate certain petitions.

The Commission further requested that these revisions be made as soon as possible and the
plans submitted to the Director of Public Works for checking and resubmission to the
Commission.

At this time Mr. Boos left the meeting.

The Commission considered the final plans for the addition to the Police Station as sub-
mitted by Architect Harry H. Whitely.

Certain revisions were requested and Mr. Whitely was advised to submit the revised final
plans in time for the matter to be placed on the agenda for the June 6, 19% meeting.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of B. Bernard Sommers of Bernard of Hollywood
for reduction of the Solicitors License fee to permit solicitation from house to house to
secure orders for photographs.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Manager for handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHERN NEVADA POWER
COMPANY

Easement - City Barn

SALE OF CITY LAND
F. O. Eagles

REHABILITATION FARM
Final Plans

POLICE STATION ADDITION
Final Plans



SOLICITORS LICENSE FEE
REDUCTION

Itinerant Photographer
The City Manager reported that the bids for the construction of weil on the site of the
proposed new sewage disposal plant, known as Bid No. 56.17 had been checked, and he would
like to recommend that the low bid of Allen and Failing in the total amount of $9,879.00
be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted, and Bid No.

56.18 be awarded to Allen and Failing; further that no notice to proceed be given until the
permit for the well has been received from the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker, along with Commissioner Sharp, members of the committee f or investi-
gation and recommendation on the proposed assessment district for the installation of street
improvements and access streets along East Charleston Boulevard from the intersection of
l5th Street to the intersection of Fremont and Charleston, stated that he would like to
give a preliminary report at this time. Mr. Bunker reported that it was the recommendation
of the committee that this work be done under assessment instead of allowing the indivi-
duals who had applied for use permits in the area to have the work down themselves. Mr.
Bunker stated that the latter method would result in a piece-meal job that would be of
little value.

He further reminded the Commission that the Assessment District method of installing these
improvements had been approved by the Commission on March 7th of this year and at that time
the Engineering Department had been requested to proceed with the plans for said project.

He indicated that these plans were ready and the City Attorney could now start the proceed-
ings for commencement of the District. He reported further that a great portion of these
assessments would probably be paid in cash.

It was the consensus of the Commission that curbing on East Charleston from 15th to the
intersection with Fremont be installed whether or not a complete access street program can
be acquired. It was also requested that mercury-vapor lighting behind the curbs be installed

The Commission authorized the City Attorney to prepare the necessary steps for this Assess-
ment District to be presented at the next meeting of the Commission on June 6, 1956.

A. H. Kennedy requested approval to spend approximately $100,000 on the following items:

1.	$ 1,500	Recreation

2.	13,000	City Hall remodeling

3.	4,910	Finance Department

4.	225	Planning Department

5.	5,000	Police Department

6.	5,000	Fire Department

7.	13,500	Public Works

8.	32,000	On Government Suit on Sewer Plant. Mr. Kennedy recommended this

money be placed in trust pending the furnishing of clear title
by the Federal Government.

9.	10,000	Golf Course Water System

10.	23,000	For the improvement of	Decatur Blvd, from Charleston to Vegas

Drive Intersection.

11.	12,000	Improvement of Charleston Boulevard from Compbell Drive to Hyde

Park to install other lane of traffic.

The Commission authorized the City Manager to make these expenditures.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

 City Clerk	

BID NO. 56.17
Sewer Plant Well
Awarded

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

E. Charleston Blvd.
Committee Report

PROPOSED EXPENDITURES
Las Vegas, Nevada

June 6, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 6th day of June, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7.30 P.M. by Mayor Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Administrative Asst.	Robert Boos

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Director of Planning	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the proposed annexation of
that area generally described as that property bounded on the east by H Street, on the West
by Highland Drive, on the north by Vegas Heights Subdivision and on the South by Highland
Square Subdivision, more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

N½ of the SE¼ of Section 21, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, and the North 330 feet of the SW¼
of the SE¼ of Section 21, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

His Honor announced that the recommendation from the Planning Commission approving this
annexation had been received by the Board on May 2, 1956 at which time this hearing was
set.

His Honor then asked if there was anyone present who wished to protest this proposed
annexation. No objection was voiced nor placed on file.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the annexation of the above described property
be approved and the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF LAS

VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE
LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED
THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY
TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA;
AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to
Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

At this time City Engineer George E. Wade presented the final plans for the addition to
the City Jail and Police Department that had been revised to conform with the request of the
Commission on May 31; 1956 and recommended the same be approved. He reported the estimated
cost was $l40,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the final plans for the addition to the City Jail
and Police Department be approved as recommended by the City Engineer, and that authori-
zation be granted to call for bids for the construction to be opened on July 10, 1936.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade presented the revised final plans for the Rehabilitation Farm estimated
to cost $33,000 and reported that all changes as requested by the Commission had been made.
Mr. Wade recommended that these plans be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final plans for the Rehabilitation Farm be approved and that
construction bids be called to be opened July 10, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer presented the final map of Crestview Estates Subdivision and recommended
this map be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and the final
map of Crestview Estates Subdivision be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

It was the recommendation of the City Engineer that the improvements in Twin Lakes Village
Tract No. 5 be accepted and the bond for said improvements posted by the subdivider released.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Engineer be approved and the improvements
on Twin Lakes Village Tract No. 5 accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer reported that the installation of improvements in Assessment District No.
200-17, Westside sewer district, were approximately 80% complete, and recommended the
request of the Contractor, Espy Brothers, for payment in the amount of $15,818.13 be
approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Espy Brothers for partial payment on Assess-
ment District No. 200-17 in the total amount of $15,818.13 be approved and the warrant

issued.

ANNEXATION

Section 21, T20S,R6lE

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Annexation

POLICE DEPARTMENT
Addition - Jail
Final Plans
Bids Authorized

REHABILITATION FARM
Final Plans
Bids Authorized

CRESTVIEW ESTATES
Final Map
Approved

TWIN LAKES NO. 5
Bond Released
Final Acceptance

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-17
Partial Payment
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Engineer presented the final replat of Charleston Heights Tract No.

5-A and recommended its approval.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this final replat of Charleston Heights No. 5-A
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Director of Planning Franklin Bills presented the applications of George L. and Gloria
Abrums for a use permit to convert an existing duplex into a professional office at
1626-28 E. Charleston (Lot 3; Block 1, Charleston Square #4) and another application to
convert a duplex dwelling into a professional office at 1630-32 E. Charleston (Lot 4,

Block 1, Charleston Square #4.) Mr. Bills reported that both applications for use permit
had been approved by the Planning Commission subject to the installation of off-site im-
provements, and were in an R-4 zone.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved both of these use permit applications be approved
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on the 6th day of June, 1956, having considered the application of George and
Gloria Abrums for use permit to convert existing duplex dwellings into professional office
buildings at 1626-28 and 1630-32 East Charleston respective-subject to the installation of
off-site improvements; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving these
applications subject to the installation of off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that these applications of George and
Gloria Abrums for use permit to convert existing duplex dwellings into professional office
buildings at 1626-28 and 1630-32 East Charleston respectively be and the same are hereby
approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of the City to construct a fire station at the Northeast corner of East
Charleston and 28th Street was considered at this time. The Planning Commission recommended
this use permit be approved.

His Ho nor asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this use permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 6th day of June, 1956, having considered the application of the City of
Las Vegas for use permit to construct a fire station at the northeast corner of East
Charleston and 28th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of the City of
Las Vegas for use permit to construct a fire station at the Northeast comer of East
Charleston and 28th Street be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Planning Commission recommended the application of the City of Las Vegas for a use
permit to allow Charles Dorfman, contractor for the City's Outfall Sewer, to use a portion
of City property at 35th and Charleston for a construction yard until February 28, 1957,
be approved. Mr. Bills indicated that this would entail approximately 1.93 acres of land,
and approval of this request had previously been granted by the Commission on May 16, 1956.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for sue permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on the 6th day of June, 1956, having considered the application of the City of Las
Vegas for a use permit to allow Charles Dorfman, contractor for the City's Outfall Sewer,
to use a portion of City property at 35th and Charleston for a construction yard until
February 28, 1957; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of the City of Las
Vegas for use permit to allow Charles Dorfman, contractor of the City's Outfall Sewer, to
use a portion of City Property at 35th and Charleston for a construction yard until
February 28, 1957 be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS

NO. 5A

Approval of Final Replat

USE PERMITS - U-27-56
George Abrums U-28-56

USE PERMIT - U-29-56
City of Las Vegas
Fire Station

USE PERMIT - U-30-56
City of Las Vegas
Dorfman Construction
Yard
Consideration was again given to the application of A. C. Delkin for rezoning of Lots 7
through 16, Block 10 of Ladd's Addition from R-3 and R-4 to C-1. This application had
been approved by the Planning Commission because it is bounded by commercially zoned
property on three sides and forms a wedge of multiple residential zoning projecting into
an otherwise commercially zoned area. The City Engineer reported that all improvements with
the exception of sidewalks and street lights were installed in this vicinity.

Mr. Calvin Liles was present and advised the Commission that the improvements that are
missing will be installed.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the rezoning of Lots 7 through 16, Block 10, Ladd's
Addition from R-3 and R-4 to C-1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and Carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Lloyd St. John for a Beer License at
Twin Lakes Lodge, Tonopah Highway be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of W. J. Moore Jr. for conversion of cocktail
lounge liquor license into one additional tavern at the El Cortez Hotel, 612 Fremont,
making a total of two taverns at this location be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Nathan Young for A Restaurant Beverage
liquor license at the Little Village, 903 North 5th Street, being a new application,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of William V. Wright, Las Vegas Press Club
for a Club Liquor license at 200 Fremont in the Fremont Hotel, 2nd story, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Norman Cornwall, attorney for the Thriftimart, in their application for a Package
Liquor and a Wholesale Liquor and Importers Beverage License for the Thriftimart, 900
Tonopah Highway, appeared and requested information as to why the applications were not
on the agenda.

The Commission advised Mr. Cornwall that since proper arrangements had not been made
to present the application to them at this meeting, that consideration would be given
to the applications at the license meeting on June 27, 1956.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 14249 through 14779 in the net
amount of $73,581.40 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried By the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 6767 to 6883 to 6916
inclusive in the total amount of $220,475.63 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried By the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of May 14,16,23,31, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for additional gaming
for the second quarter of 1956 be approved.

FREMONT HOTEL	Ed Levinson	200 Fremont	2 Pan

SILVER CLUB CAFE	C. R. Millhizer	505½ Jackson	1 Craps

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition of property
owners, and the recommendation of the Planning Commission for a 13 foot portion of J
Street from Harrison to Owens, (West 13 feet of the East 50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼
of Section 28, T20S, R61E and the East 13 feet of the West 50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼
of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.).

His Honor asked for objections, if any. No one present objected, and there were no
protests filed with the Clerk.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Planning
Commission, this vacation of a portion of J Street be approved and the following order adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A petition, dated the 4th day of April, 1956, signed by six (6) freeholders re-
siding in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning
for the vacation of a portion of J Street, hereinafter described, and said Petition having

REZONING - Z-13-56
A. C. Delkin
Ladd's Addition

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Additional



New



PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation of a Portion
of J Street
been by Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
for its recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its re-
port, dated April 27th, 1956, with the Board recommending the approval of said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 24th day of May,
1956, set the 6th day of June, 1956, at the hour of 7:30 O'clock P.M. at the Commissioners'
Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the City Hall, located at the Northwest corner of
Fifth and Steward Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and
place for the public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk
to cause the aforesaid strip of land proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice
setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed
vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Donald H. Brockley, filed with the Clerk of
this Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which is attached to said
affidavit, was posted on the 4th day of May, 1956, in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the tine fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the
recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having hear evidence in
support of and there being no opposition to said Petition;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor C. D. Baker and Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp and Whipple, constituting all members of said Board, and all members
voting in favor of said vacation, that the strip of land proposed to be vacated is no longer
required for the public use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit
of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially
injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following portion of J Street as shown upon the records
in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and being more particularly
described as follows, to-wit:

The East 15 feet of the West 50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Harrison and Van Buren.

The East 15 feet of the West 50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Van Buren and Jackson.

The East 15 feet of the West 50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Jackson and Monroe.

The East 15 feet of the West 50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Monroe and Madison.

The East 15 feet of the West 50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Madison and Adams.

The East 15 feet of the West 50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Adams and Washington,

The West 15 feet of the East 50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Harrison and Van Buren,

The West 15 feet of the East 50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Van Buren and Jackson,

The West 15 feet of the East 50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Jackson and Monroe,

The West 15 feet of the East 50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Monroe and Madison,

The West 15 feet of the East 50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Madison and Jefferson,

The West 15 feet of the East 50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Jefferson and Adams,

The West 15 feet of the East 50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M between Adams and Washington, be and the same are hereby vacated.

APPROVED:

Dated this 6th day of June, 1956

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

(SEAL)

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLIN3ER, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker declared he had
a small interest in this property and therefore was not voting.
This being the time set for the opening of bids for the paving of
Charleston Boulevard from Hyde Park to Westleigh Tract No. 5 by install-
ing installing another land of traffic and the improvement of Decatur
Boulevard from Charleston to Vegas Drive, bids were received from the
following firms:

Wells & Stewart	$29,873.10

Ideal Asphalt	47,130.59

Whiting Bros.	54,923.20

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Direc-
tor of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation back to the
Commission at this meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

This also being the time set for the opening of bids for the instal-
lation of a Traffic Signal System of South 5th Street and San Francisco,
bids were received from the following firms:

Nevada Electric	$63,333.20

Galland Electric	52,711.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Direc-
tor of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation back to the
Commission at this meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker asked the Committee for report on the proposed ordinance
concerning the raise in license fees for the public utilities companies.

Commissioner Bunker, member of this committee stated that they had
held several meetings on this ordinance and would like to report as
follows:

It is the recommendation of the committee that the Public Utilities
Ordinance be amended so that all Public Utilities in the City will
be paying an equal amount, that is 1% on the gross receipts, and that
if there is anyone who would like to be heard on this matter, the
Board would like to hear them at this time. Commissioner Bunker
further reported that the committee had contacted the Nevada Southern
Gas Company and the increase from 3/4 of 1% to 1% was agreeable to
them, and they had indicated they would not pass this increase on
to the consumer.

Thereafter Mr. Leo McNamee, representing the Southern Nevada Telephone
Company was present and voiced objection to this proposed increase.

He stated that they felt the increase was especially unfair to those
customers of the Telephone Company who live outside the City limits.

Commissioner Bunker asked the City Attorney to speak on the legality
of the Ordinance as proposed.

City Attorney Howard Cannon stated that the Ordinance as proposed
could not prohibit a Utility Company from passing the increase on to
the consumer. He stated further, however, that he believed the Or-
dinance itself will withstand any legal tests as to its validity in
connection with the increase of rates in the license fee.

Thereafter the committee reported favorably on this Ordinance which
proposes to increase the Telephone and Gas Companies from 3/4 of 1%
to 1%, and an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1

OF ORDINANCE NO. 390 PROVIDING FOR A LICENSE TAX FOR PUBLIC UTILITIES;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 716 be
adopted as read.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. R. Guild Gray, Superintendent of Clark County School District,
appeared before the Commission at this time. Mr. Gray explained that
in the proposed school expansion there were plans for conversion of
several of the existing schools into Junior High Schools. He further
explained that according to school requirements in order to qualify
as accredited Junior High Schools that there must be a minimum of
twenty acres. He then went on to report that in several instances
the City has joined with the schools in providing parks adjoining
the schools or in assisting the schools in preparation of school play-
grounds.

BID NO.56.26
Paving

Charleston & Decatur
Opening

BID NO. 56.18
Traffic Signals
5th & San Francisco
Opening

ORDINANCE NO. 716
Public Utilities

SCHOOL SITES


He presented a Map of the Las Vegas area designating the division of school areas and
explained to the Commission where it was proposed to establish Junior High Schools.

Discussion was held with Mr. Gray and it was determined that whenever and wherever possible
the City would work with the Schools to assist in a program of mutual benefit.

At this time City Attorney Cannon left the meeting.

Thereafter Mayor Baker appointed Commissioner Bunker to meet with Mr. Gray and representatives
of the School; along with the City Manager, Director of Public Works and Recreation
Director to see what could be outlined in this proposed project. This committee tentatively
set June 11, 1936 at 2:00 P.M. as the meeting time.

Mr. Roger Foley representing Albert and David Mengarelli in their request to transfer the
tavern liquor license of the Log Cabin Bar from 122 North 1st Street to 2301½ South 5th
Street, appeared at this time. Mr. Foley indicated and vouched for the operation of these
licensees and requested approval by the Commission.

The Commission advised Mr. Foley and Messrs. Mengarelli that they felt that there was too
great a concentration of liquor licenses, including both package liquor and tavern liquor
licenses in this area At the present time.

Thereafter the Commission advised the applicants that their license for the Log Cabin Bar
at 122 North 1st Street would remain suspended until the license meeting of the Commission
on June 27, 1956.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney for military leave
commencing June 9, 1956 for fifteen days be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Ralston O. Hawkins, Assistant City Attorney be granted
permission and expenses to attend the Civil Aeronautics Board Hearing on additional air
service into Las Vegas, to be held in San Jose, June 11, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of
cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

CHEVRON MOTEL & GAS STA.	1328 South 3th	Floyd F. Johnson

RICHFIELD TRUCK TERMINAL	629 South Main	Davis Brothers

EL SOMBRERO CAFE	807 South Main	C. J. Griego

FREMONT HOTEL	200 Fremont	Sutton Vending

MONTMARTRE MOTEL	920 W. Bonanza	Sutton Vending

PARDEE PHILLIPS	2303 S. 13th	Sutton Vending

RITZ VEGAS MOTEL	1424 S. 5th	Sutton Vending

SILVER PALACE	1st & Fremont	Sutton Vending

RICHFIELD GAS STATION	E. Street	Julius Marron

U. S. MOTEL	2300 Fremont	Cecil E. & Tillie

VEGAS VILLAGE NEWS & CAMERA	J. Atwell

CENTER	1301 North 3th	Warren L. Rollins

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Glenn Bodell to add the names of Margaret Neff
and Robert Antonini to his detective license known as Nevada Detective Service, 210 South
4th Street, be approved as recommended by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that John Replogle be reappointed as a member of the Board of
Zoning Adjustment for a period of 3 years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Robert Brown, whose term on the Warm Air Heating Code Board
expires June 30, 1956, be reappointed for a term of 2 years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the resignation of Dr. C. W. Woodbury from the Las Vegas Golf Board, effective
immediately, was considered.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Dr. Woodbury's resignation from the Las Vegas Golf Board
be accepted and that a letter be sent him in appreciation of his service on this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that the plans and specifications for the proposed
Assessment District No. 100-35, for the installation of improvements on East Charleston
Boulevard had been filed with the City Clerk and recommended that the Board proceed with
the District.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has been and still
is without adequate curbs, gutters and street paving; and



LIQUOR LICENSE
Transfer Request
Log Cabin Bar

MILITARY LEAVE
City Attorney



CAB HEARING
Attendance of
Attorney

CIGARETTE

APPLICATIONS

DETECTIVE LICENSE
Addn partners

BOARD OF ADJUSTMENT
Reappointment of
member

WARM AIR HEATING CODE
Reappointment of Member

LAS VEGAS GOLF BOARD
Resignation



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-33

East Charleston Blvd.
Improvement
WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following street be improved
by curbing, guttering and paving the same;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day of June, 1956, that the City
Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats,
diagrams, plans of the work, the locality to be improved, together with the estimates of
cost for the installation of curbs, gutters, and paving on the following streets and parts
of streets:

East Charleston Boulevard from the westerly line of Fifteenth Street
to the Westerly line of Fremont Avenue.

Adopted and approved this 6th day of June, 1956.

Mayor

 

ATTEST:

City Clerk

A. D. 100-35

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption on the following resolution for the
installation of paving improvements in the West Charleston Boulevard Area to be known as
Assessment District No. 100-32:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has been and
still is without adequate drainage and street paving; and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following street be improved by
draining and paving the same;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day of June, 1956, that the City Engineer be
and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the City Clerk plats, diagrams, plans of
work, the locality to be improved, together with estimates of cost for the installation of
a two-inch (2") thich oil bound road mix pavement on an eight inch (8") Type I gravel base
with shallow V-type ditches for drainage; total width of pavement to be 26', except on one
portion of Alta Drive where construction will conform to existing improvements, upon the
following streets and parts of streets:

(1)	The east one-half (E½) of Campbell Drive north from the north right of way
line of Charleston Blvd., to the center line of Alta Drive, a distance of
2610.76 feet;

(2)	The south one-half (S½) of Alta Drive east from the center line of Campbell
Drive to existing pavement, a distance of 1000 feet;

(3) The north one-half (N½) of Alta Drive west from the west right of way line of
Rancho Road to existing pavement, a distance of 300 feet. This portion of im-
provement will have roll type curb and gutter in addition to asphaltic concrete
pavement on gravel base to conform to the existing improvement on the south
one-half (S½) of the street;

(4) Pinto Lane, east from the center line of Campbell Drive to the existing pave-
ment at Rancho Road, a distance of 3200 feet;

(5)	Palomino Lane, east from the centerline of Cambell Drive to the existing pavement
at Rancho Road, a distance of 3191 feet;

(6)	Shetland Road north from the north right of way line of Charleston Blvd, to the
centerline of Palomino Lane, a distance of 1281.38 feet;

(7)	Shetland Road north from the centerline of Palomino Lane to the existing pavement
at Alta Drive, a distance of 1306.5 feet.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of June, 1956.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

West Charleston
#100-32

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8.55 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 9.15 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

Discussion was held at this time with members of the Clark County Licensed Beverage Asso-
ciation concerning the new ordinance adopted by the Commission on May 23, 1956, known
as Ordinance No. 714.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-32

West Charleston Blvd.
Area-Improvement

LIQUOR ORDINANCE
Ordinance No. 714
Mr. Cal Cory, representing the Fremont Drug Store, was present to protest the prohibi-
tion of the sale of half pints in package liquor licenses in Grocery Stores and Drug
Stores.

Mr. John Kelly, secretary of the Clark County Licensed Beverage Association was also
present.

Mr. Harvy Parvin, one of the owners of the Fremont Drug also protested the prohibition of
drug stores that have package liquor licenses from the sale of half pints.

Thereafter the Commissions, requested that those protesting this section of the Ordinance
to meet with the other members of the Association and make a re port back to the City
Manager on the outcome by Friday, June 8, 1956 so that the ordinance can be published.

Mr. John Kelly also brought up for discussion the sale of draft beer by package liquor
stores, and requested that this be prohibited. He explained that the reason for this
was two-fold. Not only did the Tavern owners, who are paying a greater license fee,
object, but that by permitting such sale in package stores presented a difficult problem
wherein women cannot serve unless they are owners, and there are specific additional health
requirements that must be added to the place of business.

The Commission agreed to take this suggestion under advisement, and determined that they
would exclude the sale of draft beer from package liquor stores.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Child Welfare Ordinance requested additional time so that the proposed ordinance
can be discussed with members of the Welfare Board along with the City Attorney's office.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Charitable Solicitation Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed Locksmith
ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DEALING WITH LICENSING FOR

THE PURPOSES OF REGULATION AND REVENUE OF EVERY KIND OF LAWFUL BUSINESS TRANSACTED OR
CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, STATE OF NEVADA; FIXING
THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX AND REGULATION; PROVIDING FOR THE COLLECTION OF LICENSE FEES;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH,
having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, with the recommen-
dation that the minimum fee be $20.00 semi-annually instead of $25.00 as proposed, was read
in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 715 be adopted as recommended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 8, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949

DEALING WITH THE OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF CEMETERIES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND THE
OPERATION OF THE MUNICIPAL CEMETERIES; CONCERNING 'THE SUPERVISION, MANAGEMENT, AND CONTROL
OF THE MUNICIPAL CEMETERIES AND ITS AFFAIRS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERE-
TO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker
and Sharp for recommendation.

City Engineer Wade reported that the tabulations on Bid No. 56.26 for the installation of
paving on Charleston and Decatur Boulevards had been completed, and he recommended the low
bid of Wells-Stewart Construction Co. in the total amount of $29,873.10 be accepted.

Mayor Baker pointed out that there was a letter on file, which he presented to the Commission,
from Wells-Stewart donating $3,000 towards this project. The commission expressed appreci-
ation of this offer.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and the low
bid of Wells-Stewart on Bid No. 56.26 in the total amount of $29,873.10 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Engineer recommended that the low bid of Galland Electric Company
on Bid No. 56.18 for the installation of a Traffic Signal System at South 3th and San
Francisco be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and Bid
No. 36.18 be awarded to Galland Electric Company subject so signing the contract and
posting the required performance bond and financial statement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the renewal of the contract with the
Clark County Humane Society, as well as the agreement on the property, was being prepared
and would be presented to the Commission at a future meeting.

City Manager Kennedy introduced and recommended the approval of a resolution setting up
the fees for Woodlawn Cemetery.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Chilli Welfare

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Charitable Solicitation

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Locksmith

ORDINANCE NO. 713
Business Licenses



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Cemetery

BID NO. 56.26
Charleston & Decatur
Improvement
Awarded

BID NO. 56.18
Traffic Signals
Awarded

CLARK COUNTY HUMANE
SOCIETY

RESOLUTION
Cemetery Fees
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Chapter 8, Section 20, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, provides that the
Board of Commissioners shall supervise the sale of lots in Woodlawn Park Cemetery; and

WHEREAS, the costs of operation have increased over the years without an increase in
the sale price of lots and services performed in connection therewith; and

WHEREAS, the increases proposed by the City of Las Vegas will not work a hardship
on either businesses or private parties.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that the following schedule of prices be and they hereby are established for Wood-
lawn Cemetery, to-wit:

LOT SALES:	AMOUNT

Sections 0, 0-A, P*, Q,R,S,	$	80.00

Sections M,N,T,W,	80.00

Sections U,V	80.00

Sections H-AA (County Plot)	25.00

Sections BP, D-2,	D-3	25.00

OPENING AND CLOSING FEES:

When a wood box or concrete liner used	$	24.25

When a steel or concrete vault is used	30.00

Grave repair charges when a wood box

is used	5.75

When a box or casket of less than 3 ft.

is used	10.00

When a box or casket 3 to 5 ft. is	used	15.00

INTERMENT FEES OR GRAVE SETUP CHARGES:

For use of casket placer, lowering device chairs and artificial
grass	$	10.00

For use of chapel tent	10.00

If the mortuary uses own equipment	 deduct from above	3.00

REMOVAL FEES:

Adult, within Woodlawn	$	48.50

Adult, outside Woodlawn	24.25

Baby, within Woodlawn	30.00

Baby, outside Woodlawn	15.00

CARE FUND:

Sections M,N,0,0-A, P,Q,R, S,T,U,V,W	$	30.00

Sections H-AA	11.25

Section BP	10.00

STONE SETTINGS:

Marker up to 10" x 12"	$	5.00

Marker 1' x 2'	7.50

Marker 2' x 3'	12.50

Each planting depression added to foundation	2.50

Monument foundation pour, per foot	5.00

NONE-WORKDAY BURIALS (labor costs)	$	30.00

SECTIONAL VAULT SALES	26.00

*Section P $50.00 in hardship cases, approved by Veteran's Administration.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of June, 1956

Mayor

ATTEST:

__________________________

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CONCESSIONAIRE	At this time the City Manager presented the request of Carl Belding for renewal of his

Contract	contract as City Concessionaire at the Swimming Pools and Ball Field for the present

Carl Belding	season. Mr. Kennedy reported that Mr. Belding and requested the same type of contract

as in previous years with the exception that in lieu of a Surety bond he be allowed to file
a cash bond in the amount of $200.00. This was agreeable to the Commissioner.

Commissioner Bunker moved the agreement with Carl M. Belding as City Concessionaire from
May 25, 1956 to September 26, 1956 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
At this time it was reported to the Commission that inspections had been made of the
Westside Grocery, 322 Madison Street, and numerous discrepancies had been found in both
the operation of the business and in the building itself.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Clerk be instructed to notify the owner, Elijah Pullens to
be present at the next meeting of the Commission on June 20, 1956 to show cause why his
licenses should not be either suspended or revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Parking and Traffic Commission that the City discontinue the
parking lot business was considered at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be instructed to negotiate a contract pursuant
to this recommendation and report back to the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of the purchase of five thousand frames for the
License Division at an approximate cost of $1750.00. Mr. Kennedy explained this equipment
was necessary to install the proposed new licensing system.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the City Manager be approved and this purchase
authorized.

Motions seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy further requested permission to purchase a Wheeldex filing system to
be used in the License Division in connection with the new licensing procedure. Mr. Kennedy
indicated this equipment would cost approximately $1114.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be approved and the purchase of the Wheeldex filing
system authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held on the request of the Public Works Department to enter into an agreement
with the Air-Kern Company to deodorize the Sewage Disposal Plant. The City Manager, City
Attorney and City Engineer stressed the necessity of this process not only for public
convenience during the summer months, but to forestall the possibility of future law suits.
It was estimated that the installation of the initial equipment would cost $1500.00 plus
$275.00 to $300.00 per month during the summer months for the chemical to operate the
equipment.

The matter was referred back to the City Manager and Director of Public Works for study
and recommendation to the Commission.

At this time the City Manager presented the request of the Police Department to install
parking meters in the 1000 block and 1100 block on South Main Street and the 100 block on
Boulder Avenue.

At this time Commissioner Fountain left the meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution authorizing the installation of park-
ing meters on South Main Street North of Charleston Boulevard in the 1000 and 1100 blocks
be adopted: and the 100 block on Boulder Avenue.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Ordinance 710 permits the installation of parking meters on the streets and
parts of streets hereinafter named after approval of such installation by the Traffic and
Parking Commission of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the Traffic and Parking Commission approved such placement at a regular
meeting thereof held on the l5th day of March, 1956, and

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that parking meters be installed upon the following streets and parts of streets; to-
wit:

On South Main Street north of
Charleston Boulevard in the 1000
and 1100 blocks, and on both sides
thereof.

On Boulder Avenue in the 100 block,
and on both sides thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the various departments of the City be and they hereby
are instructed to make the necessary installations.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of June, 1956.

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

WESTSIDE GROCERY
Business & Liquor
Licenses

CITY PARKING LOTS

LICENSE DEPARTMENT
Equipment Purchase

SEWAGE DISPOSAL
PLANT

PARKING METER
INSTALLATION


Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to secure bids for the purchase of cable and
boxes to be used in connection with the new fire alarm system.

.Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the City Manager be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp reported that the Exchange Club has made an offer to furnish play-
ground equipment for the proposed park at 13th and Bridger, if and when the City acquires
this property from the Federal Government.

The Commission expressed appreciation of this proposal.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Las Vegas Firemen's Association for a
permit for charitable solicitation be approved, subject to the recommendation of the
Solicitations Review Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioner
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Fountain.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Whipple
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk 	

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

June 8, 1956

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is here-
by called to be hied in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 8th day of June, 1956,
at the hour of 3:00P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Liquor Ordinance

2.	Plumbing Board

3.	Policy

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE,

Commissioners and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assistant City Manager,
and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 3th and Stewart, on the 8th day of June,
1936, at the hour of 3:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Liquor Ordinance

2.	Plumbing Board

3.	Policy	/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of
special meeting.

/s/

C. D. BAKER	WENDELL BUNKER

HARRIS P. SHARP	A. H. KENNEDY

E. M. FOUNTAIN	R. F. BOOS

JOHN G. SPANN	REED WHIPPLE

FIRE ALARM SYSTEM

PLAYGROUND EQUIPMENT
Exchange Club

CHARITABLE

SOLICITATION

PERMIT
Las Vegas, Nevada

June 8, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
8th day of June, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Administrative

Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney John Spann
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Mayor Baker opened the meeting with a discussion concerning a statement of policy insofar
as the Commission and Department Heads are concerned. His Honor pointed out that on various
occasions the Commission has been embarrassed in public meeting when citizens present have
either quoted or submitted written evidence that is contrary to the various policies set
forth by the Commission. He continued that he felt the Department Heads should assert
themselves in learning the policy of the Commission on specific matters, especially those
concerning their own departments, and attempt to follow more closely the policies established.
He further advised the Commission that he felt that while there were few of such incidents,
that they did prove embarrassing to both the Commission as well as the employee; and while
he felt that a great deal of this was through misunderstanding, that it could be readily
corrected.

City Manager Kennedy indicated that he believed that all Department Heads, of which there
are nine, could attend the Commission meetings regularly and acquaint themselves with the
desires and the policy of the Commission.

The Commissioners indicated their agreement in this matter and requested that the City
Manager inform the Department Heads of the same.

Discussion was held on the amendment to the Liquor Ordinance adopted as Ordinance No. 714
on May 23, 1956.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the representatives of the Package Liquor Licensees and
the Clark County Licensed Beverage Association had not reached a conclusive agreement as to
whether or not they wished the sale of half pints to be permitted in Drug Stores and
Grocery Stores.

Thereafter the Commission requested the following changes be made to Ordinance No. 714, and
advised the Clerk to publish said ordinance, as revised, as soon as possible:

1.	 The provision allowing the sale of a minimum of one-pint of liquor in package

liquor stores licensed in Drug Stores, Grocery Stores and Shopping Centers, be
retained.

2. The section prohibiting the sale of draft beer in package liquor stores be revised
so that those licensees now selling draft beer be allowed to continue as long as
the ownership and location remains as is, but no further sale of draft beer under
such licenses be permitted.

It was reported to the Commission that certain package liquor licensees are not observing
the policy of the Commission insofar as maintaining the liquor division away from close con-
tact by the public and juveniles. The City Manager was authorized to notify these offenders,
namely the Thrifty Drug Store, 317 Fremont and Skaggs Drug Center, 215 Fremont, to discontinue
the practice.

Discussion was held on the activities of the Board of Plumbers Examiners and the recent irre-
gularities in examinations for two applicants for certification as Master Plumbers.

The matter was referred to the City Manager for handling and report back to the Commission.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Bunker moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:



C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk	

STATEMENT OF POLICY

ORDINANCE NO. 714
Liquor Amendment

LIQUOR LICENSEES
PLUMBING BOARD
Las Vegas, Nevada

June 20, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
20th day of June, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by Mayor Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Administrative

Assistant	R. F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Director of Planning	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

This being the time set for Elijah Pullens, owner of the Westside Grocery-store located at
322 Madison to appear before the Commission to show cause why his business and beer licenses
should not be suspended or revoked, His Honor asked the City Manager to make a report on
the investigation of this matter.

Mr. Kennedy reported that Building, Fire, Police and Health Departments had made inspections
of this Building, and the reports indicated that the premises did not meet the requirements
of these Codes. He stated that Mr. Pullens had operated the business since 1951 and it was
a non-conforming use in an R-4 zone. Mr. Kennedy further stated that on May 4, 1955 the
application of Mr. Pullens for a variance to re-build or replace his building at this location
was presented to the Commissioner. At this meeting the recommendation of the Board of Zoning
Adjustment that the variance be denied was held in abeyance for further study; at a sub-
sequent meeting on May 18, 1955 the matter was again presented with no conclusive action being
taken. Mr. Kennedy continued that up to the present time the variance application has still
not been denied nor approved.

The City Manager advised the Board that the Health Department had given notice that the store
must be closed because of unsanitary conditions and Mr. Pullens had complied by closing on
June 13, 1956. He further reported that the complaint concerning on-premise consumption of
beer not permitted under Mr. Pullen's off-sale license had ceased after notification by
the Police Department.

Thereafter Mr. Michael Hines appeared on behalf of Mr. Pullens and requested that the licenses
not be revoked.

Mr. Hones reported to the Commission that Mr. Pullens was able to secure financing to con-
struct a new building if the requested variance was approved.

Mr. Mike Terlizzi, local building contractor stated that if permission was granted the
present structure could be torn down and reconstruction commenced within a week or ten days.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Elijah Pullens for a zone variance
to rebuild or replace a building presently used for commercial purposes on Lot 6, Block 12,

Valley View Addition (NE corner of D and Madison) in an R-4 zone be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS on May 4, 1955, there was presented to this Commission the application of
Elijah Pullens for a zone variance to rebuild or replace a building presently used for
commercial purposes on Lot 6, Block 12, Valley View Addition (NE comer of D and Madison)

Streets in an R-4 zone; and

WHEREAS such application was reported unfavorably by the Board of Zoning Adjustment
on April 2% 19%; and

WHEREAS no further action on the matter has been taken by this Board since May 18,19%; and

WHEREAS representations by the owner have been made to this Board that if the variance
was approved, new construction could start in the near future which would remove the objections
of the building, fire, health, and police departments of the City; and

WHEREAS in light of such representations, and in order not to impose a hardship on
the owner, the Board is ready to grant such variance,

NOW,THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting held on the 20th day of June, 1956, that Elijah Pullens be granted a
zone variance to rebuild or replace a building presently used for commercial purposes on Lot
6, Block 12, Valley View Addition, (NE corner of D and Madison Streets) provided that such
building shall meet the requirements of the building code before any license to do business
is granted, provided further that no liquor may be sold in such premises.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Planning Director Bills presented the tentative map of Valley Properties lo-
cated in the NE¼ of Section 25, T20S, R61E and advised that the proposed subdivision had
been approved by the Planning Commission subject to a re-design of the property proposed
for public use; provision for adequate water supply; proper street design for drainage and
full development and improvement of Washington Avenue.

Commissioner Fountain moved this tentative map be denied until more evidence of adequate
water supply in this area can be furnished.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTSIDE GROCERY
Licenses
&

Variance V-l4-55

TENTATIVE MAP -
Valley Properties
This being the time set for the opening of bids for the installation of the Golf Course
Sprinkler System in State I and/or Stage II, bids were received from the following firms:

AUTOMATIC IRRIGATION CO.

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner W hippie and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for receiving bids for the installation of a paved playground area
at Jefferson Recreation Center and a paved parking lot at 4th and Stewart, bids were re-
ceived from the following firms:

IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO. INC.

INGRAM CONST. CO.

PAHLEN CONST. CO. INC.

WHITING BROS. CONST. CO.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set heretofore for the opening of bids for the furnishing of four one-
half ton pickups, 1956 models, bids were received from the following films:

CASHMAN GMC TRUC CO.

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE MERCANTILE CO.

COMMUNITY CHEVROLET
GAUDIN MOTOR COMPANY.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation of approxi-
mately 3000 feet of Sanitary Sewers in Sunrise Park, bids were received from the following
firms:

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO. INC.

GEO. E. MILLER

GENERAL CONTRACTORS CO. (No bid for City in envelop - Government bid received

and returned)

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the construction of tennis courts and
tennis court lighting at Squires Park, bids were received from the following firms:

IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO., INC.

GEER COMPANY

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for an addition to the Jefferson Avenue
Pool Building, bids were received from the following firms:

M. D. GIASON

SHELTON MILL & CONSTRUCTION
WILLARD TERRY

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the furnishing of gasoline
for the period from July 1, 1956 to June 30, 1957, bids were received from the following
firms:

SHELL OIL COMPANY

SIGNAL OIL COMPANY

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

THE TEXAS CO.

TIDEWATER OIL COMPANY (also telegram received advising ½¢ off on regular gasoline)
UNION OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 56.19
Golf Course
Sprinkling System

BID NO. 56.20
Playground & Civic
Center Parking Lot

BID NO. 56.21
Half-ton Pickups

BID NO. 56.22
Sunrise Park Sewer

BID NO. 56.23
Tennis Courts & Light-
ing - Squires Park

BID NO. 56.24

Addn. to Jefferson
Pool Building

BID NO. 56.28
Gasoline
This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the furnishing of diesel and
fuel oil to the City for the period from July 1, 1956 to June 30, 1957, bids were received
from the following firms:

SHELL OIL COMPANY

SIGNAL OIL COMPANY

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

THE TEXAS CO.

TIDEWATER OIL COMPANY

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the furnishing of one station wagon,

1956 Model, bids were received from the following firms:

JAMES CASHMAN CO.

PAT CLARK PONTIAC
COMMUNITY CHEVROLET
GAUDIN MOTOR COMPANY

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for automotive tires and tubes
for the City for the period commencing July 1, 1956 and ending June 30, 1957; bids were
received from the following firms:

DAVIS BROS. RICHFIELD TRUCK TERMINAL
LAS VEGAS FIRESTONE DEALER, INC.

SIGNAL OIL COMPANY
SUPERIOR TIRE INC.

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded By Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the furnishing of batteries to the City
from July 1, 1956 to June 30, 1957; bids were received from the following firms:

DAVIS BROS. RICHFIELD TRUCK TERMINAL

GENERAL AUTO PARTS

LAS VEGAS AUTO PARTS

LAS VEGAS FIRESTONE DEALER, INC.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8:30 P. M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:45 P.M.
with all members present as of opening session.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Fitzsimmon Stores Ltd. for a limited pack-
age liquor license at the Thriftimart, 2200 W. Bonanza, commencing July 1, 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was again given to the application of Lloyd L. St. John, Twin Lakes Corp.
for reclassification of the East 780 feet of the South 660 feet of the N½ of the SW¼ of Sec.
29-20-61 from R-1 to R-3-T. This application had previously been considered by the Commission
on June 6, 19% and referred back to the Planning Commission for an additional public
hearing.

Mr. Lloyd St. John appeared in this regard and requested approval of this application for re -
zoning, even though the recommendation of the Planning Commission was that the application
be denied. Discussion followed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation from the Planning Commission that
the application for rezoning be denied, be accepted and denial authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, -Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Fountain passed
his vote stating that he owns property in the area.

At this time the Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission to re-
classify the S½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of the SW¼, Sec. 3% T20S, R61E, Bounded by East
Charleston, 14th Street, Clark Avenue and l5th Street, from C-1 to R-1.

Discussion was held on the rezoning of this property which is bordered by commercial zoning,
and it was determined the recommendation of the Planning Commission for reclassification not
be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission for the rezoning of
the above described property from C-1 to R-1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



BID NO. 56.29
Diesel & Fuel Oils

BID NO. 56.30
Station Wagon

BID NO. 56.33
Tires & Tubes

BID NO. 56.34
Batteries

LIQUOR LICENSE
New

THRIFTIMART

REZONING -Z-17-56
Twin Lakes Corp.
Director of Public Works George Wade presented the request of Wells-Stewart Construction
Company for final payment of the 10% retention on the improvement of "A" Street. Mr. Wade
recommended this request be approved in the total amount of $1,349. 86.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Wells-Stewart Construction Company for final
payment on the A Street project in the total amount of $1,349.86 be approved and the warrant
issued.

Motion* seconded bv Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following "vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Clay Lynch from the Clark County Engineering Department was present at this time to
discuss the easement granted the County on May 16, 19% for highway right-of-way in
Section 17, T21S, R61E. Mr. Lynch asked that the Commission reconsider the realignment
of the easement granted across City land and pointed out if the County constructed the high-
way in the manner suggested there would be curves in the highway that would be too short
an arc which is not good planning.

The Board suggested that the County Engineers renegotiate with property owners to the
south of the City property so that the highway can be constructed without these curves.

The Commissioner pointed out that if. the City granted the easement in the location the
County requested that the remainder of the property on each side of the proposed highway
would be too small to be of much value.

Thereafter the matter was held in abeyance until Mr. Lynch could contact other property
owners affected to see if the matter, could be straightened out.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Richard and Doris Tam to the City for
streets in the Judy Rich Tract No. 2.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made.

RESOLUTION

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner E. W.

Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of June, 1956; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 9th day of
May, 1956, executed by JUDY RICH ENTERPRISES, A CORPORATION to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

JUDY RICH TRACT 2 ( STREETS)

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 14780 through 15000 and 1 through 292
in the net amount of $68,909.% be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 6918 to 7054 and 7056 to
7074 in the total amount of $175,628.08 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple, and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of June 6, 1956 be approved by reference and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The Commissions considered the claim of Ernest Thacker in the amount of $2148.00. Mr.

Thacker requested this amount for damages to his property at 326 South 10th Street reportedly
caused by a sewer back-up.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Ernest Thacker in the amount of $2148.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Assistant City Attorney Ralston O. Hawkins reported to the Commission that the
quitclaim deed and release from the U. S. Government for that property occupied by the old
sewer plant, had been received and was at present being recorded. Mr. Hawkins recommended
the City authorize the payment of this claim in the total amount of $32,229.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of the U. S. Government in the total
amount of $32,229.00 for the old sewer plant be approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the payment to the Las Vegas Volunteer Firemen in the amount of
$3200.00 for the moving and use of their club house when the same was moved from the location
of the old police station on North 2nd Street to the present location at 2nd and Mesquite,
be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

"A" STREET IMPROVEMENT
Final Payment

EASEMENT TO COUNTY
Sec. 17-21-61
Clark County
Truck Route R/W

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Judy Rich Tract No. 2
Richard and Doris Tam

FOR:

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Ernest Thacker
Denied

PAYMENT TO GOVERNMENT
OLD SEWER PLANT

LAS VEGAS VOLUNTEER
FIREMEN - Club House
Consideration was given to the lease with the Las Vegas Volunteer Firemen for the property
on 2nd and Mesquite where the club house is presently located.

Commissioner Whipple moved this lease be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Assistant City Attorney Hawkins requested that the Commission authorize the signing of an
agreement for immediate possession of property on Owens Avenue at A Street, required for
crossing. Mr. Hawkins advised that the Attorney's office was proceeding with condemnation
proceedings but in order to have immediate right of entry, which is necessary, there would
have to be an agreement and the City will have to post a bond in the approximate amount of
$214l.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be authorized to negotiate an agreement and
post the required bond to secure possession of this property on Owens at A Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was had on the complaints received concerning the conveyor constructed behind and
across the alley of the American Linen Co. located at 1001 South 1st Street.

The Commission was advised that permission had been granted to construct this conveyor on
May 18, 1955, but that the neighbors were complaining about the noise involved in the con-
veying of laundry across the alley at all hours of the day and night.

Attorney Hawkins advised the Commission that if this matter was declared a public nuisance,
the owners of the American Linen could be requested to appear to show cause why the nuisance
should not be abated.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the owners and operators of the American Linen Co.
be requested to appear at the next meeting on July 10, 1956 to show cause why this nuisance
should not be abated. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 5 SECTION I CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

1949, DEALING WITH AUCTIONS AND AUCTIONEERS BY FURTHER DEFINING AUCTION SALES TO INCLUDE THE
SALE OR OFFER TO SELL OF MERCHANDISE BY PUBLIC OUTCRY; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY,
was introduced and read in full to the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Emergency Ordinance No. 721 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The Board was advised that Jack Bentley, owner of the Bentley Trading Post located at 205
Fremont Street was exposing for sale and selling certain types of obscene literature.

Commissioner Sharp moved that notice be given to Mr. Jack Bentley to appear before the
Commission on June 27, 1956 to show cause why his license should not be suspended or revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 677 KNOWN AS THE SOLICITATIONS

ORDINANCE BY CLARIFYING A SOLICITATION AND DEFINING CHARITABLE OR WELFARE PURPOSES; BY
PROVIDING EXEMPTIONS FROM THE PROVISIONS OF THE ORDINANCE; PROVIDING STANDARDS FOR THE
GRANTING OF PERMITS; PROVIDING FOR A BOND UPON THE ISSUANCE OF A PERMIT; PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CON-
FLICT HEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, having been
reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, was read in full to the Board
at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 718 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 8, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949

DEALING WITH THE OFFICE OF SUPERINTENDENT OF CEMETERIES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND THE
OPERATION OF THE MUNICIPAL CEMETERIES; CONCERNING THE SUPERVISION, MANAGEMENT, AND CONTROL
OF THE MUNICIPAL CEMETERIES AND ITS AFFAIRS ; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker
and Sharp was read in full to the Board at this time.



Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 719 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

LEASE - LAS VEGAS
Volunteer Firemen

CONDEMNATION
Brown Property
A & Owens

AMERICAN LINEN
Conveyor Across Alley



EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
NO. 721
AUCTION SALES

BENTLEY TRADING POST
To Appear on License

ORDINANCE NO. 718
Charitable
Solicitations

ORDINANCE NO. 719
Cemetery Fees
An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE LIMITS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED THERETO AND
SUBJECT TO ALL LAMS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A FLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN
THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA: AND PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners
Bunker and Sharp was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 720 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker,

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the proposed ordinance on Locksmiths be reported unfavorable.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested the Commission to adopt a resolution to sell 140 feet of City
property to the Housing Authority to be used for additional housing, Mr. Kennedy reported
this property is adjacent to Marble Manor at J and McWilliams Streets.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution authorizing the sale of this
land be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas has requested permission to
purchase certain city-owned property, hereinafter described, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has deemed it to be in the public interest to sell said
property to the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the said property will be appraised and the value thereon set at such time as
appraisal is received;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting thereof
held on the 20th day of June, 1956, that the property owned by the City of Las Vegas, described
as follows, to-wit:

A portion of the North one-half (N½) of the Southeast one-quarter (SE¼) of Section

28, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, and more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

COMMENCING at the Northwest comer of the Southeast one-quarter (SE¼) of Section 28,
thence south 89°38'00'' East along the North line of the Southeast one-quarter (SE¼)
of said Section 28, a distance of 1363.09 feet to the true point of beginning; thence
South 1°00'00" West a distance of 636 feet to a point on the North line of that
certain parcel of land conveyed by Southern Nevada Land and Development Company to
W. S. Miller by deed dated September 8, 1920 and recorded October 22, 1920 in Book 7
of Deeds, page 178; thence South 89°19'09" West along the North line thereof a
distance of 140.06 feet to a point; thence North 1°00'00" East a distance of 638.19
feet more or less to a point on the North line of the Southeast one-quarter (SE¼)
of Section 28, thence South 89°38'00" East a distance of 140.01 feet to the true
point of beginning.

Save and except those portions dedicated to the City of Las Vegas for street purposes
along the North line thereof as recited in Documents Nos. 231836,

may be sold to the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas for the sum of $ 5,127.50_____

payable as follows:

All expenses of examination of title and of preparation and recording the deed shall
be paid by the Local Authority. Payment of the purchase price shall be made upon transfer
to the Local Authority.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held on the letter from the Associated General Contractors concerning the
requirements of the City for deposit of money for plans and specifications on bids. The
Associated General Contractors recommended that a deposit be required to prevent too many
plans being checked out unnecessarily, but that the full deposit be returned to the bidder
if the plans are returned in good order. The Commission referred this matter to the City-
Manager and Director of Public Works to investigate and report back at the next meeting.

Consideration was given to the offer of Hotel Fremont to sell that certain property located
on Mesquite Street behind the Police Department and across from the Central Fire Station. Mr.
Kennedy reported that the approximate sale price for this land which is 150' x l40' is $79,610.60
The Commission advised the City Manager to continue negotiations.

The City Manager requested approval of two purchase orders to Lembke-Clough and King in con-
junction with the installation of the Fire Alarm System. Mr. Kennedy stated the amounts of
these purchase orders are $1072.60 and $1191.13 respectively.

Commissioner Sharp moved these two purchase orders be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

ORDINANCE NO. 720
Annexation
Sec. 21,T20S,R61E



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Locksmith

HOUSING AUTHORITY
Sale of City Land

DEPOSIT ON PLANS



PURCHASE OF LAND
Hotel Fremont



LEMBKE-CLOUGH & KING
Fire Alarm System
City Manager Kennedy presented the offer of the LDS Church to buy or trade 2½ acres of
City owned land at 28th and Stewart. The Commissioner advised the City Manager to continue
negotiations and report back when the Church has something specific to offer.

It was recommended by City Engineer Wade that the bid of Gaudin Motor Company on Bid No. 56.30
for the furnishing of one 1956 Station Wagon be accepted. Mr. Wade stated that this was
the low bid in the amount of $2306.50.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation be accepted and Bid no. 56.30 be awarded to
Gaudin Motor Company in the total amount of $2306.50.

Commissioner Bunker left the meeting at this time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Bunker returned to the meeting at this time.

Discussion was held on securing additional water for the Golf Course Well, but no conclusive
action was taken at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved that William G. Miller be appointed as a member of the Board of
Plumber Examiners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain left the meeting at this time.

City Engineer Wade recommended the low bid of Automatic Irrigation Co. on Bid No. 56.19
for the installation of a sprinkler system at the Municipal Golf Course be accepted subject
to compliance with the ordinances, in the total amount of $31,665.01.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.19 be awarded to
Automatic Irrigation Company if they qualify with City Requirements, in the total amount
of $31,665.01.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Fountain returned to the meeting.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that there was a difference of $38.33 between the
two low bidders for the installation of the Jefferson Recreation Playground and Civic
Center Parking Lot (2nd and Stewart), and recommended the bid of Pahlen Construction Company
in the total amount of $10,336.92 be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and Bid No.
56.20 be awarded to Pahlen Construction Company in the total amount of $10,366.92.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Engineer recommended the low bid of Geer Company in the amount of
$6,129.12 be accepted for the installation of the Squire's Park Tennis Courts, known as
Bid No. 56.23.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.23 be awarded to
Geer Company in the total amount of $6,129.12.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

George Wade, City Engineer recommended the low bid of Willard Terry Company on Bid No. 56.24
for the addition to the Jefferson Pool Building, be accepted in the total amount of $10,424.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.24 be awarded to
Willard Terry Construction Company in the amount of $10,424.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Herb McDonald be appointed as a member of the Las Vegas
Golf Board to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Dr. C. W. Woodbury.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held on the lack of adequate water supply to the Ridge Park Subdivision located
on East Charleston Village near the intersection with Nellis Boulevard. It was determined
that the Fire Chief, City Manager and Director of Public Works should arrange a meeting with
the subdivider of this property and officials of the County to see if some immediate relief
can be given the twenty-one home owners. The meeting was tentatively set for June 21, 1956
at 3:00 P.M.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker moved this
meeting recess until June 27, 1956 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

6-20-56

PURCHASE OR TRADE
OF LAND

L. D. CHURCH

BID NO. 56.30
Station Wagon
Awarded

GOLF COURSE WELL

BOARD OF PLUMBER
EXAMINERS

BID NO. 56.19
Golf Course
Sprinkler System
Awarded

BID NO. 56.20
Playground & Parking
Lot Paving
Awarded

BID NO. 56.23
Tennis Courts
Awarded

BID NO. 56.24
Addn to Jefferson
Pool Bldg
Awarded

LAS VEGAS GOLF
BOARD

Appointment

WATER SUPPLY
Ridge Park
Las Vegas, Nevada
June 27, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 27th day of June, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 8:05 P.M. by Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.	D.	Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.	W.	Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.	H.	Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	R.	F.	Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

This being the time set for J. D. Bentley, owner of Bentley's Trading Post at 205 Fremont
to appear to show cause why his business license should not be revoked or suspended, His
Honor asked if Mr. Bentley was present.

Attorney Madison B. Graves, representing Mr. Bentley stated that they were present.

Sgt. Wayne McDorman from the Police Department gave a report on the investigation of the
location and presented evidence to the Commission of the type of indecent literature and
novelties that are exposed for sale and can be purchased at the Bentley Trading Post.

Mayor Baker asked Mr. Bentley if he denied that he was selling and exposing for sale
the evidence submitted by the Police Department.

Mr. Graves stated that his client denied the charge on the basis that they did not know
what obscene literature was supposed to have been on the premises. The Commission invited
Mr. Graves to see what had been purchased by the officer investigating this matter.

Mr. Bentley explained that he had not been actively operating this business for the last
three years, and that in fact, had the business sold at one time but it was necessary to
repossess. He further stated that if he had realized this merchandise was being sold, he
would have disposed of it long ago. He indicated that if he was permitted to continue to
operate he would check his merchandise to see that this does not happen again.

The Commission reminded Mr. Bentley that he was the owner of the business and responsible
for its operation. They further cautioned him on the operation because of its accessi-
bility to children. The Board advised Mr. Bentley that if another incident of this
nature occurred his license will be revoked.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 7076 in the total amount
of $583.75 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ivin P. and Irma W. MacDonald, Idle Hour Pool
Hall, 19 Ogden for a Beer License be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of J. A. Ewing, Greyhound Posthouse Cafe, 112
South Main Street for a Beverage license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. John Sullivan representing C. Norman Cornwall, attorney for Fitzsimmons
Stores Ltd. in their application for a Wholesale Liquor and Importers Beverage license
for the Thriftimart was present to request approval of the application.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the application could not be acted upon
for two reasons. First, there is an ordinance limiting the number of Wholesale licenses
that can be issued; and secondly, this is not the proper zone for this type of license.

Mr. Sullivan stated that he was not aware that the zoning was improper and requested per-
mission to have the application approved subject to obtaining a location in the correct
zone. He further advised the Commission that the applicant felt that if the license was
not granted, that their business would be greatly curtailed.

Mayor Baker asked Mr. Sullivan if the fact that the Commission had not taken any action
on this application for a Wholesale license might not be an indication that the application
was not going to be approved. He reminded the applicant that a Retail Package liquor
license had been approved for the Thriftimart at the last meeting of the Commission.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Fitzsimmons Store Ltd. by James
C. Russell for a Wholesale Liquor and Importers Beverage license at the Thriftimart,

2200 West Bonanza be denied because there are no licenses available and the location is
not in the proper zone.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HEARING ON LICENSE
Bentley's Trading
Post

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANT

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
NEW

Idle Hour Pool Hall

GREYHOUND POSTHOUSE
Thriftimart
The Commission considered the application of Wilmer G. Steele for a Tavern license at

the Cotton Club, 500 Jackson, the same being a change in ownership by reason of the deletion

of J. A. Ewing and Lila R. Lee.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Wilmer G. Steel for a Tavern license at the
Cotton Club, 300 Jackson be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Joe Kerekes for the Beer License at the
Little Giant Market, 107 St. Louis Street, the same being a change in ownership by the
deletion of the partners Margaret Kerekes and Howard Heckethorn.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application be held in abeyance until the Police Department
has reported on the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the request of C. G. Hoover and Joe Schramm to

add the name of Frank Costanzo to the Tavern license for Duffy's Tavern, 1813 South 3th Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Police Department
this application for addition of Frank Costanzo to the tavern license for Duffy's Tavern,

1815 South 5th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the change of ownership for the Retail Package and Beer License
issued to Pinky's, 1232 South 3 th Street, formerly issued to Hugh and Winifred Pinkstaff
and the new application being in the name of Grace M. Letchworth. The Police Department
recommended approval.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Grace M. Letchworth for the Re-
tail Package and Beer Licenses for Pinky's 1232 South 3th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Thomas Bibbs for the Beer License for the
New Valley View Market, 1312 North D Street, formerly issued to William Myll doing business
as Baby Beef Market #2.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Thomas Bibbs for a Beer License for the New
Valley View Market, 1316 North D Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commissioner considered the following applications for renewal of gaming licenses for
the 3rd quarter of 1956:

GAMING APPLICATIONS
3rd Quarter 1936

A. RENEWALS

AUSTIN DRUG	K. S. Austin	821 South 3th	3	slots

BOB BASKIN'S RESTAURANT	Bob Baskin & Garland Miner	116 North 3th	3	slots

BELL VARIETY - HDWE	J. R. Bell	1311 Fremont	3	slots

BLACKETT'S DRIVE-IN	O. W. Glenn	2100 South 3th	3	slots

BONANZA DRUG	Cardinal & Sullivan	402 W. Bonanza	4	slots

BOTTLE HOUSE	Floyd Cope	827 South 5th	6	slots

BRIGHT SPOT DRIVE-IN	Barnie Sullivant	300 Stewart	3	slots

CALIFORNIA CLUB	George Arquilla, Harry	101 -5 Fremont	101 slots

Tabak, Oakley Townsend,	2	Craps

et al	3	"21"

1	Roulette
1 Chuck-a-Luck
1 Keno
1 Faro

CARSON CAFE	Ann T. Bunnell & Raymond	521 Carson	2	slots

CHAT & CHEW CAFE	O.W.GLENN	Cox	1039 So. Main	2 slots

CHARLIE'S LIQUOR STORE &	Fred & Elias Atol	1511 So. Main	3	slots

BEER BAR

CHARLESTON LIQUOR STORE        E. J. Gilbreath	9 W. Charleston	9 slots

CHATTERBOX	El Cortez Hotel Inc.	Main at Fremont	3	slots

CITY DRUG	Cardinal & Sullivan	231 Fremont	5	slots

CONEY ISLAND	Vegas Enterprises Co.	412 So. 2nd	4	slots

COREY'S FINE FOODS	Cardinal & Sullivan	402 Fremont	1	slot

COREY'S FINE FOODS	John D. & James C. Corey	402 Fremont	4	slots

CORK 'N BOTTLE	Frank Pimental	508 Fremont	4	slots

CORNET STORE	Tom Jaggers & Joe Cornet	4th & Fremont	12	slots

CRESTWOOD DRUG	Glenn Sales	2224 E Charleston	3	slots

DAN DEE BAR	Molly Fitzpatrick	203 North 1st	2	slots

DAVIS BROS RICHFIELD TRUCK

TERMINAL	R. W. Davis, Mgr	629 South Main	2 slots

DOLLAR MARKET	Morris Diamond &	433 North Main	    4	slots

Bernard Koblin

DOS'S MOBIL SERVICE	Cardinal & Sullivan	1301 E. Charleston	1	slot

DERBY TURF CLUB	Dave Stearns & Louis Nier	113 South 1st	1	Race Horse Book

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
CHANGES
Cotton Club

Little Giant Mkt

Duffy's Tavern

Pinky's

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change

New Valley View Mkt

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals
HOTEL EL CORTEZ ENTERPRISES    W. J. Moore Jr.	612 Fremont	54 slots

3 "21"

1	Roulette

2	Craps

ELDORADO ARCADE	W. H. Adams	4 Fremont	7 slots

ELITE MARKET	Earl Vause	831 South Main	3 slots

EL TORO CAFE	Glenn Sales	504 Jackson	2 slots

HOTEL ELWELL, INC.	W. H. Elwell	204 South 1st	7 slots

5TH ST LIQUOR STORE	Gordon W. Potter	725 South 5th	l4 slots

FOODLAND MARKET	Vegas Food Company	1500 Fremont	 7 slots

FISHER DRUG CO.	Fred C. Kersel & Edwd L.Royce  501 North Main	b slots

FORTUNE CLUB	Robert Van Santen	109 Fremont	138 slots

GLENN VEGAS MOTEL	Herbert A. Hitchens	2233 South 5th	2 slots

GALENS LIQUOR	E. C. Hummer	1216 South Main	 2 slots

GOLDEN NUGGET	By: C. C. King	129 Fremont	300 slots

9 Craps
13 Blackjack
4 Roulette

1	Nevada Keno

2	Big 6 Wheels
6 Poker
6 Pan

GOLDEN GATE	Alfred Durante etal	1 Fremont	90 Slots 1 RH Keno

GREYHOUND BUS DEPOT	J.	A.	Ewing	110 South Main	7	slots

GREYHOUND POST HOUSE	J.	A.	Ewing	112 South Main	7	slots

HICKORY MOOD BAR B Q, INC      Gus & Helen P. Corey	315-17 Fremont	5 slots

HOLIDAY INN	Fred Worth	2205 South 5th	2 slots

HUNTRIDGE DRUG STORE	W.	L.	Holst	Jr.	1310 E Charleston	6	slots

HUNTRIDGE LIQUOR STORE	W.	L.	Holst	Jr.	1320 E. Charleston	8	slots

JOHNNY'S SUPER MARKET	John Nassar & Blaine	2200 E. Charleston	3 slots

Johnson

THE HORSHOE CLUB	The Eldorado Club	128 Fremont	191 slots

By: Harry E. Dorsett	6 Craps

6 "21"

2	Roulette
1 Keno

KING'S RESTAURANT	Glenn Sales	1102 Fremont	4 slots

KOST'S	Robert J. Kost	1000 South Main	3 slots

LAS VEGAS BOWL INC.	Bowl Amusement Co.	1825 South 5th	16 slots

By: H. E. Springston

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR STORE	Dolores J. Bonaobra	812 Fremont	3 slots

LAUGHLIN'S CAFE	O. W. Glenn	4l0 W. Bonanza	4 slots

LUCKY STRIKE CLUB	By:	Milton Prell	117 Fremont	152 slots

1 Bingo
200 Chairs

MACDONALD HOTEL	By: H. Lynn Chase	208	North	5th	3	slots

MAIN LIQUOR STORE CO.	Vegas Enterprises Co.	4l8	North	5th	5	slots

MARKET TOWN	Adelson, Inc.	22 E. Oakey	12 slots

MARGO'S	Kroloff Distributing Co.	8l4 W. Bonanza	2 slots

MAYFAIR LIQUOR STORE	Blaine Beckwith	1418 Fremont	8 slots

MIKE'S 5TH STREET MKT	F. Anthony Messina	630	South	5th	3	slots

MODERN MARKET, INC.	Joseph A. Gordon &	121	North	5th	5	slots

Lewis D. Stein

NERGER'S MOBIL SERVICE	Cardinal & Sullivan	224 North Main	1 slot

NEVADA LIQUORS	John L. Funk	2109 E. Fremont	4 slots

NEW WINGS CAFE	Robert Peccole	201	North	1st	4	slots

9TH & FREMONT SERVICE &

AUTO LAUNDRY	P. O. Cannons	900 Fremont	1 slot

NEVADA CLUB	Robert Van Santen	113 Fremont	124 slots

NEW BOULDER CLUB	Peter J. Amante	118 Fremont	132 slots

3	Crap Games

5 "21"

1 Roulette

1	Race Horse Keno

2	Poker
1 Pan

1 Bridge Game

O'BRION'S LIQUOR STORE	Cardinal, Sullivan &	1311 E. Charleston	6 slots

Robert F. O'Brion

ORANGE RUFUS CO.	Pat Rozzelle	409 Fremont	12 slots

PARK MARKET	Morris Diamond &	424 North 5th	5 slots

Bernard Koblin

PAYLESS LIQUOR STORE	Joseph Nosanchuch	1509 Fremont	6 slots

PIONEER CLUB	Charles Addison etal	25 Fremont	98 slots

3	Craps
1 Roulette

5 "21"

1 Race Horse Keno

1	Poker

PIONEER COCKTAIL LOUNGE	Charles Addison etal	25 Fremont	6 slots

RANCH MARKET	Glenn Sales	611	Van Buren	3	slots

RYP'S CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	134	South	5th	4	slots

SALLIE'S LIQUOR STORE	Johnson, Collins,	2120 E. Charleston	12 slots

& BEER BAR	Starrk, Thompson

SARATOGA RACE BOOK	Henry Cal Remolif	l14	South	1st	1	RaceBook

SARATOGA SPORTS	Jack Roland	l14	South	1st	1	SportsBook

SAUCE PIG	O. W. Glenn	2111 Fremont	3 slots

SAV-ON LIQUOR STORE	Sam Don	504 North Main	3 slots

SELEX COFFEE SHOP	Irving I. Gelsin	209 North Main	1	slot

BILL MOORE'S SHOWBOAT	W.J. Moore, Jr. etal	Boulder Highway	62	slots

2	Craps

3	"21"

1 Roulette
1 Bingo-

600 Chairs

SILLS	Miller, Sill & Christian	5th & Charleston	7	slots

SILL'S TELL 'N TOTE	Miller, Sill & Christian	5th & Charleston	2	slots
SILVER CLUB	O. W. Glenn	505 Jackson	1 slot

SILVER PALACE	Spinning Wheel Corporation      28 Fremont	160 slots

4"21"

3	Crap
1 Roulette
1 Big 6 Wheel
l RH Keno

SKAGG'S DRUG CENTER	Vegas	Enterprises Co.	215 Fremont	8	slots

SKILLET CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	1519 S. Main	3	slots

SPORTS LIQUOR STORE	P. G.	Gruneisen & A.A.	419 N. Main	4	slots

Lauchert

SPOT CAFE	Cardinal	& Sullivan	1000 S. Main	3 slots

STAN'S RESTAURANT	Gus S. Andros	1525	Fremont	3	 slots

STRIP COFFEE SHOP	Keith J. Campbell	1328	S. 5th	3	 slots

STRIP DRUG STORE	Irvin J. Carlson,	2425	S. 5th           	4 slots

Ray O. McGowan

STRIP LIQUOR STORE	James	E. Reid	2417 S. 5th	7	slots

SWINGING DOOR SALOON	Jack Gilson	111 N. 1st	2	slots

TASTY PASTRY SHOP	Keith	J. Campbell	2226 E. Charleston	3 slots

THRIFTY DRUG	Harry	Tabak	317 Fremont	10 slots

THRIFTY MARKET	Mark J. Klein	1054	S. Main	3	slots

TWIN LAKES LIQUORS	Del Barkhuff, A. S.	1032	Tonopah Hwy	10	slots

Johnson, Sam W. Collins

VEGAS VACATIONERS	Glenn	Sales	209 Fremont	3	slots

THE WESTERNER	H. O.	Pepple etal	23 Fremont	101	slots

1	Roulette

2	"21"

1 Craps
1 Keno

WHIT CROSS DRUG CO. #1	W. E.	Ferron, T. H.	Brandt, 201 Fremont	4 	slots

Aurelia Scheer

WHIT CROSS DRUG CO. #2	W. E.	Ferron, T. H.	Brandt, 1700 South 5th	6	slots

H. S. Blodgett

TED WIENS TEXACO STATION	M. J.	Weins	201 South 5th	2	slots

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing applications for renewal of gaming licenses be
approved in the same status as last quarter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that there were approximately 77 gaming applications and 85
liquor licenses that have not been paid nor applied for. Discussion was held on enforcement
of the new ordinance which provides mandatory revocation of licenses if not paid by the due
date. The Commission advised the City Manager that since this was a very new ordinance that
the public should be allowed to become familiar with the provisions before rigid enforcement
is made.

At this time a letter from the Monte Carlo Club advising the Commission that sale negotiations
are underway, but further indicating that the tavern liquor license for the 3rd quarter has
been applied for, was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tavern liquor license for the Monte Carlo Club Inc., by Fred
Soly, 15 Fremont be approved for the 3rd quarter of 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Chris Tsouras, President of the Golden Slot
Club Inc., 22 Fremont for renewal of 40 slot machines be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Wilder G. Steele for license for 6 slots, 1 Craps, 1 Keno, 1 "21" and 1
Poker at the Cotton Club, 500 Jackson Avenue was considered. This application is a change
in that the names of J. A. Ewing and Lila Lee are being deleted from the license.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Wilmer G. Steele, Cotton Club, 500 Jackson
for license for 6 slot machines, 1 Craps, 1 Keno, 1 "21" and 1 Poker for the 3rd quarter of
1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application to add the name of Mel Exber to the license for
one Sports Book at the Derby Sports Book, 113 South 1st Street, presently issued in the
name of John D. Gaughan.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of John D. Gaughan and Mel Exber for license for
one Sports Book at the Derby Sports Book, 113 South 1st Street for the 3rd quarter of 1956
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commissioner considered the request of Joe Schramm and C. G. Hoover to add the name of
Frank Costanzo to the gaming license for Duffy's Tavern, 1815 South 5th Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Joe Schramm, C. G. Hoover, and Frank Costanzo
for license for 4 slot machines at Duffy's Tavern, l8l5 South 5th Street for the 3rd quarter
of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPLICATIONS
Unpaid-Not applied for
Procedure

LIQUOR LICENSE
Monte Carlo Club

GAMING APPLICATION
Renewal
Golden Slot

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Changes
Cotton Club



Derby Sports Book

Duffy's Tavern
At this time the Commissioner considered the application of the Golden Gate, 1 Fremont
for addition of John A. Harrell as partner in the gaming pit. The Police recommendation
was that this application be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Alfred Durante et al, and John A.

Harrell for license for 2 Craps, 2 "21" and 1 Roulette at the Golden Gate, 1 Fremont for
the 3rd quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Grace M. Letchworth for license for 3 slot
machines at Pinky's, 1232 South $th Street, formerly issued to Hugh & Winifred Pinkstaff
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Marie Phillips for license for one slot
machine at the Charleston Inn, 17 West Charleston be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Johnnie Lane for a license for a race book
at the Hollywood Race Book, 115 North 1st Street. The Commission was advised that inspections
had been made by the Building and Fire Departments and the premises do not meet their Codes.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Johnnie Lane dba Hollywood Race
Book, 115 North 1st Street for license for one Race Horse Book be approved subject to compliance
with the Building and Fire Codes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission reconsidered the application of Joe Kerekes for the Beer license
at the Little Giant Market, 107 St. Louis Avenue. Mayor Baker advised the Commission that
this license had previously been issued to Mr. Joe Kerekes and now was considered as a
change in that Margaret Kerekes and Howard Heckethorn are no longer interested in the business.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Joe Kerekes doing business as
the Little Giant Market, 107 St. Louis for a Beer license, cigarette license and gaming
license for 2 slot machines be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Clay Lynch from the Clark County Engineering Department was present to report on the
easement for highway right-of-way in Sections 16 and 17, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M considered
by the Commission on May 16, 1956 and June 20, 1956.

Mr. lynch reported that other property owners had been contacted and easements had been se-
cured so that the alignment of this proposed truck route now conforms to the easement
granted by the City on May 16, 1956. Mr. Lynch then presented the map to the Board showing
the proposed truck route across the City's property in these sections.

City Engineer Wade recommended this easement as now requested, be granted to Clark County.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the right-of-way across Sections 16 and 17, T21S, R61E,
MDB&M of the City's land as requested by Clark County for the proposed truck route be granted
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the deed when prepared and checked by the City
Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported on Bid No. 56.21 for the furnishing of 4 one-half ton pickup
trucks, the same having been opened on June 20, 1956, and recommended this bed be awarded
to Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Co.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. $6.21 be awarded to
Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Co. in the total amount of $5,596.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George E. Wade reported on the progress of Wells-Stewart Construction Co. on
the installation of improvements on Decatur and Charleston Blvds., and recommended the
request of the contractor for partial payment be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be accepted and payment to
Wells-Stewart Construction Co. in the total amount of $l5,436.80 approved and the warrant
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Golden Gate
Pinky's

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

Charleston Inn

Hollywood Race Book

LIQUOR, GAMING &
CIGARETTE LICENSES
Little Giant Mkt

CLARK COUNTY
TRUCK ROUTE
R/W

BID NO. 56.21
4 Pickup Trucks
Awarded

CHARLESTON & DECATUR
BLVD. IMPROVEMENT
Partial Payment to
Contractor
Commissioner Fountain moved the following meritorious salary increases as recommended by
the Civil Service Board of Trustees and the City Manager be approved effective July 1, 1956:

NAME	DEPARTMENT	STEP-TO-STEP SCHEDULE	AMOUNT

Fleming, Jane S.	Engineering	2-3	16	$244-258

Mast, Joseph	"	2-3	25	403-426

Ruffin, Robert	"	3-4	27	476-503

Ptashne, Richard	Fire	3-4	23	381-403

Wood, LaGrand	"	3-4	23	38l-403

Robinson, Gerald	"	4-5	28	532-563

Martinez, Jose J.	Cemetery	3-4	17	273-288

Benac, Frank	Park	 3-4	17	273-288

Perry, Thomas	"	3-4	20	322-341

Velasquez, Antonio	"	4-5	17	288-305

Woodbury, William	"	4-5	18	305-322

Ferris, Pauline	Finance	  2-3	17	258-273

Horner, Esther	"	4-5	20	341-360

Keller, Pearl	"	4-5	16	273-288

Felton, Leslie	Golf Course	 4-5	17	288-305

Garcia, Jose M.	"	"	2-3	20	305-322

Phillips, Loris D.	"	"	4-5	17	288-305

Cameron, William	Police	2-3	24	381-403

Deiss, Willis	"	3-4	24	403-426

Earp, Walter R. Jr.	"	2-3	24	38l-403

Goldberg, Julie	"	3-4	24	403-426

Hokanson, Gerald	"	4-5	24	426-450

Hutchinson, Robert	"	3-4	24	403-426

Jergovic, Frank	"	4-5	24	426-450

Newell, Russell	"	2-3	24	38l-403

Ruggles, Jack	"	3-4	26	450-476

Sims, Armstead	"	2-3	24	38l-403

Sleeper, John	"	4-5	24	426-450

Whitney, Michele	"	2-3	24	38l-403

Batley, Robert	Building	2-3	25	403-426

Morris, Idalee	"	3-4	17	273-288

Clark, William	Sanitation	4-5	20	34l-360

McLeod, LeRoy	"	4-5	24	426-450

Bandy, Raymond	Street	3-4	20	322-34l

Bard, Elwood	"	2-3	18	273-288

BeDunnah, Joseph	Garage	4-5	23	403-426

Wallace, Marvin	"	3-4	19	305-322

Racy, R. H.	"	4-5	22	38l-403

Pfeifer, Robert	Street	Light	4-5	23	450-476

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mrs. Sallie Murphy appeared before the Commission to register a complaint con-
cerning the new animal shelter. Mrs. Murphy advised the Commission that the new building
of the Humane Society is fine for an administration building but there is very little pro-
vision shelter and humane care for the animals.

City Manager Kennedy stated that this matter was under investigation by the City; that the
Humane Society had been put on notice concerning the renewal of their contract with the
City and the status of the building they have constructed on City land.

Thereafter the Commission requested that Mrs. Murphy contact the City Manager concerning
her complaint to see what emergency steps can be taken by the City to take care of the
animals.

Mrs. Murphy advised the Board she would be willing to sign a formal complaint if such is
required.

At the hour of 9:00 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:30 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 36.28 for the furnishing of gasoline for City
equipment be awarded to the low bidder, Texas Company.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 36.28 be awarded to
the Texas Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Manager Kennedy recommended the low bid of the Texas Company on Bid No.

36.29 for the furnishing of Diesel and Fuel Oils to the City be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Bid No. 36.29
be awarded to the Texas Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported on Bid No. 36.33 for the furnishing of automotive tires and
tubes to the City, and recommended the bid of Superior Tire Company be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Bid No. 36.33
be awarded to Superior Tire Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp. Mr. Sharp
stated his reason for voting against this motion was that he did not believe that the ware-
housing of the item was a part of the bid item.

MERITORIOUS SALARY
INCREASES

ANIMAL SHELTER

BID NO. 36.28
Gasoline
Awarded

BID NO. 36.29
Diesel & Fuel Oils
Awarded

BID NO. 36.33
Tires & Tubes
At this time City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.34 for the furnishing
of Batteries to the City be awarded to the Las Vegas Auto Parys as the most acceptable
battery for City equipment.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Bid
No. 56.34 be awarded to the Las Vegas Auto Parts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, commissioner Sharp. Commissioner
Sharp stated that he voted against this motion for the same reasons he voted against the
motion on the award of Bid No. 56.33.

Messrs. David and Albert Mengarelli were present and requested that the Commission
defer action on their application for a slot machine license at the Log Cabin Bar, 122
North 1st Street until the next meeting, due to the fact their counsel was not present.

The Commission advised the applicants that since this gaming application was made for the
location at 122 North 1st Street the matter should be discussed with the City Manager.

Commissioner Fountain moved the fee deposited by Willard J. Bren for a package liquor license
at 2007 E. Charleston be refunded and Mr. Bren advised there are no licenses available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of the Moose Lodge, 922 E. Stewart for a club
liquor license. The Commission authorized the refund of the money deposited and notification
to the applicant that this location is in violation of the ordinance which prohibits the
issuance of a liquor license within 400 feet of a church.

The City Manager requested permission to advertise for contracts on the Parking Lots
leased by the City.

Commissioner Bunker moved this authorization be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that at the meeting of June 6, 1956 award of Bid No. 56.18
for the installation of traffic signals system at South 5th and San Francisco had been made
to the low bidder subject to signing of the contract, posting of bond and a financial report.
Mr. Kennedy stated that the conditions of the award of this bid to Galland Electric had not
been met and recommended the award of said bid withdrawn pending further investigation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and the award of
Bid No. 56.18 to Galland Electric on June 6, 1956 be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston O. Hawkins introduced a resolution authorizing a surety bond
for the City in an amount not to exceed $500 for the purpose of taking immediate possession
of the land owned by Ancell G. Grown and others for the purpose of constructing Owens Avenue,
and requested adoption of the same.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas had filed an action in eminent domain against Ancell

G.	Brown and others for the purpose of constructing Owens Avenue; and

WHEREAS, the City desires immediate possession of parcel 1 as described in the Com-
plaint on file in Case No. 78483 in the Eighth Judicial District Court of the State of
Nevada in and for the County of Clark; and

WHEREAS, in order to obtain such possession it is necessary for the City to post a
bond to assure the property owner that his damages and cost will be paid, such bond to be
not less than double the value of the premises sought to be condemned.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 28th day of June, 1956, that the Mayor
and City Clerk be authorized to sign a surety bond for the City of Las Vegas as Principal
in an amount not to exceed $500 for the purpose of taking immediate possession of land
the subject of an action in eminent domain commenced by the City of Las Vegas against Ancell
G. Brown and others, such bond to be in favor of Ancell G. Brown and Connie Brown.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign agreement with Ancell
and Connie Brown for immediate occupation of the aforementioned property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the right-of-way deed for Baltimore Avenue from the Meadows
Addition east to South $th Street as submitted by Louis DuBois.

On Motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp the following resolution
is adopted and order made:

BID NO. 56.34
Batteries
Awarded

GAMING APPLICATION
LOG CABIN BAR

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
REFUND OF DEPOSIT
Bren's Liquor Store

Moose Lodge
PARKING LOT BIDS



BID NO. 56.18
Traffic Signals

OWENS AVENUE
Condemnation
Resolution



OWENS AVENUE
Condemnation
Agreement

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED
Louis DuBois
Baltimore
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On Motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, Duly seconded by Commissioner Harris
P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

HE IT RESOLVED, this 27th day of June, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 18th day of
June, 1956, executed by Louis B. DuBois and Gertrude DuBois, husband and wife to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described here-
in be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,

and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution changing the first meeting date of the
Board, scheduled on July 4th to July 10th, 1956 be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, by resolution adopted by this Board in June, 1955, regular meetings are
held the first and third Wednesdays of each month; and

WHEREAS, the first Wednesday in July is the 4th day of said month which is a national
state and city holiday; and

WHEREAS, a more convenient date for such meeting will be July 10, 1956 at the regular
hour and place of meeting of said Board,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 27th day of June, 1956, that the
next regular meeting of this Board will be at 7:30 P.M. P.D.S.T., July 10th, 1956, at
the Council Chambers in the City Hall for the transaction of such business as may come
before the Board.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution is for the next regular meeting only,
and is not intended to otherwise change regular meeting dates as prescribed by the resolution
of June 15, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that inasmuch as there is to be a change in the first meeting
of the Commission in July that the gross payroll in the estimated amount of $92,000.00
be approved and warrants authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. George Rudiak appeared on behalf of Mr. Alfred Ripps, proprietor of
Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont, and informed the Board of a proposed settlement between
Mr. Ripps and Mrs. Pauline Kline, owner of the premises, whereby Mr. Ripps would vacate
the premises by September 30, 1956. Mr. Rudiak advised that Mr. Ripps had not yet secured
another location and asked that the Board therefore agree to permit Mr. Ripps to maintain
his Retail Liquor license and Beer license on an inactive status.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED that if Alfred Ripps shall vacate the premises at 106 Fremont Street
by September 30, 1956, the City Commission will approve the transfer of his Retail Liquor
license and Beer license to 120 South 1st Street, or such other location in downtown
Las Vegas zoned for retail liquor stores as Mr. Ripps may designate and the City Commission
shall approve.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that if another location shall not be available to Mr. Ripps
for sixty (60) days following September 30, 1956 then the City Commission agrees that upon
payment of quarterly license fees, he shall have the right to keep his retail liquor license
and beer license in inactive status for not more than three (3) calendar quarters thereafter.
Provided, however, that Mr. Ripps shall not have the right to transfer or assign these rights
without express permission of the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Alfred Ripps for a gaming license for 8 slot
machines, a retail package liquor and beer license, a cigarette and general business license
for Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont for the 3rd quarter of 1956 be approved subject to the
following condition:

These licenses are issued to and pursuant to the order of the Court in the Writ of
Preliminary Injunction and are issued under protest thereof. The licenses will be
revoked promptly upon the dissolving of said injunction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Whipple
moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



 City Clerk	Mayor

RESOLUTION -Change
of July Meeting Date

PAYROLL WARRANTS



LIQUOR, GAMING &
BUSINESS LICENSES
Mike's Liquor Store


CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Date:	July 6, 1956

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada

is hereby called to be held in the______________________ of the City Hall, on the 6th day

of July, 1956, at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Purchase of property - 2nd and Mesquite and appropriation of money for
recreational facilities.

/s/ C. D. BAKER
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners

and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. Boos, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON,
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, will be held in the ________________________of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart,

on the 6th day of July, 1956, at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Purchase of property - 2nd and Mesquite and appropriation of money for re-
creational facilities.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant
and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing
notice of special meeting.

/s/

C. D. BAKER	RALSTON O. HAWKINS

HARRIS P. SHARP	A. H. KENNEDY

E. W. FOUNTAIN	R. F. BOOS

WENDELL BUNKER

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 6, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 6th day of July, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H.	Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	R. F.	Boos

As't City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

The following supervisory personnel were also present:

H.	B. Trent	Supt. of Recreation

Kenneth Hadland	Supt. of Parks & Cemetery

Kenneth Smith	Supt.	of Streets

Louis Anton	Supt.	of Sanitation

Ray Sheffer	Acting Chief of Police

George E. Wade	Director of Public Works

Elmer Gates	Fire Chief

Robert W. Notti	Dir. Publ. Records & Information

C. H. MacDonald	Supervisor of License

Art Trealease	Acting Supt. of Bldg. & Safety

Franklin Bills	Director of Planning

Harold A. Laird	Director of Finance

Howard Richcreek	Chief Accountant, Finance

PURCHASE OF PROPERTY 	City Manager Kennedy gave a report on the financial condition of the City and advised the
2nd & Mesquite	Commission that there was sufficient money on hand to take advantage of the offer of the

	Fremont Hotel, Inc. to purchase their equity in the property located on the southwest

corner of North 2nd and Mesquite, if the Commission so desires. Mr. Kennedy further re-
ported the surplus of anticipated funds was mainly due to the savings by department heads
in the operation of their individual departments.

Commissioner Bunker asked if there wasn't a decrease in the amount of revenue the City is
receiving in permit fees.

City Manager Kennedy answered that perhaps there are less permits being written in these
departments, but the average amount of fees collected is the same.
Mayor Baker indicated he was in favor of using a portion of the surplus finds for the pur-
chase of the land from the Fremont Hotel; and earmarking the remainder for recreational
purposes.

Discussion was held by the Commission as to the need for additional recreational areas, and
questioned Superintendent of Recreation; H. B. Trent as to the areas that needed such
facilities the most. Mr. Trent indicated that the West Charleston and Westside areas were
greatly lacking in such facilities.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the City proceed with plans to purchase the property
located on the southwest corner of 2nd and Mesquite Streets; and further that $50,000.00
be earmarked for recreational facilities for the West Charleston and Westside areas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy reported to the Commission on the following subjects:

1.	Easement for Highland Drive from the Union Pacific Railroad Company.

2.	Status of the animal shelter presently operated by the Clark County
Humane Society.

Commissioner Bunker then addressed the Department Heads present and commended them for the
work they are and have been doing. He indicated that the credit for the good condition
that the City is now in should go to the City Manager and the department heads. He further
stated that he was well satisfied with these employees and they could be assured that he
would assist them in any undertaking that is right.

Commissioner Sharp and Fountain stated they agreed with Commissioner Bunker's statements.

Mayor Baker then outlined some precepts by which all managerial personnel ought to be
governed. He stated that, inasmuch as we are all working for a common cause — providing
the best possible service to the public, our every action should be directed toward that
end. A general discussion followed.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting adjourned
at 5:20 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



CITY Clerk 	Mayor

CITY MANAGER
REPORTS

Highland Drive
Animal Shelter

CITY GOVERNMENT
OPERATION
Las Vegas, Nevada
July, 10, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
10th day of July, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:	

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	R. F. Boos

Asst. City Atty	Ralston O. Hawkins

Director of Planning	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for representatives of the American Linen Supply

American Linen	Company, 1001 South 1st Street to be present to show cause why the conveyor across the alley

Nuisance Abatement	behind this business should not be abated as a public nuisance, His Honor asked if there

	was anyone present representing this concern.

Attorney Herbert M. Jones was present, and stated that he was representing the American
Linen Supply Company, but that Mr. F. Oliver Gardner, general manager had not yet arrived.

Mayor Baker asked for a report from the City Attorney's office on the matter.

Thereafter Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins stated that the American Linen Company
had applied for and received a variance to build a to-story building in an R-4 zone, which
variance had been extended on two occasions for six-months periods. He further reported
that the Company had been granted permission to construct a conveyor across the alley to
transport laundry back and forth said alley, in accordance with plans submitted to the City.
Since that time, Mr. Hawkins advised, the City has received numerous complaints from surround-
ing property owners indicating that the noise involved in transporting the laundry across
the alley is loud, said conveyor is operated late at night and disturbs the peace and quiet 
of the residential area. He stated that if this is considered to be a public nuisance,
such determination must be made by the Commission; if not, it is a private nuisance and the
people in the neighborhood have their own remedy through the Court.

Mr. George Franklin, Jr., representing the adjacent property owners protested this variance
on the basis that the only notice the people had received was for the variance to construct
a two-story building, and they believed the conveyor across the alley was not only a public
nuisance, but a violation of the variance granted the American Linen.

Thereafter the following property owners spoke in protest to the operation of this con-
veyor, pointing out that it was operated during nighttime hours and, at times, into the morning
early hours. They also complained about the smell from the laundry bags stored on the
premises. They stated that in many cases they had lost tenants because the tenants could
not stand the noise. Some complaints were also voiced about the parking situation in
that employees of the laundry took up parking spaces so that the tenants were unable to
park near their residence.

Mr. John Kofahl	112½ Coolidge

Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Terry	1014 South 2nd

Mr. Childers

Mr. Herb Jones, representing the American Linen Supply Company appeared before the Commission
and stated that they did not feel this could be considered a public nuisance due to the fact
that only the adjacent property owners were objecting. He further stated that the surround-
ing property, as well as this Company, was of commercial or industrial type of operations,
and had been for a number of years.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this hearing be continued until July 18, 1956 to
allow departments of the City to make an investigation and report back on this matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

BID NO. 36.25	This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.23 for the construction

Sewage Treatment	of a Sewage Treatment Plant for the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following

Plant	firms:

Bid Opening

	JAMES T. STEWART COMPANY	$1,210,178.00

LEMBKE-CLOUGH & KING	1,109,969.36

EMIL H. KRALL	1,186,996.70

FRED J. EARLY,	JR. CO. IN.	1,145,701.00

DAVIS & BUTLER	CONST. CO.	1,152,582.25

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Public Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.
This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.31 for the construction
of a Rehabilitation Farm for the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following
firms:

JAMES T. STEWART CO.	$57,000.00

PAUL SMITLEY	42,695.00

WILLARD TERRY CONST. CO.	44,585.73

SHELTON MILL & CONSTRUCTION	49,953.00

ARDEN BUILDING CORP.	49,960.00

SIMPSON & MATHER	43,588.00

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Public
Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the	time heretofore	set	for the	opening of	Bid	No.	56.32	for the	construction	of

an addition to	the City Jail, bids	were received from	the	following	firms:

BEN O. DAVEY	$94,247.00

J. A. TIBERTI	101,971.00

SIERRA CONST. CO.	94,645.00

PLEWE CONSTRUCTION CO.	132,890.00

LEMBKE-CLOUGH & KING	99,990.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Public
Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the	time heretofore	set	for the	opening of	Bid	No.	56.35	for the	furnishing	of

fertilizer for	the City of Las	 Vegas, bids	were received from	the following	firms:

SILVER STATE CHEMICAL CO.	NEVADA IRON & METALS

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	DESERT NURSERY

GARDEN CENTER	PARADISE TROPICAL GARDENS

ADAMS FEED CO.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Public
Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.36 for the furnishing of
grass seed to the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following firms.

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	DESERT NURSERY

ADAMS FEED CO.	GARDEN CENTER

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Public
Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of William Singleton to convert into professional
offices the rear two (2) units of all fourplexes presently existing in the 2000 block of
East Charleston Boulevard, between Eastern and Crestwood Avenues, legally described as
Lots 11 through 17, Crestwood Homes Subdivision #5. The recommendation of the Board of
Zoning Adjustment was that this application for a use permit in an R-4 zone be approved
subject to the installation of improvements on Charleston Boulevard.

Planning Director Franklin Bills advised the Commission that the agreement for the afore-
mentioned installation of improvements on Charleston Boulevard had been signed but the
bond for said improvements had not been filed at the present time.

His Honor asked if there were any objection. None were voiced.

Mr. William Singleton was present and assured the Board that this required bond would be
filed.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for use permit be approved subject to the filing
of the required bond, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting recessed on the 10th day of July, 1956, having considered the application of William
Singleton for use permit to convert into professional offices the rear two (2) units of
all fourplexes presently existing in the 2000 block of East Charleston Boulevard, between
Eastern and Crestwood Avenues, legally described as Lots 11 through 17, Crestwood Homes
Subdivision #5, subject to installation of improvements on Charleston Boulevard; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the installation of improvements on Charleston Boulevard;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of William Singleton
for use permit to convert into professional offices the rear two (2) units of all fourplexes
presently existing in the 2000 block of East Charleston Boulevard, between Eastern and
Crestwood Avenue, be approved subject to the installation of improvements on Charleston
Boulevard and the filing of the required performance bond for said improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

7-10-56

BID NO. 56.31
Rehabilitation
Farm

Bid Opening

BID NO. 56.32
Addition to City
Jail

Bid Opening

BID NO. 56.35
Fertilizer
Bid Opening

BID NO. 56.36
Seed

Bid Opening

USE PERMIT - U-31-56
William Singleton
The Commission considered the application of Thresa Cardinal for a use permit to build
maintain and operate a mortuary on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and North Main Streets.
The property is a parcel of land containing 1.2h acres in that portion of the NE¼ of the
NE¼ of Sec. 27, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, lying south and adjacent to Foremaster Lane and approxi-
mately half-way between North 5th and North Main Streets in a C-2 zone.

The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was that this application for use permit
be approved subject to the plot plan as submitted being amended by the Traffic Engineer
and the installation of off-site improvements as specified by the Engineering Department.

Planning Director Bills reported that the agreement for the installation of the aforementioned
improvements had been signed, but the bond had not been filed at the present time. He
recommended approval of this application subject to the filing of said bond.

His Honor asked if there were any objection to this use permit. None were voiced. Mr.

Bills reported there had been protests from three property owners, namely, David Bliss,

Harold Case and Vegas Village Shopping Center.	

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be approved subject to the
filing of the required bond, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a re-
gular meeting on the 10th day of July, 1956, having considered the application of Thresa
Cardinal for a use permit to build, maintain and operate a mortuary on Foremaster Lane
between North 5th and North Main Streets; the property being a parcel of land containing
1.24 acres in that portion of NE¼ of the NE¼ of Sec. 27, T20s, R61E, MDB&M, lying south
and adjacent to Foremaster Lane and approximately halfway between North 5th and North Main
Streets in a C-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the plot plan being submitted as amended by the Traffic Engineer
and the installation of off-site improvements as specified by the Engineering Department;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of Theresa Cardinal
for use permit to build, maintain and operate a mortuary on Foremaster Lane between North
5th and North Main Streets, the property being a parcel of land containing 1.24 acres in
that portion of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Sec. 27, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, lying south and adjacent
to Foremaster Lane, approximately halfway between North 5th and North Main Streets in a
C-2 zone, be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment and
the filing of the required performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time consideration was given to the application of Carl L. Hyde for a variance to
construct guest rooms on a parcel of ground adjoining his residence at 1001 Bedford Road.

This property is legally described as beginning at a point 445.42 feet north and on the
east line of the SE comer of Hyde Park #1, thence East 210 feet, south 163 feet, West 210
feet, North 163 feet to a point of beginning, in an R-1 zone.

The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was that this variance be denied. Mr. Bills
explained that the Board of Adjustment felt it was not proper to grant by variance what
should be done by rezoning, and that the construction of guest houses in an R-1 zone was
not in keeping with this type of zone.

Mr. Carl Hyde was present and explained to the Commission that he felt his application was
unique in that this request for variance was property adjoining his home. He further pointed
out that the Union Pacific Railroad Company water tank adjoined his property on the other
side.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on July 10, 1956, having considered the application of Carl L. Hyde for variance
to construct guest rooms on a parcel of ground adjoining his residence at 1001 Bedford Road,
this property being legally described as beginning at a point 445.42 feet north and on the
east line of the SE corner of Hyde Park #1, thence East 210 feet, south 163 feet, West 210
feet, North 163 feet to a point of beginning in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of Carl L. Hyde
for variance to construct guest rooms on a parcel of ground adjoining his residence at
1001 Bedford Road, this property being legally described as beginning at a point 445.42
feet north and on the east line of the SE corner of Hyde Park #1, thence East 210 feet,
south 163 feet, West 210 feet, North 163 feet to a point of beginning in an R-1 zone,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of A. C. Delkin for a variance to construct
a building to house laundry and dry cleaning establishment on the northeast corner of 13th
and Carson, being legally described as Lots 10 and 11, Block 10, Ladd's Addition, in a
C-1 zone.

This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to the installation of
off-site improvements, and the filing of the required performance bond.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that the bond had not yet been filed, but he recommended
the application be approved subject to this condition.

His Honor asked if there were any objection. None were voiced.

USE PERMIT -U-32-56
Theresa Cardinal

VARIANCE -V-7-56
Carl Hyde



VARIANCE -V-8-56
A. C. Delkin
Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved; subject
to the filing of the required bond, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on July 10, 1956, having considered the application of A. C. Delkin for variance
to construct a building to house laundry and dry cleaning establishment on the NE corner
of 13th and Carson, being legally described as Lots 10 and 11, Block 10, Ladd's Addition
in a C-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to installation of off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that this application of A. C. Delkin
for variance to construct a building to house laundry and dry cleaning establishment on
the NE corner of 13th and Carson, being legally described as Lots 10 and 11, Block 10,

Ladd's addition in a C-1 zone, be approved subject to conditions set forth by the Board
of Adjustment and the filing of the required performance bond for said off-site improvements
installation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Fountain passed his
vote. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of John Diflour for a variance to construct an
addition to an existing duplex to within 17 feet of the rear lot line at 1209 Exley Avenue,
described as Lot 34, Block 2, Francisco Park #1. The Board of Adjustment recommended
approval of this application for variance in an R-2 zone.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of John Diflour for variance be
approved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on July 10, 1956, having considered the application of John Diflour for variance
to construct an addition to an existing duplex to within 17 feet of the rear lot line at
1209 Exley Avenue, described as Lot 3b, Block 2, Francisco Park #1, in an R-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of John Difloure
for variance to construct an addition to an existing duplex to within 17 feet of the rear
lot line at 1209 Exley Avenue, described as Lot 34, Block 2, Francisco Park #1, in an R-2
zone, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the request of Dr. Charles I. West for an extension of time to
continue the operation of a doctor's office in an R-1 zone at 605 Wyatt Avenue, described
as Lot 25, Block 3, Berkley Square. The Commission was advised the original variance was
granted on December 1, 1954 for a period of one year and had extended this variance on
two occasions.

The Board of Adjustment approved this request for extension subject to the stipulation
that Dr. West be officially advised that under no circumstances will the Commission con-
sider any further extensions and that Dr. West will not be granted a business license at
this location beyond this six months period.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Dr. Charles I. West for extension of
his variance to conduct a doctor's office at 605 Wyatt Avenue for six (6) months be approved,
subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given at this time to the petition of vacation of a portion of Park
Circle, a street in Westwood Park Tract No. 2.

Commissioner Whipple moved this petition for vacation of a portion of Park Circle be re-
ferred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Director of Planning, Franklin Bills presented the tentative map of the resubdivision of
Westwood Park #2, and advised the Board that the Planning Commission had approved this
map subject to the following conditions:

1.	Approval of the vacation of the cul-de-sac in Park Circle, after
proper public hearings.

2.	Signed approval from all property owners and lien holders in
Westwood Park #2.

3.	Full compliance with the Subdivision ordinance.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this tentative map of the resubdivision of Westwood
Park #2 be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Planning Commission-.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

VARIANCE -V-9-56
John Difloure

VARIANCE -V-6O-54
Dr. Charles I. West
Extension

WESTWOOD PARK #2
Resubdivision
Petition for Vacation

WESTWOOD PARK #2
Resubdivision
Tentative Map
Planning Director Franklin Bills presented a resolution requesting the reservation of
capital grant funds and approving the undertaking of surveys and plans for an urban renewal
project. Mr. Bills explained that this resolution also authorized the filing of an appli-
cation for federal advance of funds. He briefly outlined that the cost of preparing surveys
and plans for the urban renewal project on the Westside of Las Vegas was estimated at
$54,177.00. He further stated that the application requests the Government to reserve
capital grant funds for the proposed project in an amount not to exceed $694,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the following resolution be adopted and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign said application for an advance of funds from the U.S. Govern-
ment for the surveys and plans for the City of Las Vegas urban renewal project:

A RESOLUTION REQUESTING THE RESERVATION OF CAPITAL GRANT FUNDS, APPROVING THE
UNDERTAKING OF SURVEYS AND PLANS FOR AN URBAN RENEWAL PROJECT, AND THE FILING
OF AN APPLICATION FOR FEDERAL ADVANCE OF FUNDS.

WHEREAS, under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended, and the Housing
Act of 1954, the Housing and Home Finance Administrator is authorized to extend financial
assistance to localities in the elimination and prevention of the spread of their slums
and urban blight through the planning and undertaking of urban renewal projects; and

WHEREAS, it is desirable and in the public interest that the City of Las Vegas
prepare surveys and plans, presently estimated to cost approximately $54,177.00 in order
to undertake and carry out an urban renewal project of the character contemplated by
Section 110 (c) of said Title I, in that certain area, proposed as an Urban Renewal Area,
situated in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and State of Nevada, and described as
follows:

Beginning at the intersection of the North line of Owens Avenue, and the West
line of "J" Street; thence easterly along the North line of Owens Avenue to its
intersection with the Union Pacific Railroad right-of-way; thence Southerly along
the West line of said railroad right-of-way to the intersection of the South line
of West Bonanza Road; thence Westerly along the South line of West Bonanza Road
to the intersection of "H" Street; thence Northerly along the West line of "H"

Street to the intersection of West Washington Avenue; thence Westerly along the
South line of West Washington Avenue to the intersection of "J" Street; thence
Northerly along the West line of "J" Street to the point of beginning.

WHEREAS, the above-cited Federal law requires as a condition to the execution of
a contract for a loan and capital grant for an urban renewal project that the locality
present to the Housing and Home Finance Administrator a workable program, as set forth
in section 101 (c) of said Title I, for utilizing appropriate public and private resources
to eliminate and prevent the development or spread of, slums and urban blight, to encourage
needed urban rehabilitation, to provide for the redevelopment of blighted, deteriorated,
or slum areas or to undertake such other feasible community activities as may be suitably
employed to achieve the objectives of such a program; and

WHEREAS, it is recognized that contracts for loans and capital grants for urban
renewal projects will require, among other things, (l) the approval of the urban renewal
plan by the governing body of the locality in which the project is situated; (2) the pro-
vision of local grants-in-aid which may consist of donations of cash, land, demolition
or removal work, and the installation, construction or reconstruction of streets, utilities,
parks, playgrounds or other improvements or the provision of other public buildings or
facilities; and (3) the development of a feasible method for the relocation of families
displaced from the urban renewal area.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners:

Section 1. That the proposed Urban Renewal Area described above is a slum, blighted, deteriorated
or deteriorating area appropriate for an urban renewal project and that the undertaking by
the City of Las Vegas of surveys and plans for an urban renewal project of the character
contemplated by Section 110 (c) of the Housing Act of l949, as amended and supplemented,
in the proposed Urban Renewal Area described above, is hereby approved.

Section 2. That the financial assistance provided under said Title I to assist urban renewal
projects is needed and that the Housing and Home Finance Administrator is hereby re-
guested to reserve for an urban renewal project in the proposed Urban Renewal Area described
above Federal capital grant funds in an amount sufficient to enable the City of Las Vegas
to finance the undertaking of the project.

Section 3. That it is cognizant of the conditions that are imposed in the undertaking
and carrying out of urban renewal projects with Federal financial assistance under Title I,
including the requirements of said Title I respecting the workable program mentioned
above, and that it is the sense of this body (a) that a feasible method for the relocation
of families displaced from the urban renewal area, in conformity with said Title I, can be
prepared, and (b) that local grants-in-aid, consisting of donations of cash, land, demolition
or removal work, and the installation, construction or reconstruction of streets, utilities,
parks, playgrounds or other improvements or the provision of other public buildings or
facilities, necessary for carrying out in the Urban Renewal Area the urban renewal objectives,
of said Title I in accordance with the urban renewal plan, can and will be provided in an
amount which will not be less than one-third of the net project cost and which, together with
the Federal capital grant, will be generally equal to the difference between gross project
costs and the proceeds or value of project land sold, leased or retained for use in accordance
with the urban renewal plan.

Section 4. That the filing of an application by the City of Las Vegas for an advance of funds
from the United States of America in an amount not to exceed $54,177.00 for surveys and plans
for an urban renewal project in the urban renewal area described above is hereby approved, and
that the Mayor is hereby authorized and directed to execute and file such application with the
Housing and Home Finance Administrator, and to provide such additional information and to
furnish such documents as may be required by said Administrator, and to act as the authorized
representative of the City of Las Vegas.

URBAN RENEWAL
Resolution Authorizing
Application for Federal
Grant
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission commended Mr. Bills and other Departments who have worked on this work for
the fine report on this project.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 293 through 818 in the net amount
of $76,164.78 be approved.

Motion -seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 7077 through 7219 and 7221
through 7239 in the total amount of $62,543.12 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of June 8, 20, and 27, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the City Attorney for a leave of absence for two
weeks, commencing July 9, 1956, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At the hour of 8:45 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:l5 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

City Engineer George E. Wade reported that the installation of the storm drain on Stage I
of the Washington Street Improvement has been completed and the notice of completion filed,
on June 1, 1956. He recommended the request of the contractor for payment of the retention
due on this contract be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and payment
of $473.64 to Wells Cargo, Contractor on Stage I of the Washington Street Improvement be
authorized and warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution accept-
ing the deed from the U. S. Government to the City of Las Vegas for the property occupied
by Sewage Disposal Plant Nos. 1 and 2.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and
carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 21st day of
March, 1950, executed by the Administrator of General Services of the United States for
Project No. NEV. 26-116F and recorded on June 15, 1956 as Document #80771 in Book 97 of
Official Records in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, wherein the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada is the grantee and the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this Resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

** RESOLUTION ACCEPTING RELEASE**

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried
the following resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, that the Release dated the 21st day of March, 1950, executed by the Ad-
ministrator of General Services of the United States for Project No. Nev 26-116F and recorded
June 11, 1956 as Document #80771 in the official records in the Office of the County Recorder
of Clark County, State of Nevada, and this Resolution filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from the Clark County School District for a
35 foot right-of-way on D Street, 25 foot right-of-way on Frederick Avenue and a 25 foot
right-of way on Alexander Avenue in the vicinity of the Kit Carson School.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried unan-
imously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

PAYROLL WARRANTS



  SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

 MINUTES

LEAVE OF ABSENCE
City Attorney

WASHINGTON STREET
IMPROVEMENT

STORM DRAIN

Payment to Contractor

SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANTS
Nos. 1 & 2

Resolution Accepting
Deed

Resolution Accepting
Release

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPT-
ING R/W DEEDS

Clark County School
District
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

EE IT RESOLVED; this 10th day of July, 1956; by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 28th day of June,
1956, executed by Las Vegas Union School District now known as the Clark County School 
District to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

EE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Commission considered the quitclaim deed from the Home Investment Co.
of Long Beach, California for a portion of 25th Street at the intersection of Bonanza
Road.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made: 

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 1st
day of June, 1956, executed by Home Investment Company of Long Beach, California, to the 
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Shirley Ballinger for right-of-way on Pinto
Lane at the intersection of Rose Street.	

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 27th day of
June, 1956, executed by Shirley Ballinger, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the easement for sewer along the northerly five (5) feet of
lot 16, Block 2, Biltmore Addition dedicated by J. V. and Mattie Giasson.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried	

unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 29th day of
March, 1956, executed by Joseph V. Giasson and Mattie E. Giasson, husband and wife, to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the agreement from the Union Pacific Railroad Company
concerning the deeding of an easement for Highland Drive between Bonanza Road and
Charleston Boulevard.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the reason the Union Pacific presented the
dedication in the form of an easement instead of a right-of-way deed was as follows:

1. In order to grant a deed to the City, the three railroad companies, namely the
UPRR, Salt Lake and Oregon lines would have to negotiate and place the property
up for sale.

2.	The UPRR was willing to agree that in the event the City creates an assessment
district for the improvement of Highland Drive, that upon proper notice, they
will install and pay for said improvements. Further, in the event the UPRR does
not comply with this provision of the agreement, the City can assess them when
an improvement district is formed.

3.	The proposed easement would grant the City permission to have right-of-way for
streets, water, sewer and all public utilities.

Thereafter Mr. Kennedy recommended that the proposed agreement with the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company be approved and signatures authorized conditioned upon the receipt of the ease-
ment from this company.

25th Street

Pinto Lane

Biltmore Addition



HIGHLAND DRIVE
Agreement with UPRR
For Easement
Commissioner Fountain moved the agreement between the Union Pacific Railroad Company and
the City concerning the easement for Highland Drive be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same when the easement has been received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of Albre Hughes for a Beer license for Al's
Cafe, 410 West Bonanza, said license formerly issued to Donald Laughlin dba Laughlin's
Cafe.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Albre Hughes for a Beer License for Al's
Cafe, 410 W. Bonanza be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the request of O. L. Parry dba Playland Bar for permission to hold
the tavern liquor license in an inactive status. City Manager Kennedy explained that the
building which was formerly known as the Playland Arcade and Bar situated at 131 South 1st
Street has been demolished and there is presently being constructed a building to house the
Bank of Nevada. He further advised the Board that negotiations are underway for the Playland
Arcade and Bar to operate a bar and incidental businesses on the northeast corner of 1st
and Fremont.

Mr. Kennedy explained that Dr. Parry was aware of the fact that the proposed new location
would have to be approved by all City Departments concerned prior to the Playland Arcade
being permitted to operate at the proposed new location of 1st and Fremont.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the request of O. L. Parry dba Playland Bar for per-
mission to hold his tavern liquor license in inactive status until the proposed new location
at 1st and Fremont is ready for occupancy, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for renewal of gaming licenses for
the 3rd quarter of 1956 be approved in the same status as they were proceeding quarter:

GAMING APPLICATIONS

A. RENEWALS

ATOMIC LIQUOR STORE       Jack & Virginia Barrett	917 Fremont	6 slots

Joe & Stella Sobchick

BONANZA LIQUOR	STCRE      P. J. & John Buckley	418	W. Bonanza	2	slots

BOTTLE HOUSE	P. J. & John Buckley	827	South 5th	1	slot

BROWN DERBY	P. J. Jefferson	320	Monroe	4	slots

1	Craps
1 "21"

2	Poker

CIRCUS ROOM	Gordon L. Gordon	323 Fremont	8	slots

CLUB LOUISIANA	Louisianna Ventures Inc.	1332 North F	4	slots

By Clayton B. Mar	1 RH Keno

2 "21"

1 Chuck-a-Luck
1 Poker

COFFEE BOB'S	Richard H. Keele	127	South 2nd	1	slot

COMMERCE DRUG CO.	Fred Kersch &	302	E. Charleston	2	slots

Edward L. Royce

COMMUNITY GROCERIES	P. J. & John Buckley	1208 D. Street	2	slots

COREY'S FINE FOODS	John D. & J. C. Corey	402 Fremont	4	slots

CORK 'N BOTTLE	P. J. & John Buckley	308 Fremont	3	slots

DESERT INN LIQUOR STR.    George Pappas	1307 South 3th	2	slots

ECONOMY FUEL & ICE CO.	C. R. Millhizer	422 Jefferson	1	slot

FAMILY MARKET	Seth Dole & J. Walker	1109 Stewart	3	slots

FOOD CENTER	Harry Levy	770 Fremont	3	slots

FOXY'S 	Abe Fox	2423 South 3th	3	slots

FREMONT DRUG	By: H. G. Parvin	610 Fremont	7	slots

FREMONT HOTEL, INC.	By: Edward Levinson	200 Fremont	283	slots

10 Craps
12 "21"
4 Roulette
1 Big 6 Wheel

1	RH Keno
6 Pan

Poker

FRIENDLY LIQUOR	Harry Levy	6l6 W. Bonanza	6	slots

GILBERT BROS.	H.V.T. Gilbert	320-22 W. Bonanza	3	slots

GILBERT BROS. GROCERY     H.V.T. Gilbert	400 W. Bonanza	4	slots

HAMBURGER HEAVEN	Tom Rolofson	1213 E. Street	3	slots

JERRY'S SNACK BAR	Mary Nicosci	407 Fremont	4	slots

LAS VEGAS CLUB	Scherer-Hall & Vander Steen      18 Fremont	309	slots

2	Craps
2 "21"

1 Big 6 Wheel
1 Roulette

LITTLE KITCHEN	Del Barkhuff	1608 Fremont	2	slots

LUCKY 13 CLUB	John A. Harrell &	13 Fremont	20	slots

Cecil Lynch

MELODIE LANE INC.	Tom & Wilma Panos	234 Fremont	3	slots

PROFESSIONAL DRUG	Charles Thompson	421 Fremont	1	slot

RANDLES CAFE	C. R. Millhizer	1331	North	F	1	slot

RED X DRUG	C. R. Millhizer	1418	South	3th	3	slots

RINGSIDE LIQUOR STORE	Del Barkhuff	l5l6	South	3th	6	slots

CUT RATE LIQUOR STORE     Tom Rolofson	132 South 3th	3	slots

SUNSET LIQUORS	Del Barkhuff	1027	South	Main	1	slot

SUNSET LIQUOR STORE	Keith S. Richards	1027	South	Main	6	slots

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner
Al's Cafe

LIQUOR LICENSE
Transfer of Location
Playland Bar

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals
TATUM BARBECUE	P. J. & John Buckley	420 Jackson 	1 slot

TOWN TAVERN	Tom Rolofson	600 Jackson	5	slots

TOWN TAVERN	Earl Turmon	600 Jackson	1	Craps

1 "21"

2 Poker

TWIN LAKES LODGE	P. J. & John Buckley	Tonopah Highway	1	slot

WESTERN LIQUOR STORE	M. C. Britton	6 E. Charleston	^	slots

WESTSIDE SHOPPING CNTR.	Ellsworth & Helen	Baker	1315 D. Street	1	slot

WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM     C. E. & Vivian Wilson	  517 South 5th	2 slots

WITTWER CAFE	Ray Knearl	720 North Main	4 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of H. O. Pepple, et al for license for one
additional Crap Table at the Westerner, 23 Fremont Street for the 3rd quarter of 1956 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Vegas Enterprises Co. for license for 2 slot
machines at Nick's 5th Avenue Drug, 1239 South 5th Street for the 3rd quarter of 1956 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of ciga-
rettes and tobacco products be approved:

CAL NEVA MOTEL	1519	South	5th	W. E. Carlton

PINKY'S	1232	South	5th	Grace M. Letchworth

SAVEWAY SERVICE	STA.	1736	South	5th	Jack E. Cason

WALLY'S MUFFLER	SHOP	l431	South	Main	Wally Edwards

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested that the Commission fix the price on 2.051 acres proposed to
be sold to the Housing Authority, said property being adjacent to Marble Manor, on Washington
Avenue.

After discussion the Commission tentatively set the price on this property at $2500.00 per acre.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution concerning the re-investment of proceeds
from the sale of four general obligation bonds issues be adopted.

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has available the sum of $1,017,431.35 from the
proceeds of the sale of four general obligation bond issues, which sum is not immediately
necessary for the purpose of paying construction cost for the projects authorized by said
bond issues; and

WHEREAS, Eastman-Dillon & Co. of 107 South Third Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, has
agreed to act as an agent for the City of Las Vegas for the investment of said sum in
United States Treasury Certificates maturing December 1, 1956, which certificates will pay
the City interest of 2 5/8%.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 10th day of July, 1956, that the said
City shall invest the sum of $1,017,431.35 in United States Treasury Certificates maturing
December 1, 1956, and paying interest in the amount of 2 5/8%.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Treasurer and all other necessary City Officials
and they are hereby authorized, to forward said sum to Eastman-Dillon & Company for said
purpose.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to increase the imprested funds of the City
Treasurer from $2,000.00 to $3,000.00 Mr. Kennedy explained the necessity for doing this
is that during the summer months there are frequent requests for advance of salary earned
by employees leaving for vacation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and the City
Treasurer's Imprested Fund be increased from $2,000.00 to $3,000.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.22 for the installation of
approximately 3000 feet of sanitary sewers in Sunrise Park be awarded to the low bidder,

George E. Miller.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Bid No.

56.22 be awarded to George E. Miller in the total amount of $9,323.50.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

GAMING APPLICATION
New Location

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS

PROPOSED SALE OF
LAND

Housing Authority
Marble Manor

RE-INVESTMENT OF
CAPITAL FUNDS
Resolution

IMPRESTED FUNDS
City Treasurer



BID NO. 56.22
Sunrise Park Sewer
Commissioner Bunker moved that bids for the construction of the proposed new fire
stations on East and West Charleston Boulevard be opened on August 15, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request for partial payment on the purchase of 12,000
feet of 2½" fire hose in the total amount of $24,5l6.00 to Seagrave Company, and recommended
approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and the
warrant to Seagrave Company in the amount of $24,516.00 approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the request of the Fire Department to purchase a used fire truck
from the Seagrave Company in the amount of $600.00. City Manager Kennedy recommended
approval of this request and advised the Commission that this piece of equipment would
be used as reserve apparatus. He further explained that the truck has been turned to
Seagrave Company by the City and had been allowed $1200.00 in trade.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and authori-
zation granted for the purchase of this piece of fire fighting equipment from the Seagrave
Company in the total amount of $600.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 7241 in the total amount of
$2500.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported to the Commission at this time that investigations had been
made concerning the operation of the animal shelter by the Clark County Humane Society.

He stated that the request of the City for an audit of the financial status of the Society
as to what moneys had been spent in the construction of the new building, where this money
had been derived from and how much money would be coming in toward the operation of the
shelter was not ready and would not be so for several days. Mr. Kennedy stated that the
City had been requested to provide and construct kennels for 40 dogs and 30 cats, certain
electrical installations for cooling and toilet facilities and to hire additional personnel.

He advised the Commission that electrical installations had been made and qualified
personnel had been recommended for employment.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that the City take over the operation of the animal shelter for a
period of ninety days, during which time the shelter could be put in a workable condition
so that bids can be secured for a new contract for the operation of said animal shelter.

Mrs. Sallie Murphy was present and urged that the City also consider the operation of the
animal shelter from the standpoint of those people who are true animal lovers. Mrs.

Murphy suggested that five people interested in animal welfare work be appointed to assist
the City in the operation of the shelter during this 90 day period.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved and he be authori-
zed to request the services of anybody to assist him in the management of the animal shelter
for 90 days; further that the Clark County Humane Society be notified their contract with
the City is terminated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to apply for the water rights of the McNeil well
in order that the City can obtain additional water needs for the Golf Course. Mr. Kennedy
stated that Mr. Thomas Beam was willing to deed his rights in the McNeil well to the
City for $1,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that authorization be granted to pay Thomas Beam
$1,000.00 for a acquisition of the deed for this water right, subject to the approval of
the State Engineer of the application for change in the point of diversion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following salary increases be supervisory personnel, effective
July 1, 1956:

Kennedy, A. H.	City Manager	$1,250.00

Boos, Robert F.	Administrative Asst.	700.00

Notti, Robert W.	Dir. Public Records

and Information	700.00

Wade, George E.	Dir. Public Works	1,000.00

Trelease, Arthur	Act. Supv. Building

and Safety	700.00

Bessent, C. L.	City Electrician	550.00

Anton, Louis	Supt. of Sanitation	700.00

Maynard, Louis P.	Maintenance Supt.	500.00

Bills, Franklin J.	Director of Planning	850.00

Sheffer, Ray	Acting Chief of Police	800.00

Gates, Elmer	Fire Chief	800.00

Laird, Harold	Director of Finance	750.00

Hadland, Kenneth	Superintendent of Parks	625.00

Trent, H. B.	Supt. of Recreation	625.00

Ballinger, Shirley	City Clerk	300.00

McKinster, Reba	City Librarian	475.00

Walker, Margaret	City Treasurer	410.00

Smith, Ken	Acting supt. Street &	Garage	700.00

FIRE STATIONS - NEW
Call for Construction
Bids

FIRE HOSE

Purchase Authorized

FIRE TRUCK
Purchase Authorized

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANT

ANIMAL SHELTER
&

CLARK COUNTY HUMANE
SOCIETY CONTRACT

GOLF COURSE WELL
Water Rights
McNeil Well

SALARY INCREASES
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Attorneys David Zenoff, Calvin Cory and John Sullivan appeared on behalf of
their clients, Market Town, Fremont Drug and Thriftimart, respectively and requested the
Commission's re-consideration of the portion of the Liquor Ordinance that prohibits the
sale of half-pints and miniatures by package liquor licenses in drugstores, shopping centers
and grocery stores.

Mr. Zenoff pointed out that Market Town had been permitted to sell less than one-pint prior
to July 1st of this year and at the present time had stock on hand that could not be re-
turned to the wholesale liquor distributors.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that a new ordinance be redrawn to effect an amend-
ment to allow all package liquor stores to sell half-pints.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp. Commissioner 
Whipple and Mayor Baker passed their vote.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner Bunker moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp. 

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:



City Clerk

LIQUOR ORDINANCE
Package Liquor
Las Vegas, Nevada
July 18, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
18th day of July, 1956, was called to roder at the hour of 7:35 P.M. with the following
members present:

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Fountain moved that in the absence of Mayor Baker and Mayor Pro-Tem Whipple,
Commissioner Bunker be appointed as Acting Mayor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker and Commissioner
Whipple

Acting Mayor Bunker then announced that this was the time set for the continuation of the
public hearing on the nuisance of the conveyor across the alley behind the American Linen
Supply Compary at 1001 South 1st Street, and requested the Attorney for this Company to
report on what progress had been made since the hearing held on July 10, 1956.

Mr. Herb Jones appeared on behalf of the American Linen Supply Company and advised the
Commission that the noise at this location is such that it does disturb the people in the
neighborhood. He stated that he had conferred with George Franklin, Jr., attorney for
those property owners requesting the abatement of this nuisance to see what can be done.

Mr. Jones requested that the Commission continue this hearing for a period of ninety
(90) days so that engineers can be called in to determine what can be done to eliminate
the noise, or what other measures can be taken to relieve the situation.

Mr. George Franklin appeared at this time and advised the Commission that his clients
were willing to allow a reasonable amount of time for the American Linen to correct this
problem. He assured the Board that these property owners do not want to harass the
American Linen Company, they merely want quiet. He indicated they would be agreeable with
a continuance of this hearing, if this Company will start immediately, in good faith to
correct this nuisance. He requested that if the Commission does grant a continuance, that
a time limit be set at night during which this conveyor is operated.

Mr. Jones stated that the American Linen would not operate the conveyor past 8:30 P.M.

Commissioner Sharp moved this hearing be continued, and the American Linen Supply Company
requested to submit a report to the Commission on August l5th and another report on
September 15th, 1956 as to the progress being made to correct this situation; further
that during this interim period that the operation of the conveyor be shut down at 8:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple
and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that due to the fact there is not a full Board present, the
following items be continued until the next regular meeting on August 1, 1956;

1.	Rezoning application of the UPRR (Z-6-56) for rezoning from R-3 to M-1
of the NW¼, SE¼, SE¼, Sec. 28-20-61 and from M-1 to R-4 of the E 200'
of the NW¼ Sec. 33 and the S710' of the E200' of the SW¼ Sec. 28-20-61.

2.	The plan of the UPRR for the development of their property generally
described as that land lying between Bonanza Road, Vegas Creek, UPRR
tracks and Highland Drive.

3.	Petition for the vacation of the cul-de-sac in Park Circle, Westwood
Park No. 2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple
and Mayor Baker.

Planning Director Franklin Bills reported on the recommendation of the Planning Commission
that no change be made in the ordinance to allow wedding chapels in a C-1 zone.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be approved and no
change in the ordinance be made at this time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker, voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Action on the tentative plan for a street numbering system was deferred until the next
regular meeting of Commission on August 1, 1956.

ACTING MAYOR
Appointed

PUBLIC HEARING
American Linen
Nuisance Abatement

REZONING (Z-6-56)
UPRR DEVELOPMENT FLAN
VACATION OF PARK
CIRCLE

Matters Continued

WEDDING CHAPELS

STREET NUMBERING
Tentative Plan
At this time the Commission considered the petition protesting the granting of the variance
to Carl Hyde to construct guest rooms on a parcel of land adjoining his residence at 1001
Bedford Road, which was approved by the Commission on July 10, 1956.

The Assistant City Attorney advised the Commission that this petition filed was not in
proper order since none of the signers had protested at the original hearing held by the
Board of Adjustment.

Acting Mayor Bunker announced to thos protestants present that in order to secure further
action on this matter that a petition in proper form would have to be filed no later than
July 20, 1956.

Those present who objected to the granting of this variance and appeared before the Board 
in this regard were:

Mr. Arthur Thomas	H200 W. Charleston

Mrs. Carolyn M. Miller	1025* Bedford Road

City Engineer Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.35 for the furnishing of fertilizer to the
City of Las Vegas be awarded to the low bidder, Clark County Wholesale in the amount of
$9,067.88.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and Bid No.

56.35 awarded to Clark County Wholesale.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple
and Mayor Baker.

At this time City Engineer Wade made the recommendation that the low bid of Garden Center
in the amount of $2,243.50 for Bid No. 56.36, grass seed for the City, be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and Bid
No. 56.36 awarded to the Garden Center.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye: noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple and Mayor Baker.

City Engineer Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.31 for the construction of the rehabilitation
Farm Building be awarded to the low bidder, Paul Smitley in the total amount of $43,247.00,
subject to the furnishing of the required performance and labor bonds.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and Bid No.

56.31 awarded to Paul Smitley Company in the total amount of $43,247.00, subject to filing
of the necessary bonds and other specified requirements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple and Mayor Baker.

The City Engineer recommended that Bid No. 56.32 for the construction of additions and
remodeling of the City Jail be awarded to the low bidder, Ben O. Davey Construction
Company, based on Alternate Nos. B-1 and B-2, in the total amount of $104,830.00.

Mr. Wade advised the Commission that the next low bidder on this project was Sierra
Construction Company in the total amount of $104,885.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Engineer that Bid No. 56.32
be awarded to Ben O. Davey Construction Company, based on Alternate Nos. B-1 and B-2
in the total amount of $104,830.00, subject to the filing of the necessary bonds and
other specified requirements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

City Engineer Wade requested that the award of Bid No. 56.18 for the installation of a
traffic signal system and street lighting project be held until a later portion of the
meeting.

At this time City Engineer Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.25 for the construction of a
Sewage Treatment Plant be awarded to the low bidder, Lembke, Clough & King, in the total
amount of $1,107,969.36.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and Bid No.

56.25 awarded to Lembke-Clough & King in the total amount of $1,107,969.30 subject to the
filing of the necessary performance and labor bonds and other specified requirements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple
and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of General Builders Inc. for payment of the 10%
retention on the construction of the lavatories at the Golf Course in the total amount
of $301.70 be approved and the warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE -V-7-56
Carl Hyde
Protest Petition

BID NO. 56.35
Fertilizer

BID NO. 56.36
Grass Seed

BID NO. 56.31
REHABILITATION
Farm Building

BID NO. 56.32
Addns & Remodeling
of City Jail



BID NO. 56.18
Traffic Signal
System & Street
Lighting

BID NO. 56.25
Sewage Treatment
Plant

Bid Awarded



GOLF COURSE
Lavatory Construction
Final Payment
Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the Las Vegas Machine & Engineering Co., contractor
for the erection of the prefabricated steel buildings at the City Garage and Cemetery, for
payment of the 10% retention on this contract in the total amount of $2,l47.23 be
approved and the warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Sharp, Fountain and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from the Nevada Southern Gas Company for that
portion of Owens Avenue, lying east of the Up & SLRR property.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 28th
day of June, 1956, executed by Nevada Southern Gas Company to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Theodore P. Richards for a portion of H
Street, in the vicinity of the Kit Carson School, and adjoining Sunset Manor No. 2 division.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain, the following
resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 16th
day of July, 1956, executed by Theodore P. Richards to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 36.38 for the furnishing of
Maintenance supplies to the City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year of 1956-57, bids were
received and opened from the following firms:

ZELLERBACK PAPER COMPANY
CITY JANITOR SUPPLY
BEST MAINTENANCE SUPPLY CO.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Supervisor of Building and Safety, Art Trelease presented the request of C. L. Walker to
move a house from 206 Adams to 107 Adams. Mr. Trelease advised the Commission that it
was the recommendation of his department that this application be denied due to the fact
that the building would be practically impossible to bring up to Code requirements.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted, and the request
of C. L. Walker to move a house from 206 to 107 Adams be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Robert Brodine for a beer license at the Red
& White Cafe, 801 South 1st Street, formerly issued to Ray Knearl, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Carl Henatsch to be removed from the Wholesale
Beverage and Importers license for Roach Distributing, 823 South A Street be approved and
this license issued to James Costello.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for renewal of gaming licenses for the
3rd quarter of 1956 be approved in the same form as the preceding quarter:

ASSOCIATED OIL	Earl E. Wilson	800 South Main	2	slots

BRAVO'S MARKET	Frank Lancaster	410 Morgan	1	slot

CINNABAR	Ted Patton Music	112	North	2nd	3	slots

CLIFF'S 3TH ST. MKT.	G. C. Luzier	729	South	3th	4	slots

FRY'S RICHFIELD	Ted Patton Music	5th	& Fremont	2	slots

MAYFAIR DRUG CO.	Holst & Staggs	1422 Fremont	8	slots

PHILLIPS TEXACO	George Phillips	901	South	3th	3	slots

PONY EXPRESS	Earl E. Wilson	123	North	1st	3	slots

PREFABRICATED STEEL
BUILDING - Garage &
Cemetery - Final Payment

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Nev. Southern Gas
Owens Ave.

T. P. Richards
H Street

BID NO. 56.38
Maintenance Supplies
Opened

HOUSE MOVING
C. L. Walker
Denied

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
Red & White Cafe

LIQUOR LICENSE
Delete - Partner
Roach Distributing

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals


ROUND UP DRIVE IN	Murray Peterson	5th & Main	7	slots

ROUND UP LIQ. STOR.	Murray Peterson	5th & Main	4	slots

SIGNAL SUPER SER.	John Ahern	2012 South	5th	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for license for additional gaming for
the 3rd quarter of 1956 be approved:

STRIP COFFEE SHOP	Keith Campbell	1328 South	5th	1	slot

CALIFORNIA CLUB	George Arquilla	101 Fremont	1	Big 6 Wheel

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Robert C. Brodine for license for 4 slot
machines at the Red & White Cafe, 801 South 1st Street, formerly issued to Ray Knearl, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of
cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

BLAKELY SERVICE STA.       1801 Fremont	Jos. Bettencourt

DESERT MOTORS	1205 South 5th	A. G. Kahre

MAIN AUTO PARTS	315	North	Main	Donald C. Riley

SAVE WAY SERVICE STA.      735	North	5th	Jack E. Cason

SUPERIOR TIRE CO.	500	South	Main	L. E. Anderson

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of July 6 and July 10, 1956 be approved by re-
ference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 819 through 1359 in the net amount
of $71,020.14 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins advised the Commission that the Civil Aeronautics
Board has a petition by the City of Dallas, Texas for more transportation from Dallas to
Las Vegas. He indicated that the City Attorney's office feels this case is vital to the
future development of our City and Clark County since at the present time it involves ten
to twelve airlines, all of which would be interested in serving Las Vegas. He requested
permission for the City to intervene in this Case and for the City to invite the Chamber
of Commerce and Clark County to join with us in this intervention.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Attorney's office to intervene in this
Dallas to West Coast Service Case before the C. A. B. be approved and the Chamber of
Commerce and Clark County be extended an invitation to join with the City in this regard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation Permits be
approved, subject to the review and approval of the Solicitations Review Board:

VARIETY CLUB, "Night of Stars"

LAKE MEAD BOATING CLUB & BOULDER CITY JUNIOR CHAMBER-Lake Meade Regatta

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING SECTION I ORDINANCE NO. 714 DEALING WITH

THE SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS BY DELETING THE PROHIBITION ON SHOPPING CENTERS,

GROCERY STORES AND DRUG STORES FROM SELLING IN QUANTITIES OF LESS THAN ONE PINT; AND
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to
Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DEALING WITH LICENSING FOR

THE PURPOSES OF REVENUE** LAWFUL BUSINESSES TRANSACTED AND CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE
LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, STATE OF NEVADA; FIXING THE RATES OF LICENSE TAX FOR SUCH
BUSINESSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AMENDING SECTION 8
OF ORDINANCE NO. 715; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HERE-
WITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional

GAMING APPLICATION
Change of Owner

CIGARETTE LICENSES



MINUTES



PAYROLL WARRANTS



CIVIL AERONAUTICS
HEARING

Dallas-West Coast
Service Case

CHARITABLE SOLICITA-
TION PERMITS



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Licensing
Commissioner Sharp moved a warrant in the amount of $300.00 to the U. S. Post Office for
the City's postage machine be authorized and issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to purchase street and traffic signs at a cost
of $1,296.00. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that $828.00 of this amount was recoverable,
for street signs, but the traffic signs would be paid for by the City.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager be accepted and authorization
for the purchase of street and traffic signs at a cost of $1,296.00 granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker,voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrant Nos. 7243 through 7336 and
7339 through 7386 and 7389 in the total amount of $263,941.30 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 8:15 P.M. this meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:30 P. M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

City Engineer Wade recommended at this time that Bid No. 36.18 for the installation of a
Traffic Signal and Street Lighting System be awarded to the low bidder, Galland Electric
Company in the amount of $52,711.00, less Item A-9 in the amount of $4,586.00. Mr. Wade
further recommended this award be made subject to the contractor submitting the necessary
performance and labor bonds, signing the contract and furnishing equipment in accordance
with the specifications, and no "or-equals".

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and Bid No.

36.18 awarded to Galland Electric Company subject to the filing of the required bonds,
signing of the contract, and furnishing equipment as specified with no "or-equals",
in the total amount of $48,125.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker, Voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to re-bid the traffic signal system proposed at
South 5th and San Francisco Streets. Mr. Wade stated this was necessary since the State
of Nevada requires an actuated signal system.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to receive new bids for the traffic
signal system at South 5th and San Francisco Streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved that bids for the cells for the proposed addition to the City
Jail be opened on August 13, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested authorization to establish a fund of $1,200.00 to cover the
payroll expenses for the operation of the animal shelter. He advised the Commission that
this would be a revolving fund whereby money collected at the shelter would be deposited
therein to replace the disbursements.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to establish a fund of $1,200.00
for the operation of the animal shelter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Clerk be instructed to send a letter to the owners of Charlie's
Liquor Store and Beer Bar, l5ll South Main Street, to appear at the next regular meeting
to show cause why their license should not be revoked for serving liquor over the bar.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain and Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple and Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested authorization to request bids for the construction of
kennels at the animal shelter. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that tentative plans
had been prepared for this project.

Commissioner Fountain moved that bids be received for the construction of kennels at the animal
shelter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain

Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple and Mayor
Baker

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Acting Mayor Bunker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner	

Whipple and Mayor Baker.	 	

City Clerk 		Mayor

POSTAGE MACHINE
WARRANT

STREET & TRAFFIC
SIGNS

Purchase Authorized

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

BID NO. 56.18
Traffic Signals &
Street Lighting
Awarded

TRAFFIC SIGNAL SYSTEM
South 5th and
San Francisco

CITY JAIL CELLS
Bids Called

ANIMAL SHELTER
Fund Set Up

LIQUOR LICENSE
Charlie's Liquor
Store

ANIMAL SHELTER
Kennels
Bids Called
Las Vegas, Nevada
August 1, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 1st day of August, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M. by Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	John G. Spann

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Asst. Planning Dirct.      Shawnee Stewart
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

This being the time set for the owners of Charlie's Liquor Store and Beer Bar, 1511
South Main Street to be present to show cause why their package liquor license should
not be revoked for sale of liquor for consumption on the premises, Mayor Baker asked
if Messrs. Elias and Fred Atol were present.

Mr. Art W. Ham, Jr., representing the owners of Charlie's Liquor Store appeared and ad-
vised the Commission that Mr. Fred Atol was here and Mr. Elias Atol would be here presently.

Mr. Ham stated to the Commission that since receiving notice to appear at this meeting
that the sale of miniatures in the liquor store had been placed in a locked compartment
so that only the owners could dispense this liquor.

When questioned by the Board, Mr. Fred Atol stated that he could not deny that he had
been present and was aware of the fact that miniatures were being sold and consumed by
the customers on the premises.

At this time Mr. Elias Atol arrived at the meeting and verified that he had been personally
warned about this violation several months ago.

Discussion followed.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the operation of Charlie's Liquor Store be placed under
the direct supervision of Elias Atol and that the disposition of miniatures not be
handled by the bartenders.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay;e noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Johnie Lane for license for a Race Horse
Book at the Hollywood Race Book, 115 North 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the addition of George Stillwaugh to the Race Horse Book license
for the Derby Turf Club, 113 South 1st Street issued to Dave Stearns and Louis Nier be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the addition of Horace G. Bartlett to the slot machine operators
license of Buckley's Inc. with John Buckley, to replace P. J. Buckley, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Tom Rolofson for renewal of the license
for 2 slot machines at the Clark Dairy, 1006 North Main, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the notification of the Spinning Wheel Corporation that Con-
stance Lupino has purchased a 5% interest in the Silver Palace, 1st and Fremont. The
Police Department reported that Mrs. Lupino has been investigated and cleared.

Commissioner Fountain moved this notification be accepted and the report filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Frank X. Brownhofer for a Restaurant
Beverage liquor license at the Steak House, 122 South 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SHOW CAUSE HEARING
Charlie's Liquor
Store & Beer Bar

GAMING APPLICATIONS
NEW

Hollywood Race Book
CHANGE

Derby Turf Club

BUCKLEY'S INC.

RENEWAL



Silver Palace
LIQUOR APPLICATION
Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Pansy P. Barber for a second hand dealer's
license at the Desert Trading Post, 115½ North 1st Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Joe Wheeler Potter for a second hand
dealer's license at the Nevada Mutual Outlet, 226 North 5th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Junior Muscular Dystorphy for a permit
to solicit for funds be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail sale
of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved:

AHERN'S SERVICE	2102 South 5th	J. P. Ahern

BANK OF NEVADA	5th	& Carson	Sutton Vending

BEL AIR APTS 	710	North C	"	"

BILL & BOB'S	927	Fremont	W. O. Conger

EL RIO TAVERN	H &	Revere	John Randrup

FONG'S GARDEN	2021 E. Charleston	Sutton Vending

MAIN LIQUOR	418	North	5th	"	"

MIDTOWN APTS	211	North	7th	"	"

MOOSE LODGE	917 Stewart	"	"

LITTLE VILLAGE	905	North	5th	"	"

VON TOBEL'S	217	South	1st	"	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the addition of Sophia Mamlett to the Pawnshop license for
Stoney's Jewelry, 128 South 1st with Jerry Fox, replacing Dr. Alexander Coblentz, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 7350 through 7555 in
the total amount of $217,516.30 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1350-1942 inclusive in net amount
of $81,404.08 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of July 18, 1956 be approved by reference and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.37 for the furnishing
of fire alarm cable to the City, bids were received from the following firms:

Alternate Bid

OSBORNE ELECTRIC SUPPLY	$77,600.00	$77,900.00

STANDARD WHOLESALE SUPPLY	78,732.75

UNITED STATES RUBBER CO.	77,600.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Fire Department for tabu-
lation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.39 for the furnishing
of reproduction paper and supplies for the City for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1957,
bids were received from the following firms:

MERCURY BLUEPRINT & SUPPLY CO.	$1,307.57

Commissioner Whipple moved this be be referred to the Public Works Department for tabu-
lation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of the UPRR for rezoning of the NW¼ of the
SW¼ of the SE¼ of Sec. 28-20-61 from R-3 to M-1 as amended by the Planning Commission
to include the E 200" of the NW¼ of Section 33 and the S 710' of the 200' of the SW¼
of Sec. 28-20-61 from M-1 to R-4.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be deferred until the next regular meeting of the
Board on August 15, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SECONDHAND DEALER'S
LICENSES

CHARITABLE SOLICI-
TATION PERMIT
Jr. M. D.'s

CIGARETTE LICENSES

PAWNSHOP LICENSE
Stoney's Jewelry

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



PAYROLL WARRANTS 

MINUTES

BID NO. 56.37
Fire Alarm
Cable

BID NO. 56.39
Reproduction Paper
& Supplies

REZONING -Z-6-56
UPRR
At this time the Commission considered the request of the J. C. Penney Company for
permission to construct a canopy over the alley adjoining their building at 6th and
Fremont (Block 2, Hawkins Addition) to provide a pedestrian breezeway between the ex-
isting building and a proposed annex. The Commission was advised that the building
plans submitted by the Contractor show a twenty-five foot wide canopy over the alley
fifteen (15') feet to the rear of the 6th Street property line with a clearance of
thirteen (13') feet above the alley surface. Supervisor of Building and Safety, Art
Trelease, recommended that the clearance above the alley be l4'6" instead of the 13'
and that provision for removal of this canopy upon a 30 day notice by the City, be re-
quired.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that J. C. Penney Company be granted permission to
construct a canopy over the alley in Block 2 of Hawkins Addition, 25' wide with a clear-
ance of l4'6" subject to the condition that the Company agrees to remove this canopy
upon a 30 day notice from the City to do so.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the plan for the development of the UPRR property lying between
Bonanza Road, Vegas Creek, UPRR tracks and Highland Drive be deferred until August 13,

1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the petition of O. H. Nelson, A. W. Duffin, Lloyd Katz and
Gertrude Sperling for the vacation of a portion of Park Circle located in Westwood
Park Tract No. 2. the Planning Commission recommended this vacation be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing on this petition for vacation be
held on September 5, 1956 at the hour of 8:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade recommended the request of Wells-Stewart, contractor for the installation
of improvements on Decatur and Charleston Blvds. for partial payment in the amount of
$16,472.35 be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation be accepted and payment to Wells-Stewart
Construction Co. in the amount of $16,472.35 approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map on Morning view Heights No. 2 be deferred
until the next regular meeting of the Board on August 15, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the application of Forest Lawn Memorial Chapel
Inc. to operate a mortuary on the east side of North Main between the Nevada Highway
Department and Foremaster Lane, in a C-2 zone. The Commission was advised the Board
of Adjustment approved this application subject to the applicant signing an agreement
to install off-site improvements, the filing of a performance bond, and the plot plan
as amended by the Traffic Engineer.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 1st day of August, 1956, having considered the application of Forest
Lawn Memorial Chapel Inc. for a Use Permit to operate a mortuary on the east side of
North Main between the Nevada Highway Department and Foremaster Lane, in a C-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving the
application subject to the applicant signing an agreement to install off-site improvements,
the filing of a performance bond, and the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of Forest Lawn
Memorial Chapel Inc. for a Use Permit to operate a mortuary on the east side of North
Main between the Nevada Highway Department and Foremaster Lane in a C-2 zone, be approved
subject to the conditions as set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
stated that his firm drew the plot plan for this proposed mortuary but had no further
interest in the project and passed his vote.

Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Harry E. Fightlin for the permit to
build and operate a medical office on Maryland Parkway between Bridger and Lewis Avenues
(Lots 23 through 27, Block 10, Pioneer Heights Addition) in an R-4 zone. The Board of
Adjustment approved this application subject to the applicant signing an agreement and
posting a performance bond. The Commission was advised that these conditions had been
complied with.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted, and the following resolution adopted:

CANOPY OVER ALLEY
J. C. Penney Co.



DEVELOPMENT PLAN
UPRR

VACATION OF STREET
Park Circle
Public Hearing Set

DECATUR & CHARLESTON
STREET IMPROVEMENT
Partial Payment to
Contractor

MORNINGVIEW HEIGHTS
No. 2

Tentative Map

USE PERMIT -U-34-56
Forest Lawn Memorial
Chapel Inc. Approved



USE PERMIT -U-35-56
Dr. Harry E. Fightlin
Approved
BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a
regular meeting on the 1st day of August, 1956, having considered the application of
Dr. Harry E. Fightlin for a Use Permit to build and operate a medical office on
Maryland Parkway between Bridger and Lewis Avenue (Lots 25 through 27, Block 10,

Pioneer Heights Addition) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the applicant signing an agreement and posting a performance bond
and being advised these conditions had been complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. Harry E.
Fightlin to build and operate a medical office on Maryland Parkway between Bridge and
Lewis Avenue (Lots 25 through 27, Block 10, Pioneer Heights Addition) in an R-4 zone
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of E. W. Van Buskirk for variance to
vary the front yard requirements on Lots 2-6, 10, 13, l4, Block 28; Lots 4, 7, 8, 9-14),
65-70, 73-78, Block 27; Lots 41 and 42, Block 26 all in Charleston Heights?^ in an R-1
zone. The Board of Adjustment recommended denial of this application for variance since
it was felt that the applicant could redesign the buildings and/or construct smaller
structures.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on the 1st day of August, 1956 having considered the application of E. W. Van
Buskirk for Variance to vary the front yard requirements on Lots 206, 10, 13, l4, Block
28; Lots b, 7, 8, 9,-l4, 63-70, 73-78, Block 27; and Lots 4l and 42, Block 26 all in
Charleston Heights #4 in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application for variance since it was felt the applicant could redesign the buildings and/
or construct smaller structures;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of E. W. Van Bus-
kirk for Variance to vary front yard requirements on Lots 2-6, 10, 13, l4, Block 28; Lots
4, 7, 8, 9-l4, 63-70, 73,78, Block 27; Lots 4l and 42, Block 26 all in Charleston Heights
in an R-4 zone be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that Curb Parking be banned on
West Washington Street west of Highway 93, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be accepted and the following resolution
adopted:

RE SOLUTION

WHEREAS, the volume of traffic on Washington Avenue west of U.S.Highway 95 to Twin
Lakes Drive has the effect of congesting the street and impeding the movement of traffic,
especially when parking on the street is permitted; and

WHEREAS, the practice of parking on said street tends to further impede traffic and
in addition thereto constitutes a danger to the life, limb, and property of other motorists,
pedestrians and others; and

WHEREAS, it is the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that
the public interest will be best served by prohibiting parking on Washington Avenue, west
of U.S. Highway 95 to Twin Lakes Drive,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
as follows:

No person shall stop, stand, or park a vehicle, except when necessary to avoid
conflict with other traffic or in compliance with law or the directions of a police
officer on either side of Washington Avenue from the west right-of-way line of U.S.
Highway 95, known as Tonopah Highway, to Twin Lakes Drive.

PASSED, ADOPTED and APPROVED this 1st day of August, 1956

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE -V-ll-36
E. W. Van Buskirk
Denied

Curb Parking Banned
West Washington
At the hour of 8:25 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:45 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

City Engineer Wade recommended that the construction work in Street Assessment District
No. 100-23 be accepted and the request of the contractor, Wells-Cargo Inc. for payment of
the final 10% retention be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Assessment District No. 100-23 be accepted and final
payment to Wells-Cargo Inc. in the total amount of $l,426.93 approved and the warrant
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade recommended the low bid of Zellerbach Paper Company on Bid No. 56.38
for the furnishing of maintenance supplies to the City of Las Vegas be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 56.38 be awarded to the low bidder, Zellerbach
Paper Company in the total amount of $1960.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

It was reported by City Engineer Wade that a letter from the Union Pacific Railroad Company
giving a breakdown of the estimated cost of the work to be performed by the Railroad
Company at the expense of the City on the Owens Street grade crossing had been received.

Mr. Wade stated that the estimated cost of this project is $8,860.00 and requested that
his Department be authorized to notify the Railroad Company to proceed with this work.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and he be
authorized to notify the Railroad Company to proceed with the Owens Street Grade Crossing
at the estimated cost of $8,860.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution concerning the agreement with the
Union Pacific Railroad for the Owens Street Grade Crossing be adopted, subject to approval
by the City Attorney, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same:

WHEREAS, there was presented to the City Council a form of agreement between the CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and LOS
ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY and its Lessee, UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY, cor-
porations of the State of Utah, covering a proposed grade crossing over and across the right
of way of the Railroad Company on its Main Line in Las Vegas, Nevada;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That the form of agreement between the City of

Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Los Angeles
& Salt Lake Railroad Company, and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, corporations
of the State of Utah, covering an easement for grade crossing over and across the right of
way of the Railroad Company on its Main Line of railroad in the vicinity of Mile Post
333.45, Las Vegas, Nevada, be and the same is hereby approved, and the Mayor and Clerk of
said City are authorized and directed to execute said agreement for and on behalf of the
said City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to eliminate griductors from the Lembke-Clough &

King contract on the alterations to the existing sewage treatment plant and to obtain a
credit of $10,617.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted, and
authorization granted to eliminate this portion of the contract with Lembke-Clough & King
for the alterations to the existing Sewage Treatment Plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade reported on the progress being made on Charleston Heights Tract No. 3.

Mr. Wade advised the Commission that pursuant to the order of the Board on April 4, 1936
granting an extension of 90 days, that most of the deficiencies have been corrected and
this subdivision should be ready for acceptance within thirty days.

At this time the City Engineer made a report on the progress of the subdivider on Charleston
Heights Tract No. it. Mr. Wade stated that since the action of the Commission on April 4, 1956
granting a 90 day extension of time on the agreement subject to the condition that the necess-
ary off-site improvements be extended in front of the Red Rock School within 30 days, very
little progress had been made. He advised that the City Attorney's office has notified
the bonding company, and proceedings are being instigated to collect on this bond.

Mr. Wade reported that on the remainder of the subdivision, the expiration date of the
agreement extension was July 5, 1956 and to date this construction has not been completed.

He indicated the developer has submitted two letters to his office stating the reasons for
delay in construction, but these reasons do not prove adequate.

The City Engineer reported that the deficiencies in Charleston Heights No. 5 are being
corrected. He indicated that the acceptance of this tract depends on the developer of
Charleston Heights #5-A, a resubdivision of a portion of the original tract, submitting
a separate agreement and bond on Tract #5-A.

The Commission considered the deed from William Ed and Jack Reilly Harris for the East 130'
of the West 200' of the NW¼ of the NW¼ of Section 6, T21S, R61E, MDB&M. City Engineer Wade
advised the Commission that this property is the proposed site for the new Fire Station
on East Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-23
Acceptance & Final
Payment

BID NO. 56.38
Maintenance Supplies
Awarded

OWENS STREET GRADE
CROSSING

RESOLUTION -Agreement
on Owens Street Grade
Crossing

EXISTING SEWAGE
TREATMENT PLANT
Alterations

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 3
Progress Report

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 4
Progress Report

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 5
Progress Report

FIRE STATION SITE
Quitclaim Deed-
W. E. & Jack Harris
BE IT RESOLVED, this 1st day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 20th day of
July, 1956, executed by Will Ed. Harris and Jack Reily Harris, husband and wife to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

City Engineer Wade presented a petition for the release from the boundaries of Clark
County and the limits of Winchester Townsite, for the purpose of annexation to the City,
the proposed site for the new fire station, described as follows:

The E 130' of the W 200' of the NW¼ of the NW¼
of Section 6,. T21S, R61E, MDBSM.

Mr. Wade explained that this petition for release should be presented to the Clark County
Commissioners for release of this property, and recommended that the Mayor be authorized
to sign said petition.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this petition be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Assistant City Attorney John Spann presented a resolution to assess the cost of the instal-
lation of sidewalks against Lots 1 through 8 inclusive, Block 1, Biltmore Annex No. 3.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on May 18, 1955, directed
proceedings to be commenced to install sidewalks where needed in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the City Manager of the City of Las Vegas notified the property owner
hereinafter described of the necessity of installing sidewalks in the manner provided by
Chapter 32, Section 63, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949; and

WHEREAS, after notification by the City Manager to do so, the property owner failed
to make the requested installation within thirty (30) days whereupon the City Manager
reported such failure to the Board of Commissioners as provided by Chapter 32, Section 64,

Code of Las Vegas? Nevada, 1949; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas decided that the instal-
lation of new sidewalks should be made by the City and the expenses thereof charged against
the abutting and adjoining property, and the City Engineer was instructed to proceed with
such work as provided by Chapter 32, Section 65, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949; and

WHEREAS, the expense and cost of such work performed by the City has been determined
by sworn statements filed with the Board of Commissioners describing the location thereof; and

WHEREAS, the expense of such work has been determined and a sworn statement thereof,
setting forth said cost and expense, the location where said work was performed and the
amount therein to be assessed against said location.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on this ____day of	, 1956, that the above

mentioned sworn statement, together with a copy of this resolution, be and is hereby
referred to the City Clerk who shall forthwith assess the sum of ONE THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED
FIFTEEN DOLLARS and SEVENTY-NINE CENTS, ($1415.79) against Lots #1 through #8 inclusive
Block 1, Biltmore Annex No. 3, for the cost and expense as set forth in said sworn state-
ment, in accordance with the Code and Laws of the City of Las Vegas and the various amend-
ments thereto in such cases made and provided; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the various departments of the City, more particularly
the City Clerk and the Assessor, take the necessary legal steps in effecting said assessment.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this ________day of __________, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the New Boulder Coub, 118 Fremont had applied for a re-
fund of license fee for overpayment on 52 slot machines and one bridge table for the third
quarter of 1936. Mr. Kennedy stated that this change in application had been reported to
the City and a check made to verify that none of the devises had been operated during this
quarter.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the New Boulder Club for refund on the over-
payment of license fees in the total amount of $1,050.00 be approved and the warrant
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker? Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager reported that in the Service & Material Warrants there is a check for
the proposed purchase of Lots 27 through 32, Block 2, Park View Addition which property is
located on 2nd and Mesquite between the Police Department and Central Fire Station. Mr.
Kennedy requested authorization to place this money in escrow with Pioneer Title Insurance
& Trust Company until the instructions for the purchase of this property can be prepared
by the City Attorney.

FIRE STATION SITE
Petition to County

RESOLUTION -
Assessment for
Sidewalks
Biltmore Annex #3

REFUND ON GAMING
LICENSE

New Boulder Club

PURCHASE OF PROPERTY
Blk 2-Park View Addn
Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and authorization given to place the
money in escrow for the purchase of Lots 27 through 32, Block 2, Park View Addition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the tentative plan on the property located on the corner of North
2nd and Mesquite. Mr. Kennedy requested permission to install a 10,000 gallon gasoline
tank on the back portion of the lot to be used by both the Police and Fire Departments.

Commissioner Fountain moved this tentative plan be approved and authorization granted for
the installation of these improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to insert in the notice to bidders on the City-
owned parking lots that the City will not consider any proposal where the combined con-
sideration of monies to be paid the City equals less than $2,867.30 per month. Mr. Kennedy
explained that this figure is the basic figure of the cost to the City for rent, improvements,
taxes etc. Authorization was granted.

At this time the City Manager requested permission to install air conditioning in the east
wing of the City Hall. Mr. Kennedy stated that the contract with Western Heating & Venti-
lating could be expanded to include this improvement at an approximate cost of $6,203.00.

He further requested authorization for the expenditure of approximately $2,000.00 to change
the electrical work to permit the transfer of the Print Shop to the portion of the City
Hall now occupied by the Electrical Department.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the City Manager for the installation of air
conditioning in the east wing of City Hall and the change over of the electrical work be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Southern Nevada Power Company for tentative
approval of the plan to run the power lines to the proposed sewer plant and rehabilitation
farm. Mr. Kennedy reported that this would cost approximately $3,514.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request for tentative approval of the plans to run the power
line to the sewer plant and rehabilitation farm be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution establishing the prices on various
lots in Woodlawn Cemetery be approved:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 6th day of June, 1956, the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas adopted a Resolution establishing the price of the various lots in Woodlawn
Cemetery; and

WHEREAS, since that time it has been brought to the attention of the Board that
certain fees provided for in said Resolution should be reduced; and

WHEREAS, the maintenance problem of graves which contain wooden boxes is such that
a change must be made in this respect;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of August, 1956, that the lot sale
prices for interments made in Woodlawn Cemetery from and after August 1, 1956, shall be
as follows, to-wit:

Lot Sales	Amount

Sections O-OA-S	$ 30.00

Sections M-N-P-Q-R-T-W	80.00

Sections U-V	100.00

Sections H-AA (County Plot)	25.00

Sections BP, A-2, D-2, D-3	25.00

Sectional Vault Sales	Amount

Adult	$ 26.00

Infant, 3 foot maximum	15.00

Infant, 4 foot maximum	18.00

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that from and after the date of this resolution, no interments
shall be permitted in Woodlawn Cemetery in wooden boxes, minimum to be concrete liners.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of August, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the General Parking, Inc. be notified that their contract with
the City for the operation of City Parking lots is cancelled due to the fact they have not
complied with the provision that requires the construction of multi-story building for
parking within eighteen months after the signing of the original contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Tentative Plan

NOTICE TO BID
PARKING LOTS

AIR CONDITIONING
City Hall

POWER LINES-
Sewer Plant &
Rehabilitation Farm

RESOLUTION -
Cemetery Fees



GENERAL PARKING INC.
Contract Cancelled
An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DEALING WITH LICENSING

FOR THE PURPOSES OF REVENUE AND REGULATION OF CERTAIN LAWFUL BUSINESSES TRANSACTED AND
CARRIED ON WITHIN THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, SPECIFICALLY BOOTBLACK
STANDS IN BARBER SHOPS, RENTAL UNITS, BEAUTY SHOPS, AND CIVIL ENGINEERS; FIXING THE
RATES OF LICENSE TAX FOR SUCH BUSINESSES; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS
ORDINANCE; AMENDING SECTION 8 OF ORDINANCE NO. 715: AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners
Fountain and Whipple, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 722 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the liquor ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF LAS

VEGAS CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE
LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED
THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY
TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA;
AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to
Commissioners Fountain and Sharp for recommendation.

Consideration was given to the claim of Glen W. Berg for payment of $600.00 for a 1949
Ford sold at auction in March of 1956 without notice to the owner.

Commissioner Sharp moved this claim be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Assistant Director of Planning Shawnee Stewart reported to the Commission
on the proposed tentative street numbering system for the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Stewart explained that this study had been made by the Planning Commission in con-
junction with the public utilities companies, the Better Business Bureau and City Depart-
ments, and that the plan was briefly as follows:

1)	To adopt a uniform system for numbering.

2)	To correct those instances where there are streets with several names

3)	To correct those instances where there are several streets with duplicate
names.

4) To correct those streets with the same names that run in several directions.

The Commission indicated approval of this study and requested that the study be continued.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 56.18 for the installation of a traffic signal
system awarded to Galland Electric be rejected on the basis that the financial status
of the Company does not meet the requirements of the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that on all contracts for $5,000.00 or more that the financial
qualifications of the bidder, prepared by a qualified C.P.A. or licensed public accountant
be presented prior to the opening of the bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

	City Clerk 	Mayor

ORDINANCE NO. 722
Licensing Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Annexation

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Glen W. Berg

STREET NUMBERING
SYSTEM



BID NO. 56.18
BID REJECTED

BID QUALIFICATIONS


CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	Date: August 9, 1956

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be
held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 9th day of August, 1956, at the hour of 4:30 P.M. to con-
sider the following matters:

1. Purchase Requisitions

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners
A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of
the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a
special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's
Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 9th day of August, 1956, at the hour of 4:30 P.M. to consider
the following matters:

1. Purchase Requisitions

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City Attorney of
the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/	C. D. BAKER	HARRIS P. SHARP

E. W. FOUNTAIN	WENDELL BUNKER

HOWARD W. CANNON	A. H. KENNEDY

ROBERT F. BOOS

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 9, 1956

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
9th day of August, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 4:30 P. M. by His Honor Mayor
C. D. Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	     E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of the following purchase requisitions:

1)	Tree removal in connection with the sidewalk program, $1250.00

2)	Installation of a sewer line across Mojave Road by Charles J. Dorfman
Company, $1,475.00.

3)	Installation of three fire hydrants by Longley Construction Company on the
Westside, "D" street between Adams and Jefferson, "D" Street between Washington
and Adams, and "A" Street between Adams and Jefferson, in the total amount

of $1500.00

4) Grading and leveling of the Fish Hatchery property approximately 55 acres on
Vegas Drive adjacent to the Municipal Golf Course, by Mike Eachus in the
total amount of $2,000.00.

5)	Installation of fire hydrants by the Las Vegas Valley Water District in the
total amount of $9,302.06.

6)	Change order to Wells-Stewart on Charleston-Decatur street improvement as a
result of flood damage in the amount of $1900.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above listed requisitions be approved and purchase orders
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

	Mayor

City Clerk 
Las Vegas, Nevada
August 15, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this l5th day of August, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Atty	Ralston O. Hawkins

Asst. Planning Director	Shawnee Stewart

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

At this time Hyman Jones and J. G. Jenkins, Elders of the Church of God and Christ appeared
before the Board to request permission to preach on the streets in the vicinity of F and
Jackson. Mssrs. Jones and Jenkins asked that they be permitted to preach for a period of
four weeks commencing August 15th, from 7:30 P.M. until 10:30 P.M.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked these applicants to contact the Police Department
relative to the restrictions to using the streets for this purpose.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Hyman Jones and J. G. Jenkins be granted per-
mission to preach on the streets in the vicinity of F and Jackson for a four week period
from 7:30 P. M. until 10:30 P.M., subject to the limitations imposed by the Police De-
partment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the request of Stanley Lowe, operator of the State Outfitting,
1208 Stewart Street, for reduction of the solicitor's license fee. Mr. Lowe's affidavit
indicated that he would like permission to license his collectors so that they can solicit
orders.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Stanley Lowe of the State Outfitting, 1208
Stewart for reduction of the solicitor's license fee to the minimum license fee be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Assistant Director of Planning, Shawnee Stewart advised the Commission that the tentative
map of Morning View Heights #2 had been deferred from the Commission meeting of August 1,
1956 for check of the drainage. Mr. Stewart stated that in addition to this, the Planning
Commission has not yet received any information on the arrangement of the subdivider with
the Power Company and the School District.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that action on the tentative map of Morning View
Heights #2 be deferred.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the appeal of the denial of the application of E. W. Van Bus-
kirk for front yard variances of certain lots in Blocks 26,27,& 28 of Charleston Heights #4.

Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on the appeal of the denial of this application
for variance be held September 5, 1956 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.39 for the furnishing
of Reproduction Paper and Supplies be awarded to the only bidder, Mercury Blue Print in
the total amount of $1,307.51.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.39 be awarded to Mercury Blue Print in the
total amount of $1,307.51

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Board considered the final map of Sunset Manor which is a portion of the original
tentative map of Sunset Manor, City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that there is a
change of ownership in this tract, which has been recorded. Mr. Wade recommended approval
of this plat.

Commissioner Fountain moved the final map of Sunset Manor #2 be approved and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and Carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

PERMIT FOR
STREET PREACHING

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
Reduction
Stanley Lowe



MORNINGVIEW HEIGHTS
Tentative Map

VARIANCE APPEAL
V-ll-56

Public Hearing Set



BID NO. 56.39
Reproduction Paper
& Supplies

Awarded



SUNSET MANOR #2
Final Map
Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended the work on the Sewer Diversion at
16th and Charleston be accepted and the request of the contractor George E. Miller Co.
for payment of 10% retention approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the work on the sewer diversion project at 16th and Charleston
be accepted and payment of the 19% retention to George E. Miller Co. in the amount of
$431.83 approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the easement from Max Chason to the City for a portion of North
"A" Street south of the Southern Nevada Disposal Co. to be used for drainage purposes.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement dated
the 6th day of August, 1956, executed by Max Chason, a single man to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the deed from D. H. Hand for a portion of Gold Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RE SOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
1st day of August, 1936, executed by D. H. Hand and Virginia Jean Hand, husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time the Board considered the quitclaim deed from M. M. Sweeney for a portion
of South 6th Street, at the intersection of 6th and Franklin.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
8th day of August, 1956, executed by M. M. Sweeney to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board

The Commission considered the patent received from the United States Government for 12.5
acres in Section 36, T20S, R60E, MDB&M.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of August, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, that Patent No. 1162527, dated the 26th day of July, 1956,
executed by the Bureau of Land Management for all title of Government Lots as set out
in the aforementioned Patent and described in Document 85854 in Book 104 of Official
Records, recorded August 7, 1956 in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County
Nevada, be and it is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
Patent, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution filed in the records of this
Board.

Supervisor of Building and Safety Art Trelease recommended the application of Victor
Bongberg to move a small structure from Clark County to 117 Palm Lane be approved. Mr.
Trelease stated that Mr. Bongberg intends to use this building as a storage house for
garden equipment and will meet the requirements of the Code.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Victor Bongberg to move a
structure from Clark County to 117 Palm Lane be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SEWER DIVERSION
16th & Charleston
Acceptance & Final
Payment

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS

Easement - No. "A" St.
Gold Avenue



South 6th St.



RESOLUTION -

U.	S. GOVERNMENT

Patent for
Sec. 36-20-60



HOUSE MOVING

V.	Bongberg


Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney for leave of
absence without pay from August 16th until September 1, 1956, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of J. A. Ray, Las Vegas Hardware, 127 North
3rd Street for a permit to sell firearms be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of L. B. Scherer, Pioneer Club, 23 Fremont for
license for one additional Poker game be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Tom Rolofson for license for 2 slot machines
at the Clark Dairy, 1006 North Main Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of C. R. Millhizer for renewal of 1 "21", 1
poker and 1 Craps at the Silver Club Cafe, 505½ Jackson be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the claim of Adele Kleiman for damages resulting from a fall
in the street on the northwest corner of 5th and Fremont in the amount of $7500.00 be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Ann Falvey for damages resulting from a fall in
the street on the northwest corner of 5th and Fremont in the amount of $3500.00 be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Thomas C. Henry for injury from a falling limb
of a tree at 215 Wilson in the amount of $1,384.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following Vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Ann Loney for injuries resulting from a fall
in the street at the southeast corner of 3rd and Fremont in the total amount of
$56,135.69 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the claim of Max Y. Williamson for car damage at Charleston &

Nellis Boulevards in the total amount of $647.13 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker
Fountain,	

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1943 through 2503 in the net amount
of $74,785.39 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 7565 through 7734 and 7736
in the total amount of $405,633.34 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

CITY ATTORNEY
Leave of Absence

FIREARMS PERMIT
L. V. Hardware

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional

Renewals



CLAIMS FOR DAMAGE
Adele Kleiman

Ann Falvey

Thomas C. Henry

Ann Loney

Max Y. Williamson

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS
Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of August 1, 1956 be approved by reference and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment to
the liquor ordinance requested additional time before reporting:

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE LIMITS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED THERETO
AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RE-
CORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably by
Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 723 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2 OF ORDINANCE NO. 573, BY CHANGING

THE MINIMUM BUILDING LINE SETBACK AND FUTURE WIDTH LINE ON CHARLESTON BOULEVARD; PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple
for recommendation.

City Manager Kennedy reported on the proposed improvement of the streets in the downtown
area with an overlay at an approximate cost of $1.80 a front foot. Mr. Kennedy requested
permission to have the property owners contacted to see if a cash assessment district can
be instigated to install this improvement. Permission was granted.

Mr. Kennedy presented an option to purchase land from the City of Las Vegas by the Housing
Authority, and explained that this property is located west of Marble Manor comprising just
less than 2 acres of land. The City Manager further explained that the property would be
purchased at approximately $2300 per acre or a total of $5,127.50 and requested authori-
zation for signature of this 150 day option.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the option for the Housing Authority to purchase this
property from the City of Las Vegas be approved, the Mayor Pro Tem and Clerk authorized
to sign same, and the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, in the opinion of the Board of Commissioners, certain property owned by
the City adjacent to the present Marble Manor Housing Tract is not required for the City's
use; and

WHEREAS, the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas desires an option to pur-
chase approximately two acres of City owned land, and have prepared an option form for
such purpose which will be in the public interest for the City to sign;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 13th day of August, 1956, that the Mayor
Pro Tem, and the City Clerk, be, and they hereby are empowered and directed to sign said
option.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager reported that the Baseball Federation would like to use City property at the
Golf Course to construct a lighted baseball diamond. Mr. Kennedy explained that the property
was approximately 700 feet x 500 feet and would have a parking lot area of about four acres.
The Commission indicated approval of this proposal.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the salary increase of C. L. Bessent, City Electrician
to $625.00 per month be granted.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that C. L. Bessent be granted a salary increase to
$623.00 per month, effective August 1, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time Mr. Herb Jones, representing the American Linen Supply Company appeared before
the Commission. Mr. Jones presented a written report on the progress being made to
alleviate the noise and nuisance caused by the conveyor across the alley at 1001 South
1st Street. Mr. Jones stated that the noise had been eliminated to a certain extent and
they had received no objections from the surrounding property owners. The Commission
requested another report in this regard by September 15, 1956.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation of traffic
signals at 5th and San Francisco, bids were opened from the following firms:

NEVADA ELECTRIC	$11,935.00

GALLAND ELECTRIC	11,239.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

MINUTES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Liquor Amendment

ORDINANCE NO. 723
Annexation
Sec. 20-20-61

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Setbacks



STREET IMPROVEMENT

SALE OF PROPERTY
Housing Authority



BASEBALL DIAMOND

SALARY INCREASE



AMERICAN LINEN
Nuisance Complaint
Progress Report

BID NO. 56.40
Traffic Signals
5th & San Francisco
This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.41 for the construction
of a water main on East Charleston Boulevard, bids were received from the following firms:

GEORGE E. MILLER CO.	$13,947.00

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.	12,452.30

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.42 for the furnishing of
waste receptacles, bids were received from the following firms:

BEST MAINTENANCE	$1430.40

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.43 for the furnishing
and installing of jail equipment, cells, bids were received and opened from the following
firms:

SOUTHERN STEEL CO.	$69.435.00

The following bids were received but were not opened because they did not qualify so far as
licenses:

DECATUR IRON & STEEL CO.	Decatur, Ala. - No City or State license.

STEWART IRON WORKS CO.	Cincinnati, Ohio - No City license

HERRICK IRON WORKS,	Oakland, California - No City or State

license

PAULY JAIL BLDG. CO.	St. Louis, Mo. - No City License

Commissioner Sharp moved the bid of Southern Steel Company on Bid No. 56.43 be referred to
the Public Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the bids that did not qualify for opening on Bid No. 56.43 be
returned to the bidders unopened with a letter of explanation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.44 for the construction
of Dog Kennels, bids were received from the following firms:

BEN O. DAVEY CONSTRUCTION CO.	$5,415.00

SHELTON MILL & SUPPLY	5,595.00

WAGNER CONSTRUCTION CO.	4,148.00

WILLARD TERRY	6,684. 00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department for
tabulation and recommendation

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.46 for the furnishing of
radio equipment, bids were received from the following firms:

MOTOROLA COMMUNICATIONS & ELECTRONICS	$4,987.50

FRONTIER RADIO & T. V.	No Bid

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.47 for the construction
of two fire stations on East and West Charleston Boulevard, bids were opened from the
following firms:

WESTERN STATES CONSTRUCTION	$112,480.00	$57,240.00	$56,400.00

LEMBKE, CLOUGH & KING	127,000.00	63,450.00	63,975.00

P&C CONSTRUCTION	117,100.00	59,080.00	59,750.00

WILLARD TERRY CONST. CO.	126,864.00	  63,494.00	64,l44.00

BEN O. DAVEY CONST. CO.	115,945.00	58,900.00	59,275.00

SHELTON MILL & CONST.	119,160.00	61,599.00	60,668.00

SIMPSON & MATHER CONST CO.	123,445.00	63,021.00	63,053.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting ay; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

BID NO. 56.41
E. Charleston
Water Main

BID NO. 56.42
Waste Receptacles

BID NO. 56.43
Jail Equipment

BID NO. 56.44

Dog Kennels

BID NO. 56.46
Radio Equipment

BID NO. 56.47
Fire Stations
Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be granted permission to attend the City Manager's
Convention in Banff, Alberta, Canada and to go on vacation as of September 7; 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Mayor Baker.

At this time Commissioner Bunker brought up for discussion the Resolution adopted by the
Commission on September 22, 1949, concerning the number of slot machines that will be per-
mitted in businesses located outside the gambling district. Commissioner Bunker stated
that this particular resolution permitted the operation of not more than twelve (12)
machines in one location, and requested explanation of why the Thriftimart located at
2200 West Bonanza had been allowed to apply for and are operating sixteen (l6) machines.

Discussion was held by the Commission and it was agreed that the operators of the Thrifti-
mart had been advised at the time they received the first license that no more than the
maximum number of machines would be permitted.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the Thriftimart be instructed to comply with the
resolution on slot machines immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following "vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the license for the four slot machines at the Thriftimart, which
are those in excess of the number of machines permitted by resolution, be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.44 for the construction
of Dog Kennels be awarded to the low bidder, Wagner Construction Co. in the total amount
of $4,148.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 56.44 be awarded to Wagner Construction Co.
in the total amount of $4,148.00 subject to the furnishing of the proper bonds, entering
into the contract and meeting all requirements of the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



City Clerk		Mayor

8-15-56

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	August 22, 1956

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 22nd day of
August, 1956, at the hour of 4:30 P. M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Approval of traffic tickets

2.	Recommendations on the following bids:

a)	Bid No. 56.43 - Jail Equipment - Cells

b)	Bid No. 56.41 - East Charleston Water Main

c)	Bid No. 56.42 - Waste Receptacles

d)	Bid No. 56.46 - Radio Equipment

3.	Business license ordinance change.
4. Purchase Order for fly spray

5.	Discussion on Charleston Boulevard and Bonanza Road.

6.	Discussion on slot machines licenses

/s/ C. D. Baker_______

Mayor

( NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING)

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners

and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON,
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissions rs of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on
the 22nd day of August, 1956, at the hour of 4:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Approval of traffic tickets

2.	Recommendations on the following bids:

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
City Manager

RESOLUTION ON SLOT

MACHINES



BID NO. 56.44

Dog Kennels
Awarded
a)	Bid No. 56.43 - Jail Equipment - Cells

b)	Bid No. 56.41 - East Charleston Water Main

c)	Bid No. 56.42 - Waste Receptacles

d)	Bid No. 56.46 - Radio Equipment

3.	Business license ordinance change
4. Purchase Order for fly spray

5. Discussion on Charleston Boulevard and Bonanza Road
6. Discussion on slot machine licenses

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant
and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing
notice of special meeting.

/s/       C. D. BAKER	RALSTON O. HAWKINS

HARRIS P. SHARP	ROBERT F. BOOS

WENDELL BUNKER	A. H. KENNEDY

REED WHIPPLE	E. W. FOUNTAIN

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 22, 1956

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 22nd day of August, 1956, was called to order at the hour of 4:40 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.43 for the furnishing and installing of
jail equipment, be awarded to the Southern Steel Company in the total amount of $69,435.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.43 awarded to
Southern Steel Company in the total amount of $69,435.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

At this time the City Manager recommended that Bid No. 56.41 for the construction of a water
main on East Charleston Boulevard be awarded to the low bidder, Longley Construction Co.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.41 be awarded
to Longley Construction Company in the total amount of $12,452.30.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain,

City Manager Kennedy made a recommendation at this time that Bid No. 56.42 for the furnish-
ing of waste receptacles be awarded to the only bidder, Best Maintenance in the total
amount of $1430.40.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

At this time City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.46 for radio equipment be
awarded to the only bidder, Motorola Communications and Electronics.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.46 awarded to
Motorola Communications and Electronics in the amount of $498.75 per unit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

The City Manager requested permission to purchase fly spray from the Stauffer Chemical
Company in the amount of $1,035.00. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this pur-
chase would be a three-months supply.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request be granted and authorization given for the purchase
of fly spray from the Stauffer Chemical Company in the amount of $1,035.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

BID NO. 56.43
Jail Equipment
Awarded

BID NO. 56.41
E. Charleston
Water Main
Awarded

BID NO. 56.42
Waste Receptacles
Awarded

BID NO. 56.46
Radio Equipment
Awarded

FLY SPRAY
PURCHASE APPROVED
Discussion was held at this time concerning the paving of Charleston Boulevard from Hyde
Park to Westleigh Sub-division No. 5. Mr. Kennedy stated that the estimated cost of ex-
tending this improvement east to Rancho Road would cost approximately $18,000. He further
advised that the estimated cost of paving east to Shetland Road would be $8,000.00, and
asked the Commission which plan they preferred.

At this time Commissioner Fountain arrived at the meeting.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that bids for the paving of Charleston Boulevard
from Westleigh Subdivision, Tract No. 5 east to the intersection of Charleston Boule-
vard and Rancho Road be secured.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has received many complaints charging violations
of the Child Nursery Ordinances and Zoning Ordinances by Lawrence LaPenta at 1404 Mary-
land Parkway; and

WHEREAS, complaints have been filed in the Municipal Court, and one case is now
on appeal to the District Court; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the said LaPenta is still operating in the same manner,
and apparently will so do until a determination on these violations is made by the
District Court; and

WHEREAS, the continued operation is a public nuisance; and

WHEREAS, a speedier determination can be obtained by an injunction suit filed in
the District Court if the facts so warrant;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a special meeting held on the 22nd day of August, 1956, that the premises at
1404 Maryland Parkway and the use to which said premises are being put is a public nuisance,
and this matter be referred to the office of the City Attorney for investigation, and if
the situation justifies the filing of a suit for injunction in the opinion of the City
Attorney, the Mayor be and and he is authorized to sign a complaint for injunction to
restrain the violation of the Child Nursery and/or zoning Ordinances.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
September 5, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
5th day of September, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor 
Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition of property owners,
and the recommendation of the Planning Commission for the vacation of certain portions of
Park Circle, a street located in Westwood Park Tract No. 2, His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
asked if there were any objections to this vacation. No one present objected, and there
were no protests filed with the Clerk.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this petition for vacation of a portion of Park Circle
be approved and the following order adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 2nd day of July, 1956, signed by four (4) freeholders residing in the
area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation
of the cul-de-sac in Park Circle, hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by
Order of this Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its
recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated
July 13, 1936, with the Board recommending the approval of said vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 1st day of August, 1956,
at the hour of 8:00 O' clock P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of Commissioners,
in the City Hall, located at the Northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, in the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for the public hearing on said

Petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to pause the aforesaid strip of
land proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting for the time and place of

the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

CHARLESTON

BOULEVARD

IMPROVEMENT

RESOLUTION
CHILD NURSERY
ORD. VIOLATION
Lawrence LaPenta

VACATION OF STREET
Park Circle
And it appearing from the affidavit of Frank Holden, filed with the Clerk of this Board,
that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which is attached to said affidavit,
was posted on the 3rd day of August, 1956, in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said Petition for vacation and the recommend-
ation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board having heard evidence in support
of and there being no opposition to said Petition;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor Pro Tem Reed Whipple and Commissioners Fountain
and Sharp, constituting all members of said Board present at this meeting, and all members
present voting in favor of said vacation, that the strip of land proposed to be vacated is
no longer required for the public use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the
benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially
injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following portion of PARK CIRCLE, as shown by map of Westwood
Park Tract No. 2, (Resubdivision) on file in Book 3 of Plats, Page 71, in the Office of
the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and being more particularly described as follows,
to-wit:

Commencing at the southwest corner of Westwood Park No. 2 (Resubdivision) as shown
on plat thereof in Book 3 of Flats, Page 71; and Document No. 45933 in Book 54 of
Official Records in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada; thence
North 34°28'54" East a distance of 293.96 feet to a point on the east line of Lot 1,
Block 2 of said subdivision, the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING; thence from a tangent whose
bearing is South 2°5l' West along a curve turning to the left, having a radius of
80 feet, subtending a central angle of 92°28', an arc length of 129.11 feet to a
point on the North line of Lot 4 Block 2 of the aforementioned subdivision; thence
North 89°37' West along the said North line of Lot 4; a distance of 32.11 feet to
a point; thence tangent from the last described course along a curve turning to the
left, having a radius of 20 feet, subtending a central angle of 77°19', an arc
length of 26.99 feet to a point of reverse curve turning to the right, having a
radius of 40 feet, subtending a central angle of 247°06' an arc length of 172.51
feet to a point of reverse curve turning to the left having a radius of 20 feet,
subtending a central angle of 77°19' an arc length of 26.99 feet to a point on the
East line of Lot 2 Block 2 of said subdivision; thence North 2°5l' East along the
East line of said Lot 2 and its northerly prolongation a distance of 32.11 feet to
the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING

be and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for a public hearing on the appeal of the denial of the
application of Mr. E. W. Van Buskirk to vary the from yard requirements on Lots 2-6, 10,

13, 14; Block 28; Lots 4, 7; 8, 9-14; 65-70; 73-78, Block 27; and Lots 41 and 42, Block
26, Charleston Heights #4 in an R-1 zone, Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone
present to discuss this matter.

Mr. Kell Houssels representing Mr. E. W. Van Buskirk requested that this public hearing
be postponed until September 19, 1956 as it was believed the conflicts in variance could
be ironed out peaceably with the F.H.A. and Building Department by that time.

Commissioner Sharp moved this public hearing he deferred until the next regular meeting
on September 19, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Harry Claiborne, representing Messrs Albert and David Mengarelli of the Log
Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st Street appeared. Mr. Claiborne advised the Commission that
Manuel Champo, owner of the building, was willing and able to bring the condemned build-
ing up to Code. He further stated that they felt that the Mengarelli's had been penalized
enough by loss of business since the tavern license was suspended on April 18, 1956, and
requested that his clients be permitted to reopen their business.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be continued until the next meeting when there will
be a full Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of Harley E. Harmon for a variance to waive the
side yard requirements to permit construction of a professional office building on Maryland
Parkway and Lewis Street, Lots 13 through 16, Pioneer Heights Addition, in an R-4 zone.

The Board of Adjustment approved this application subject to the applicant entering into an
agreement for the installation of off-site improvements and filing of a bond. The
Commission was advised that the agreement and bond have been received by the City.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on the 5th day of September, 1956, having considered the application of Harley
E. Harmon for variance to waive the side yard requirements to permit the construction of
a professional office building on Maryland Parkway and Lewis Street, Lots 13 through 16,

Pioneer Heights Addition, in an R-4 Zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the applicant signing an agreement for off-site improvements installation
and posting a bond, and being advised these conditions had been complied with;

PUBLIC HEARING
VARIANCE APPEAL
V-ll-56

LOG CABIN BAR

VARIANCE V-10-56
Harley E. Harmon
NOW; THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Harley E. Harmon
for variance to waive side yard requirements to construct a professional office building
on Maryland Parkway and Lewis Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The application of Dr. John F. and Jacqueline Vos for a use permit to convert an existing
duplex into a professional office building at 1105-07 South 3rd Street (LOTS 3 and 4;

Block 18, South Addition) in an R-4 zone, was considered by the Commission. The Board of
Adjustment recommended approval of this use permit, subject to the applicant signing an
agreement and filing a bond for the installation of off-site improvements. The Board was
advised that these conditions have been complied with.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections to this use Permit. None were
voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be approved and- the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting on the 5th day of September, 1956, having considered the application of Dr. John
F. and Jacqueline Vos for use permit to convert an existing duplex into a professional
office building at 1105-07 South 3rd Street (Lots 3 and 4, Block 18, South Addition) in
an R-4 zone; and

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. John F. and
Jacqueline Vos for use permit to convert an existing duplex into a professional office
building at 1105-07 South 3rd Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Discussion was held on the proposed alignment of Highland Drive from West Charleston to
West San Francisco. The Planning Commission recommended that the line which presently denotes
the zoning boundary line between the M-1 and R-1 zoning districts, some 450 feet west of
the UPRR tracks be used as the center line of this highway.

Mr. Art Ham Jr. was present and requested that this matter be held because of its importance
until a full Board is present.

A1 Lusk and Angelo Manzi were present and requested immediate action by the Commission on
this recommendation from the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be continued until the next regular meeting when all
the members of the Commission are present, and that maps indicating the proposed align-
ment of Highland Drive and the zoning in this area be prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.48 for the installation
of a complete Fire Alarm System, bids were received from the following firms:

GAMEWALL COMPANY	$78,857.07

REYNOLDS ELECTRIC CO.	90,414.l7

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of J. A. Cordon and L. D. Stein for a use permit
to construct a super service station on the northwest corner of 16th and Charleston (E 39'
of Lot 9 and all of Lot 10, Block 3, Amended Mayfair Tract #2), in a C-1 zone.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for a use permit be held in abeyance for
further investigation on the setbacks and the off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer George E. Wade advised the Commission the Francisco Park #2 subdivision had
been completed and recommend that it be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Engineer that
the Francisco Park #2 be accepted and the subdivision performance bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the final acceptance of Charleston Heights No. 3 and the release
of the performance bond be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

USE PERMIT -U-37-56
Dr. John F. Vos

HIGHLAND DRIVE
Alignment

BID NO. 56.48
Fire Alarm System

USE PERMIT -U-38-56
Gordon & Stein

FRANCISCO PARK #2
Bond Released



CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 3

Acceptance & Bond
Released
City Engineer Wade reported that the Jubilee Tract subdivision has been completed and re-
commended that it be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Engineer that
the Jubilee Tract be accepted and the performance bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that Morning View Heights No. 1 subdivision has
been completed and recommended that it be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Engineer that
Morning View Heights No. 1 be accepted and the performance bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the construction of a drainage channel through an easement
obtained from the Southern Nevada Disposal Company at 1300 North A Street.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Engineer be authorized to proceed with the design
and preparation of the preliminary plans for the installation of this drainage channel.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer Wade presented the proposal of V. C. Mendenhall, contractor for the installation
of paving in Assessment District No. 100-36, to extend the pavement on C,D,E,F,G, and H
Streets to meet the existing pavement on West Bonanza Road. Mr. Wade explained that this
improvement was originally omitted due to the fact that short sections are on the State
Highway right-of-way. Mr. Wade reported that the cost of this improvement would be $2,079.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this proposal for the extension of pavement on C,D,E,F,G, and
H Streets to meet the existing pavement on West Bonanza Road at a cost of $2,079.00 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer Wade made a report at this time on the well for the Rehabilitation Farm
and requested permission to proceed with a storage tank for drinking water. Mr. Wade
stated that the laboratory analysis of the water from the existing well indicated that
treatment of the water for domestic use would not be economical. The Commission requested
the City Engineer to make a further study of this matter and report back at a later time.

The Commission considered the request of Wells Cargo Inc. for an extension of the contract
they have with the City for street repair.

Commissioner Fountain moved this contract be extended for a period of 180 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the request from the Fish and Wildlife Service to use City
water for domestic purposes from City Well No. 109 located near the Golf Course.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Forrest Leinenwever for a portion of
West Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of September, 1956; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 23rd
day of August, 1956, executed by Forrest Leinenwever and Sadie S. Leinenwever, husband and
wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Elwin C. Leavitt for a portion of West
Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of September, 1936, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 21st day
of August, 1936, executed by Elwin C. Leavitt and Mildred H. Leavitt husband and wife to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and

that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

JUBILEE TRACT
Acceptance & Release
of Bond

MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS
No. 1

Acceptance and Release
of Bond

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
North A Street
Drainage Channel

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36

Extension of Pavement

REHABILITATION FARM
WELL

STREET REPAIR
CONTRACT

USE OF CITY WELL
Fish & Wildlife

Service



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Forrest Leinenwever
West Charleston

Elwin Leavitt
West Charleston
At this time the Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Bunker Brothers Mortuary
for a portion of Gold Avenue.

On Motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of September, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 30th
day of August, 1956, executed by Bunker Brothers Mortuary, Inc., a Nevada Corporation to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of William T. Regland for reduction of the solicitor's
license fee to sell his own farm produce be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:05 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission considered the application of Frank W. Groves, Director of the Nevada Fish
and Game Commission for use permit to construct a district headquarters consisting of a
concrete block building, gasoline pump and storage tank, horse and hay shelter, horse
exercise yard and fenced storage area located on the site of the fish and wildlife property
between Vegas Drive and Decatur Boulevard, in an R-4 zone, containing 1.78 acres of land.

The Board of Adjustment approved this application, subject to the signing of an agreement
for the installation of off-site improvements which has been done.

Mr. Wayne Kirch, executive of the Board of Directors of the Nevada Fish and Game Commission
appeared before the Commission and explained that it was their plan to develop this
property as the funds are available over a period of years. Mr. Kirch requested approval
of this application and asked for clarification concerning the side yard setback require-
ment for storage and appurtenance building. He was advised that the side yard setback in
this regard is five feet.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for use permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on the 5th day of September, 1956, having considered the application of Frank W.

Groves, Director of the Nevada Fish and Game Commission for use permit to construct a
district headquarters consisting of a concrete block building, gasoline, pump and storage
tank, horse and hay shelter, horse exercise yard and fenced storage area located on the
site of the fish and wild life property between Vegas Drive and Decatur Boulevard, in an
R-4 zone, containing 1.78 acres of land; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the applicant's signing an agreement for installation of off-
site improvements and the Board having been advised this condition was complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Frank W. Groves,
Director of the Nevada Fish & Game Commission for use permit to construct a district head-
quarters on its property between Vegas Drive and Decatur Boulevard be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Melvin Exber and John Gaughan for license
for one Sports Book at the Hollywood Race Book, 115 North 1st Street be held in abeyance
until a full Board is present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be
approved:

CALIFORNIA CLUB	Arquilla & Tabak	101 Fremont	1 Craps

GOLDEN NUGGET	By: C. C. King	129 Fremont	1 Poker

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the additional of John Francis Grana for 1% interest in the
California Club, 101 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Anton A. Maurer for a Restaurant Beverage
license at the Little Cafe, 1602 South A Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Fro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of John R. McCorkle for the tavern license
at the Dog House Tavern 123 South 2nd Street, formerly issued to Frank Mirabelli and Harry
Rugeroli dba Ten Pin Tavern, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Bunker Bros. Mortuary
Gold Avenue

SOLICITORS LICENSE
FEE

Wm. T. Regland



USE PERMIT-U-36-56
Nevada Fish & Game
Commission

GAMING APPLICATION
New Location

Additional



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Change of Name
and Ownership
Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for license for the retail sale of
cigarettes and tobacco products be approved.

CASHMAN'S USED CARS	118 North Main	Sutton	Vending

CLARK'S DAIRY	1006 North Main	"	"

CLARK COUNTY JAIL	Courthouse	"	"

DESERT HILL MOTEL	2121 Fremont	"	"

GREYHOUND POSTHOUSE	l14 South Main	J. A. Ewing

HOLLYWOOD RACE BOOK	113 North 1st	Sutton	Vending

LARRY' S MUSIC BAR	4l3 Jackson	"	"

LITTLE CAFE	1602 South A	"	"

ROBINSON'S HOTEL APTS	200 San Francisco	"	"

MON WOO CAFE	113 North 1st	"	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for charitable solicitation permits
be approved, subject to approval of the Solicitations Review Board:

1)	The Forty-Niners Lions Club Inc.

2)	Women's Auziliary of Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital

3)	Tumor Board of Rose De Lima

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 2504 through 3063 in the net amount
of $81,204.63 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 7735 and 7740 to 7906
inclusive in the total amount of $369,469.95 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the minutes of August 9, and 13, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting ay; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following correction be made in the Minutes of August 22, 1936;

The resolution on the Child Nursery Ordinance violation by Lawrence LaPenta be corrected
as follows:

a)	A new paragraph be added between paragraphs three and four stating:

"WHEREAS, the continued operation is a public nuisance, and

b)	The fourth paragraph be corrected to read as follows:

"NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a special meeting held on the 22nd day of August, 1956, that the
premises at l404 Maryland Parkway and the use to which said premises are being
put is a public nuisance, and this matter be referred to the office of the City
Attorney for investigation, and if the situation justifies the filing of a suit
for injunction in the opinion of the City Attorney, the Mayor be and he is
hereby authorized to sign a complaint for injunction to restrain the violation
of the Child Nursery and/or Zoning Ordinances."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	"AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA TO AMEND SECTION

2 OF ORDINANCE NO. 573, BY CHANGING THE MINIMUM BUILDING LINE SETBACK AND FUTURE WIDTH
LINE ON CHARLESTON BOULEVARD; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND RE-
PEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported
on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 724 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, REGULATING THE

CONSTRUCTION, MAINTENANCE, USE AND OPERATION OF TRAILER PARKS; REQUIRING PERMITS FOR THE
OPERATION OF TRAILER PARKS; PROVIDING REGULATIONS FOR THE USE AND STORAGE OF TRAILERS ON
PRIVATE PREMISES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
HEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Sharp for recommendation.

CIGARETTE LICENSES

CHARITABLE SOLICI-
TATION PERMITS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Liquor Amendment

ORDINANCE NO. 724
Setbacks

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Trailer Parks
Mr. John Sullivan, representing the owners of the Thriftimart located at 2200 West Bonanza,
at this time appeared before the Commission. Mr. Sullivan requested that the Commission
rescind their action of August 15, 1956, revoking the gaming license for b slot machines.

Mr. Sullivan advised the Commission that had been made in good faith and the Federal license
tax, which is not refundable, has been paid on these machines. No definite acts on was
taken at this time on this request.

Commissioner Sharp moved that all bids received for Bid No. 56.18 for the installation of
a traffic signal system be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.40 for the installation of a traffic signal
system at 5th and San Francisco be awarded to the low bidder, Galland Electric Company
in the amount of $11,239.00, subject to submission of adequate performance and labor and
material man bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION NO._______

RESOLUTION REAFFIRMING AND CONFIRMING NEED FOR LOW-RENT HOUSING AND APPROVING AND

AUTHORIZING EXECUTION OF AN AMENDMENT TO THE COOPERATION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AND THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS.

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, did on the
26th day of October, 1949, adopt a Resolution entitled:	"RESOLUTION Approving Application

of Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to the Public Housing Administration
for a Preliminary Loan in an Amount Not to Exceed $52,000 to Cover Costs of Surveys and
Planning in Connection with the Development of Not to Exceed 140 Dwelling Units of Low-
Rent Public Housing Approving the Form of Cooperation Agreement Between the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; and Authorizing
the Execution thereof"; and

WHEREAS, the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada (hereinafter re-
ferred to as the "Local Authority"), entered into a Preliminary Loan Contract dated January
9, 19$0, with the Public Housing Administration (hereinafter referred to as the "PHA")
providing for a Preliminary Loan in an amount not to exceed $40,000 to cover cost of surveys
and planning in connection with the development of not to exceed 100 units of low-rent
public housing and eventually on January 5, 1952, the mentioned parties entered into an
Annual Contributions Contract for the development, construction and operation of such 100
dwelling units, which have been and are now in operation by such Local Authority as a low-
rent housing Project identified as Project Nev-2-1; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the above-mentioned Resolution, the City of Las Vegas and the
Local Authority entered into a Cooperation on October 26, 1949, providing for cooperation
by the said City of Las Vegas, Nevada, with the Local Authority of not to exceed l40
units of low-rent housing; and

WHEREAS, the Local Authority on February 18, 1953; submitted to the PHA its Appli-
cation for additional reservation of urban low-rent public housing and for an additional
preliminary loan of $12,000 in connection with the bO remaining units of low-rent public
housing, which Application was favorably acted upon by the PHA in that on June 9, 1953;
the PHA issued to the Local Authority an additional Urban Program Reservation for bO dwelling
units and for an additional Preliminary Loan of $12,000; and

WHEREAS, no further action was taken since June 9, 1953; to formulate any contractual
obligations between the PHA and the Local Authority in connection with such addition 40
units; however, the Local Authority does now represent to this Honorable Body that it intend
to and will request the PHA to consider and renew action leading to contractual obligations
in connection with its Application for the additional 40 units of low-rent public housing
and for an additional Preliminary Loan of $12,000; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners is desirous of assisting the Local Authority
in such efforts and to expressly reaffirm and confirm all of the above-mentioned actions
as previously taken by this body; and

WHEREAS, it is also necessary to amend the mentioned Cooperation Agreement dated
October 26, 1949, so as to provide for repayment of local and Federal annual contributions
with respect to the proposed additional 40 units of low-rent public housing;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, As follows:

(1)	The Resolution adopted by this body on October 26, 1949; which Resolution is
incorporated herein by reference thereto, approving the Application of the Housing Authority
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to the Public Housing Administration for a Preliminary
Loan in an amount not to exceed $52,000 to cover costs of surveys and planning in connection
with 140 dwelling units of low-rent public housing, is hereby reaffirmed and confirmed

in its entirety.

(2)	The Application of the Local Authority dated June 9, 1953; to the FHA for an
additional reservation of 40 units of urban low-rent public housing and for an additional
Preliminary Loan of $12,000 is hereby specifically approved as there still exists in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a need for low-rent housing at rents within the means of low-
income families.

(3)	The Amendment to Cooperation Agreement between the Housing Authority of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and the City of Las Vegas is hereby approved substantially in
the form set forth and attached hereto as Exhibit "A" and the Mayor and Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas are hereby authorized and directed to execute, in as many counterparts as may
be required, such Amendment for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

(b) This Resolution shall take effect immediately.

THRIFTIMART
Slot Machines

BID NO. 56.18
Bids Rejected

BID NO. 56.4O
Traffic Signals
5th and San Francisco

HOUSING AUTHORITY
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to issue a purchase order in the amount of $5,000.00
to Wells Cargo Inc. to cover requirements for street repair and patching.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Las Vegas Concert Band for the erection
of band stand in Squires Park. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Superintendent of
Recreation H. B. Trent and Superintendent of Parks Kenneth Hadland have recommended that
if this request is approved that the band stand be constructed between the Library and
the Boy Scout Building. The Commission was advised that the estimated cost of this band
stand would be $500.00. The Commission decided that a temporary stand should be provided
and see how this works out.

The request of the L.D.S. Church for exchange of City property was held until the next
meeting of the Commission.

City Manager Kennedy reported on the request of the City to purchase twenty acres of land
from the Las Vegas Valley Water District in the Hyde Park area, located in the SE¼ of
Section 31, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager and City Attorney be authorized to negotiate
with the Las Vegas Valley Water District and their attorneys for the purchase of this
land.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Ben Fabbi for reduction of the solicitors license
fee to sell Raleigh Products be approved, and this license reduced to the minimum fee.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Willard J. Bren for refund of $150.00 Police
Investigation fee be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent;

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.47 for the construction of two fire
stations, one on East Charleston and the other on West Charleston, be awarded to the low
bidder, Western States Construction in the total amount of $112,480.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.47 be awarded to Western States Construction in
the total amount of $112,480.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the attendance of Fire Chief Gates at the Fire Chief Convention
in Sacramento, California August 21st through the 24th, 1956 be approved and expenses of
$150.00 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Thomas Bibbs for refund of $150.00, which represents
the unused portion of the annual fee deposited for a Retail Beverage license at the New
Valley View Market, 1316 North D Street, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

APPROVED:



Mayor

ATTEST:

	City Clerk 

9-5-56

PURCHASE ORDER
Patching Contract

BAND STAND IN
CITY PARK

CITY PROPERTY
EXCHANGE

PURCHASE OF LAND
Las Vegas Valley
Water District

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION

Ben Fabbi

REFUND OF POLICE
INVESTIGATION FEE

BID NO. 56.47
Fire Stations
Awarded

CONVENTION
ATTENDANCE
Fire Chief

REFUND OF LIQUOR
LICENSE DEPOSIT
Denied
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO? SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	September 7, 1956

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 7th day of
September, 1956, at the hour of 10:30 A.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Bid No. 56.48 - Fire Alarm System - Award

2. Bid No. 56.37 - Fire Alarm Cable - Award

3.	USE PERMIT (U-38-56) - Gordon and Stein service Station at 16th and Charleston

/s/ C. D. BAKER
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and

A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON,
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued
by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 7th
day of September, 1956, at the hour of 10:30 A.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Bid No. 56.48 - Fire Alarm System - Award

2. Bid No. 56.37 - Fire Alarm Cable - Award

3.	USE PERMIT (U-38-56) - Gordon and Stein service station at 16th and Charleston

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice
of special meeting.

/s/	C. D. BAKER	A. H. KENNEDY

WENDELL BUNKER	R. F. BOOS

HARRIS P. SHARP	HOWARD W. CANNON

E. W. FOUNTAIN

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 7, 1956

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
7th day of September, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 10:45 A.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the low bid of Gamewell Company on Bid No. 56.48 for
the installation of a Fire Alarm System, be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 56.48 be awarded to the low bidder, Gamewell
Company in the total amount of $78,857.07.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the low bid of Osborne Electric Supply Company on
Bid No. 56.37 for the furnishing of fire alarm cable, be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 56.37 be awarded to Osborne Electric Supply Com-
pany in the total amount of $77,600.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At the hour of 11:00 A. M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 12:30 P.M.

The Commission considered the application of J. A. Gordon and L. D. Stein for a use permit
to construct a super service station on the northwest corner of 16th and Charleston (E 39'
of Lot 9 and all of Lot 10, Block 3; Amended Mayfair Tract #2) in a C-1 zone. The Board
of Adjustment recommended approval of this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this application for Use Permit be approved and
the following resolution adopted:

BID NO. 56.48
Fire Alarm System
Awarded

BID NO. 56.37
Fire Alarm Cable
Awarded

USE PERMIT -U-38-56
Gordon & Stein
BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a special
meeting on the 7th day of September, 1956, having considered the application of J. A.

Gordon and L. D. Stein for a use permit to construct a super service station on the north-
west corner of 16th and Charleston (E39' of Lot 9 and all of Lot 10, Block 3, Amended May-
fair Tract #2) in an C-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application:

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of J. A. Gordon
and L. D. Stein for use permit to construct a super service station on the northwest
corner of 16th and Charleston be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners -

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk 	9-7-56

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 19, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
19th day of September, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Adm. Assistant	Robert	F.	Boos

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Mr. Herb Jones, representing the American Linen Supply Company appeared before the Commission
to report on the progress being made to abate the nuisance of the conveyor across the alley
at 1001 South 1st Street. Mr. Jones reported that the rails had been taped to cut down
the noise and apparently the neighbors were no longer bothered.

The public hearing on the appeal of E. W. Van Buskirk of the denial of his application for
variance to vary the front yard requirements in certain lots in Blocks 26, 27 and 28,
Charleston Heights #4 having been continued from September 5, 1956, Mayor Baker announced
that Mr. Van Buskirk's attorney had requested that this matter be continued until the
middle of October.

Commissioner Bunker moved this public hearing be continued until October 17, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the application of E. O. Underhill for the rezoning of the W½
of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 20, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1. This application
was approved by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voice.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application to rezone the W½ of the SE¼ of the
SW¼ of Section 20, T20S, R61E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the application of James Cashman to rezone property on West
Bonanza Road, west of the Moulin Rouge Hotel, recommended for approval by the Planning
Commission from R-E and C-2 to C-2.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the property on West Bonanza Road beginning
at the SE corner of the N½ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, thence N50' thence W1300'
to the SE corner of the tract, thence N670', thence W325', thence S670', thence E325' to
the point of beginning at the SE corner of the tract be rezoned from R-E and C-2 to C-2.

AMERICAN LINEN
Conveyor Across
Alley

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance Appeal

V-ll-56

E. W. Van Buskirk

REZONING -Z-23-56
E. O. Underhill
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Twin Lakes Shopping Center to rezone all of
that portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29, T20S, R61E which lies east of the Tonopah
Highway from R-1 to C-1 be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the application of Clyde A. Scheppele to rezone Lots 3 through
7, Block 1, Charleston Square #2, 1109-1131 South 17th Street, from R-2 to R-4. This
application was denied by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the application of the City of Las Vegas to classify Lot 1 and
the east 21.69 feet of Lot 2, Block 2, Huntridge #2 and the west 33.41 feet of Lot 2,

Block 2, Huntridge #1 as C-1. This application was approved by the Planning Commission.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this zoning. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this application be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Planning Commission that Block 1A and
IB and Lots 1-4, 37-54 of Block 2, Twin Lakes Village Lots 55 and 56, Block 2, Twin
Lakes Village #3; Lots 30-36, 5-8, and a portion of Lot 23, Block 2, Heers Subdivision
be rezoned from R-2 and R-3 to R-1.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
this rezoning approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker,	, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain passed his vote.

The Commission considered the recommendation of the Manning Commission to rezone a portion
of Lot 3, Block 1, Jubilee Tract from R-3 to R-1; Lots 6-13 and a portion of Lot 3, Block
1, portions of Lots 7 and 8, Block-2; portions of Lots 7 and 8, Block 3; Lots 8 and 3 and
a portion of Lot 7, Block 4, Jubilee Tract from R-4 to R-3.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and the rezoning approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.
Consideration was given to the application of the Union Oil Company to rezone property be-
ginning at a point on the south side of Bonanza Road that is 30.02 feet south and 599.36
feet west of the NE corner of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E which is located
at the intersection of H and Bonanza, from M-1 to M-2. The Planning Commission denied
this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and this application
for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the application of J. W. Garehime to rezone property l40' by 100'
in Plot 4, Block 8, Artesian Acres, which is the northeast corner of 23th and Stewart Streets,
from R-E to C-2. The Planning Commission denied this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none, Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Robert L. Faiman for a Retail Beverage license
at Faiman's Village, 1000 Tonopah Highway be approved subject to the condition that the
beer and wine be displayed near the check stand.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following new applications for gaming licenses be approved:

D-X STATION INC.	A. D. Cook	333 North Main	2	slots

DESERT DRUG	C. R. Millhizer	F. & Van Buren	3	slots

FAIMAN'S VILLAGE	Robert L. Faiman	1000 Tonopah	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

REZONING -Z-26-56
Twin Lakes Shopping
Center

REZONING -Z-27-56
Clyde A. Scheppele

REZONING -Z-28-56
City of Las Vegas

REZONING -Z-23-36
Twin Lakes Village #1
& #3 &Heers Subdivision

REZONING -Z-31-56
Jubilee Tract

REZONING -Z-34-56
Union Oil Co.



REZONING -Z-36-56
J. W. Garehime

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Faiman's Village

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New
Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Arquilla & Tabak for one additional
Big 6 Wheel at the California Club, 101 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not voting: Commissioner Bunker.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Robert L. Faiman for a license for the re-
tail sale of cigarettes and tobacco at Faiman's Village, 1000 Tonopah Highway be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 4 to 545 and 547 to 558 inclusive in
the net amount of $76,633.61 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 7907 to 8060 inclusive
in the total amount of $159,393.61 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of September 5 and 7, 1956, be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney to attend the
Conference of the National Institute of Municipal Law Officers in Omaha, Nebraska October
8 to 10, 1956 be approved and expenses of $250.00 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has filed a complaint in eminent domain against
Ancell G. Brown and others for the purpose of constructing Owens Avenue West of the Union
Pacific Railroad right-of-way; and

WHEREAS, the City desires immediate possession of Parcel No. 1 as described in the
complaint on file in Case No. 78483 in the Eighth Judicial District Court of the State of
Nevada in and for the County of Clark; and

WHEREAS, an order has been issued by said Court authorizing	the	possession	by the

City of said Parcel No. 1 upon the filing of a bond to insure	the	property owner	that his

damages and costs will be paid, the amount of said bond to be Fifteen Thousand ($15,000)
Dollars; and

WHEREAS, the City desires to furnish said bond as required by the order of the
Court in order to obtain immediate possession;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of September, 1956, that the Mayor and
City Clerk be authorized sign a surety bond for the City of Las Vegas as principal in
an amount not to exceed Fifteen Thousand ($15,000.00) Dollars for the purpose of taking

immediate possession of the land, the subject to an action in eminent	 domain commenced by

the City of Las Vegas against Ancell G. Brown and others, such bond to run in favor of
Ancell G. Brown and Connie Brown.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized
to execute any other necessary documents or proceedings in order to effect the provisions of
this resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Ralph Denton, representing Western Parking Inc. in their proposal to operate the five
city parking lots appeared before the Commission at this time.

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Fountain and Sharp to meet with representatives of Western
Parking Inc. and the City Manager to study this proposal and report to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that purchase of 26.7 acres from the Las Vegas Valley Water
District, east of Hyde Park, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission now considered the deed from the Las Vegas Valley Water District for this
26.7 acre parcel of land located in the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 31, T20S, R61E, MDB&M,
for park purposes,approximately seven acres of which are to be set aside to be purchased by
the School District for a Jr. High School.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

Additional

CIGARETTE LICENSE

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE
City Attorney

RESOLUTION

Condemnation of Owens
Avenue

PARKING LOT PROPOSAL

PURCHASE OF PARK
PROPERTY

L.V. Valley Water
District
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of September, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of

the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 19th

day of September, 1956, executed by Las Vegas Valley Water District, a Public Corporation

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property

described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker, moved that payment of $50,806.00 to the Las Vegas Valley Water District
for the 26.7 acres be approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is in the process of acquiring and installing addi-
tional parks throughout the City; and

WHEREAS, it is desirable in connection therewith to provide playgrounds end play-
ground equipment; and

WHEREAS, one of such parks is now to be established on North Fifth Street at the
location heretofore known as the Old Ranch; and

WHEREAS, the funds of the City are limited for the purpose of providing equipment
on such parks and playgrounds; and

WHEREAS, the combined Lions Clubs of the City of Las Vegas have volunteered to con-
tribute playground equipment for the above named park; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners desire to recognize the worthwhile efforts
of such civic organizations;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners at a regular meet-
ing held on the 19th day of September, 1956, that the park now being established by the
City of Las Vegas on North Fifth Street at the location heretofore known as the Old Ranch
be and the same is hereby designated and named and shall hereafter be known as

LIONS CLUB PARK

and shall be so posted and marked on all of the maps of the City and shall be known by
that name hereafter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

It was the concensus of the Board that the foregoing resolution would not preclude any other
organizations from contributing equipment and putting up a plaque or marker in the park.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Trailer Park
Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Fountain moved the final map of Twin Lakes No. 6 be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the release of the bond on the off-site improvements for Charleston
Heights No. 3 be deferred.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Virginia Manor be approved subject to the subdivider
signing a subdivision agreement to include the installation of all improvements including
streets lights.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that final payment of the 10% retention to Espy Brothers on Assess-
ment District No. 200-17 in the total amount of $2,062.07 be approved and a. warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

An easement from the Nevada Southern Gas Co. for a storm drain in Section 27, T20S, R61E,
was considered at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

CITY PARK NAMED
Lions Club Park

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Trailer Parks



TWIN LAKES
Final Map

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 3

VIRGINIA MANOR
Final Map

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 290-17
Final Payment

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Nevada Southern Gas
BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of September, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated the 12th
day of September, 1956, executed by Nevada Southern Gas Company, a Nevada Corporation to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said easement
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Charlie and Janie Evans for permission to move
a house from 615 Jefferson to 908 Van Buren be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of John Guaghan and Mel Exber for a license for
a Sports Book at the Hollywood Sports Book, 115 North 1st Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Clerk be instructed to notify the owner of the Esquire Bar
to appear before the Commission on October 3, 1956, to show cause why the tavern license
should not be revoked for sale of liquor to minors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

City Attorney Cannon requested permission to employ a court reporter to take some depositions
in connection with restraining orders.

Commissioner Bunker moved that permission be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the action taken in this meeting granting a license for one Big
6 Wheel to the California Club be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Not voting: Commissioner
Bunker. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor be authorized to sign a letter to the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company requesting the release of that certain 10 acres of land being purchased from
the Railroad Company so that the same can be conveyed to the Eagles Club.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting recess subject to the call of the Chair.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

9-19-56

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 3, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
3rd day of October, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor	C.	D.	Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.	W.	Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.	H.	Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	R.	F.	Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Hanning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

HOUSE MOVING
C. Evans - Denied

GAMING APPLICATION
Hollywood Sports Book

ESQUIRE BAR

COURT REPORTER

SERVICES



GAMING APPLICATION
California Club
Action Rescinded

EAGLES CLUB PROPERTY
At this time the petition protesting the granting of the Use Permit to Mssrs. L. D. Stein and
Jeseph Gordon to construct a service station on the northwest corner of 16th and Charleston,
legally described as the east 39 feet of Lot 9 and all of Lot 10, Block 3, Amended Mayfair
Tract #2 in a C-1 zone, which was approved by the Board of Commissioners on September 7, 1956.

The Commission was advised that the petition protesting the granting of this use permit had
been filed on September 26, 1956; that those property owners within the 300 feet area protesting
had been notified of the public hearing held by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, but had not
appeared at that meeting or filed a written objection.

Fire Chief Elmer Gates reported that the plans for this service station had been checked and
did meet all the requirements of the Fire Prevention Code.

His Honor asked if there were any persons present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. L. E. Cripe of 1606 Mayfair Place appeared and voiced his objection on the basis that it
was too close to a public school and was a safety and traffic hazard. Mr. Cripe stated that
he had received notice of the public hearing before the Board of Zoning Adjustment, but had
not appeared at that meeting.

Mayor Baker announced that it was the opinion of the City Attorney that the only recourse
was to request revocation of the building permit which has been heretofore issued.

No further action was taken on this matter.

Mayor Baker announced that the Commission did not propose to take any action on the recommend-
ation of the Planning Commission on the proposed alignment of Highland Drive between West
Charleston Boulevard and San Francisco Avenue until a map has been filed by the Planning
Commission and public hearings have been held on the location of the free-way as proposed by
the State Highway Department.

Mr. Art Ham, Jr., representing property owners in this area stated that he had discussed this
matter with Messrs. Otis Wright and Houston Mills of the State Highway Department and had been
advised that the preliminary plans for the free-way are expected to be ready by November 1, 1956
He indicated that his clients were in accord with the Commission's proposal to hold this
matter until after the location for the free-way had been determined.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections. None were voiced. His Honor announced that
when this matter is again to be considered by the Planning Commission and/or the City Commission
that the property owners will be properly notified.

This being the time for Mr. Isadore Bernson, licensee for the Esquire Bar, 120 South 2nd Street
to be present to show cause why his tavern liquor license should not be revoked for sale of
liquor to minors, Mr. Bernson appeared before the Board.

Mr. Bernson stated that he had operated this bar for four and one half years and this was
his first offense. He advised the Commission that in this one instance he was in the wrong,
but that the individual served had kept his back to the bar, the place was crowded and the
serving was an oversight that would not happen again.

Police Chief Sheffer reported that as far as the Police Department was concerned, the Esquire
Bar operation was all clear with this one exception.

The Commission requested that the lighting in this business be checked to see that it is
sufficient to meet requirements.

Mr. Bernson was advised by the Board that it is their determination that the sale of liquor
to minors must be stopped, and warned Mr. Bernson that if there is a reoccurrence in this re-
gard that his license will be revoked. He further advised that he is to work in cooperation
with the Police Department in the operation of his business.

At this time the Commission considered the petition signed by eleven property owners in the
vicinity of the Elks Club Stadium and Lions Club Park complaining about the motor cycle races
being held Saturday and Sunday mornings from 8:00 to 12:00 noon on the property belonging to
the Elks Club.

Mr. Herb Hill, spokesman for the motorcycle group was present and advised the Commission that
his association held their races only on Sundays from 10:00 to 12:00 noon. He indicated that
they were well supervised and gave the youngsters, as well as the spectators, a great amount
of enjoyment. He agreed that there was a certain amount of noise involved due to the fact
the mufflers have been removed from these racing type of motorcycles in order to increase the
horsepower and speed, but that it is only four hours a week and the races are well controlled.

His Honor asked if there was anyone else present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. Sander, owner of the Sunnyside Nursery, appeared before the Commission and stated that
he had signed the petition protesting these races. He stated that he was not opposed to
these races as recreational facility, but he did object to the site and the time, since day
sleepers in the area are not able to sleep.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be referred to the Police Department for investigation
and report to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.50 for the installation
of a traffic signal system at 3th and Oakey, bids were received from the following firms:

NEVADA ELECTRIC	$3,901.50

GALLAND ELECTRIC	4,265.00

REYNOLDS ELECTRIC	7,613.63

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION OF PROTEST
USE PERMIT
U-38-56

HIGHLAND DRIVE
Proposed Alignment

ESQUIRE BAR
Show Cause Hearing

MOTORCYCLE RACES
Protest Petition

BID NO. 56.50
Traffic Signal System
5th & Oakey
This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.51 for the paving of West
Charleston Boulevard from Campbell Drive to Rancho Road, the following bid was received:

WELLS-STEWART	$8,294.65 - Stage I, Alternate I

8,393.65 - Stage I, Alternate II
11,237.04 - Stage I, Alternate III

8.933.40 - Stage II, Alternate I

8.933.40 - Stage II, Alternate II
ll,904.76 - Stage II, Alternate III

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department for
tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Harry Claiborne appeared at this time on behalf of Messrs. Albert and David Mengarelli
in their request to reopen the Log Cabin Bar at 122 North 1st Street which has been closed
since April 11, 1956.

The Commission questioned Mr. Albert Mengarelli as to who would be responsible for the opera-
tion of this business in the event the suspension is lifted. Mr. Mengarelli advised the Board
that he would be in complete charge if that was their desire and that his brother David would
take care of the parking lots they own.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the suspension of the tavern license for the Log
Cabin Bar at 122 North 1st Street be lifted and this license issued to Albert Mengarelli,
subject to this building being brought up to code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Twin Lakes Shopping Center, Inc. to rezone all
of that portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29-20-61 which lies east of the Tonopah
Highway from R-1 to C-1.

Planning Director Franklin Bills reported that this application had been approved by the
Planning Commission, and the matter deferred from the City Commission meeting of September
19, 1956 to check on the fact that two parcels of land in this area proposed to be rezoned
did not belong to the Twin Lakes Shopping Center. Mr. Bills stated that one of the parcels
in question is owned by Mr. Phil Shanedling who is one of the principals in the Twin Lakes
Shopping Center, and the other property is owned by M. M. Sweeney and John Pappas who have
given written indication of their desire to have this property rezoned C-1.

Mr. Louis Wiener, Jr. and Mr. Francis Wakley were present on behalf of the applicant and
requested approval so that the proposed shopping center can proceed.

The Commission questioned Messrs. Weiner and Wakley on whether or not the Twin Lakes
Shopping Center actually intended to develop this project or whether they might sell the prop-
erty to someone else in the event it is rezoned. The Commission was advised that Twil Lakes
Shopping Center definitely intended to go ahead with the project as planned.

The representatives of the applicant were further questioned concerning the installation of
off-site improvements, and indicated they would be willing to enter into an agreement to
install whatever the City required.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this application for rezoning be approved subject to
the applicant entering into an agreement for the installation of off-site improvements, filing
of a bond, completion of the improvements within six months, and the developing of the pro-
posed project according to a plan to be submitted and approved by the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting ay; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

Consideration was given to the application of Ray Smith for rezoning of property beginning at
the NE corner of the NE¼ of the SW¼ of Sec. 33-20-61, running along the centerline of Section
33, southerly 1839.46', thence westerly 304.31', thence northerly 518.70', thence westerly
1015.88', thence northerly 660.61½', less 30', thence easterly 330.00', thence northerly 660.61½',
thence easterly 992.15' to the true point of beginning from R-1 to M-1, which was denied by
the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted, and this
application for rezoning denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission to rezone Blocks C
and D of the Beverly Green Tract from R-1 to R-4, which was an error when the Land Use Map
was adopted December 7, 1953. Mr. Bills advised the Commission that the Planning Commission
determined the properly is best suited for development as multiple family housing.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted
and Blocks C and D of Beverly Green Tract be rezoned from R-1 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the application of O. W. Clark for rezoning of property
beginning at a point that is 3b7.33'north and 60' east of the S½ corner of Sec. 35-20-61;
thence North 347.3', thence east 100'; thence south 347.5'; thence west 100' to the point of
beginning proposed by the Planning Commission to be rezoned from R-1 to R-4: and the recommen-
dation of the Planning Commission to rezone property beginning at a point that is 694.52' north
and 60' east of the S¼ corner of Sec. 35-20-61; thence north 130'; thence east 100; thence
south 130'; thence west 100' to the point of beginning from C-2 to R-4.

Mr. William SingLeton, representing Mr. Clark, advised the Commission that the application
his client made to the Planning Commission was for the rezoning to C-1, but the application

BID NO. 56.51
W. Charleston Paving

LOG CABIN BAR
Request to Reopen

REZONING -Z-26-56
Twin Lakes Shopping
Center

REZONING -Z-22-56
Sec. 33-20-61
Ray Smith



REZONING -Z-37-56
Beverly Green

REZONING -Z-38-56
O. W. Clark
had been amended by Planning and did not meet the requirements of Mr. Clark Mr. Singleton
further advised that it was their feeling that Mr. Clark's property would be of no value to
him zone R-4.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be referred back to the Planning Commission
for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:00 P. M the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 9:15 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission again considered the petition of the property owners in the vicinity of the
Elks Club Stadium and Lions Club Park complaining about the motorcycle races, due to the
fact that the petitioners were not present at the time discussion was held earlier in the
meeting.

Mrs. Heidi Hammer, spokesman for the petitioners, stated that they were opposed to the early
hours which interfere with peace and quiet of the neighborhood as well as the disturbance of
day sleepers.

The petitioners also stated that the motorcycles were traveling up and down North 5th Street
causing a nuisance insofar as noise is concerned.

The Commission advised these people that the City did have jurisdiction over the use of
public property, such as the streets, but that the use of private property which in this
case is owned by the Elks Club, is not under the control of the City. They were further
advised that their recourse in this latter instance was to file a complaint against those
causing the disturbance.

The petitioners were assured that the Police Department would patrol the area to stop those
motorcycles traveling on the public streets and creating a disturbance.

Consideration was given to the application of Michael Brodkin to rezone Lots l4 and 15;

Block 23, Wardie Addition, which is located at 631-33-33½' South 10th Street, from R-1 to
R-4. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this application be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and this
application for re zoning be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following Vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of R. J. Kaltenborn to rezone Lot 17, Block 1,

El Centro Addition #1 from R-2 to R-4, which was approved by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and Lot 17, Block 1, El Centro Addition #1 be rezoned from R-2 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the application of W. H. Johnson for the Union Pacific
Railroad Company to rezone the NW¼ of the of the SE¼ of Sec. 28-20-61 from R-3 to M-1,
as amended by the Planning Commission to include the east 200' of the NW¼ of Section 33 and
the south 710' of the East 200'of the SW¼ of Sec. 28-20-61 from M-1 to R-4.

Director of Planning Bills reported that the property proposed to be rezoned M-1 lies east
of the proposed Highland Drive and south of Bonanza Road, He further stated that that
area proposed to be R-4 is west of Highland Drive.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
this property rezoned M-1 and R-4 as recommended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Bunker and Sharp
passed their votes.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the map showing the proposed development of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company property as an Industrial Tract. — From West Bonanza Road
south approximately 1000 feet; from the Railroad tracks on the east to the proposed alignment
of Highland Drive.

The Planning Commission recommended approval of this tentative development plan, subject to
the following conditions:

1.	All sewers and streets be constructed by the Railroad Company.

2.	That it is understood that the sewers, as designed are adequate for sanitary
sewers, but not for industrial waste.

3.	That all street construction be according to City of Las Vegas engineering
standards and specifications.

4. That approval of this map does not necessarily commit the Planning Commission
to later approve an extension of F Street to the proposed West Fremont Street
extension, should a grade separation crossing be installed.

The Board of Commissioners indicated that this plan would be considered at the time a tenta-
tive map is prepared and submitted by the Railroad Company.

MOTORCYCLE RACES
Protest Petition

REZONING -Z-40-56
Micheal Brodkin



REZONING -Z-35-56
R. J. Kaltenborn
El Centro Addn #1

REZONING -Z-6-56
UPPR Property



UPRR INDUSTRIAL
DEVELOPMENT PLAN
At this time consideration was given to the proposed easement for Highland Drive between
West Bonanza and West Charleston Boulevard, and the agreement with the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company covering the improvement of the same.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, a proposed agreement between the Union Pacific Railroad Company and City of Las
Vegas whereby the Railroad Company grants to the City of Las Vegas an easement and right
of way for highway purposes, including the right to construct, install and thereafter main-
tain sewers and storm drains and to grant to others the right to install and maintain
pole lines and pipe lines over, along and across portions of Sections 28 and 33, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M, City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

WHEREAS, the Council of the City of Las Vegas has said proposed agreement before it
and has given it careful review and consideration; and

WHEREAS, it is considered that the best interest of said City of Las Vegas will be
subserved by the acceptance of said agreement;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

That the terms of the agreement submitted by the Railroad Company as aforesaid be,
and the same are hereby accepted in behalf of said City;

That the Mayor of said City is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to execute
said agreement on behalf of said	City and that	the City Clerk of	said City	is hereby	author-
ized and directed to attest said	agreement and	to attach to each	duplicate	original of	said

agreement a certified copy of this resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple	and His Honor	voting aye; noes,	none.

Commissioner Fountain introduced	and moved the	adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, there was presented to the City Council a form of agreement between the
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY and its Lesse, UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY,
corporations of the State of Utah, covering the improvement of proposed highway between Bonanza
Road and Charleston Boulevard in Las Vegas, Nevada,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED; That the form of agreement between the City of Las
Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, corporations of
the State of Utah, covering the improvement of proposed highway between Bonanza Road and
Charleston Boulevard in Las Vegas, be, and the same is hereby approved, and the Mayor and Clerk
of said City are authorized and directed to execute said agreement for and on behalf of the
said City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the tentative map of the Hollydale Tract Subdivision, the same
being ten (10) acres located in the W½ of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 20, T20S, R61E,MDB&M.

Commissioner Bunker moved this tentative map be rejected in its present form due to the fact
there are two half streets in the proposed subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the right-of-way design for San Francisco Avenue as
proposed by the Planning Commission.

PLanning Director Bills explained that it was proposed that the setback on San Francisco from
the Boulder Highway to Paradise Road be sixty feet on the City's side or north side of the
Street and ninety feet on the County's side or south side of the street. He further reported
that from Paradise Road to South 5th Street it was proposed that the setback be eighty feet
on the north side and seventy feet on the south side.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and the
design and proposed setbacks for San Francisco Avenue from the Boulder Highway to South 5th
Street approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for the
installation of a traffic signal at Fremont and Bruce intersection when funds are available
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the City of Las Vegas to construct a fire station
north of West Charleston Boulevard and east of Hyde Park, legally described as a portion of the
NW¼ of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 31-20-61, in an R-1 zone, as approved by the
Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for Use Permit be approved and the following re-
solution adopted:

HIGHLAND DRIVE
AGREEMENT & EASEMENT
UPPR

HOLLYDALE SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map



SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE
Design & Setback

TRAFFIC SIGNAL
Fremont & Bruce

USE PERMIT-U-41-56
City of Las Vegas
Fire Station Site
BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 3rd day of October, 1956, having considered the application of
the City of Las Vegas for Use Permit to construct a fire station north of West Charleston
Boulevard and east of Hyde Park, legally described as a portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of
the SE¼ of Section 31-20-61 in an R-1 zone; and

  The Board of Commissioners having considered the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment approving this application;

It is the decision of this Board that the application of the City of Las Vegas for
Use Permit to construct a fire station north of West Charleston Boulevard and east of Hyde
Park be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Phil Shanedling Investment Co. for Variance
to construct a service station for Tidewater Oil Company at the northeast corner of
Bonanza Road and Tonopah Highway, denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Director of Planning Bills explained that the Planning Commission felt that this type of
business at this location was not good since it would develop more traffic at this inter-
section.

Mr. David Goldwater representing the applicant was present disagreed on this point and
stated that one acre was proposed for this service station which is considerably larger
than generally allocated for this type of business.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be referred to the Traffic and
Parking Commission for recommendation

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Sam P. Cava for variance to construct a pro-
fessional office building at the northwest corner of South 8th and East Charleston,
described as Lots 23 to 27 inclusive of Block 3b, South Addition and the portion of Block
B, Wardie Addition adjoining Lots 26 and 27 of Block 34, South Addition, in an R-4 zone.

The Board of Adjustment approved this application for variance subject to the applicant
signing an agreement and filing a bond for the installation of off-site improvements,
which have been received.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved subject to the off-
site improvements, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 3rd day of October, 1956, having considered the appli-
cation of Sam Cava for variance to construct a professional office building at the north-
west comer of South 8th and East Charleston, described as Lots 23 to 27 inclusive, of
Block 34, South Addition and the portion of Block B, Wardie Addition adjoining Lots 26
and 27 of Block 34, South Addition, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
that this application be approved subject to the applicant signing an agreement and
filing a bond for the installation of off-site improvements which have been received;

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Sam P. Cava for
variance to construct a professional office building on the northwest corner of South
8th and East Charleston Boulevard be approved subject to conditions as set forth by
the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote.

The application of Eileen Paskuly for variance to construct an addition to an existing
dwelling, two feet from the rear lot line at 818 south 2nd Street between Hoover and Gass
(Lots 21 through 23, Block 7, South Addition) in an R-4 zone, as approved by the Board
of Adjustment.

Planning Director Bills reported that the bond and agreement for the installation of
off-site improvements are on file.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved and the following
resolution adopted:	

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
at a regular meeting held on the 3rd day of October, 1956, having considered the application
of Eileen Paskuly for variance to construct an addition to an existing dwelling, two feet
from the rear lot line at 818 South 2nd Street between Hoover and Gass (LOts 21 through
23, Block 7, South Addition in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application for variance subject to the applicant signing an agreement and filing a
bond for the installation of off-site improvements, which has been received.

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Eileen Paskuly for variance to
construct an addition to an existing dwelling, two feet from the rear lot line at 8l8
South 2nd Street between Hoover and Gass be approved subject to the conditions as set
forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the Following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George E. Wade reported that Dawson Park No. 2 subdivision has been completed
and recommended that it be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Dawson Park No. 2 be accepted and the performance bond
released.

VARIANCE -V-l4-56
Phil Shanedling

VARIANCE -V-15-56
Sam Cava

VARIANCE -V-16-56
Eileen Paskuly

DAWSON PARK NO. 2
Final Acceptance and
Release of Bond
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Engineer Wade presented the request of J. A. Tiberti Construction Company,
contractor for the construction of the Fire Alarm Building, for extension to November 1,

1956 for the completion of this building. Mr. Wade explained that a generator has not
been received at the present time; it would require approximately two weeks to install
when it has been received.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request for extension of time on the completion of the Fire
Alarm Building to November 1, 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of James M. Lane for reduction of the solicitor's
license fee to the general license fee to sell the Family Record Plan of Las Angeles be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Ernie Megowan, Interstate Restaurant Supply
for reduction of the solicitor's license fee to sell food products be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request to add the name of Carl Weinheimer to the license
for the slot machines at the Silver Palace, 32 Fremont Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Frank Kozal for license for four slot machines
at Kozal's Inc., 1440 North 5th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 362 Through 1097 in the net amount of
$76,009.67 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 8062 to 8218 inclusive
in the total amount of $283,904.06 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for charitable solicitations permits
be approved subject to the approval of the Solicitations Review Board:

1)	B'nai B'rith Lodge

2)	Las Vegas Business & Professional Women

3)	Nevada Tuberculosis & Health Assn-Clark County Tuberculosis Committee

4)	St. Viator's Church Altar & Rosary Society

5)	Women's Hospital Auxiliary of Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital

6)	Community Chest

7)	Veterans of Foreign Wars

8)	American Legion Silver State Drum Corps

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of September 19, 1956 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Tom Mi Dahlia for a photographer's license
be denied on the grounds of public policy and morals and in that it is found that because
of his previous record, he is unfit to be granted a photographer's license in the City
of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced eight resolutions submitted by the Nevada Municipal Asso-
ciation, approved at the spring meeting in Ely, Nevada, concerning proposed legislation,
and requested that these resolutions be approved by the Commission

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolutions be adopted:

RESOLUTION OF NEVADA MUNICIPAL ASSOCIATION

I - WHEREAS, the various public agencies within the State of Nevada are sorely in need of
fund with which to conduct the affairs of the appropriate governmental bodies,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Association does hereby go on record as
recommending to the 1957 Legislature the adoption of an amendment providing that 23
per cent of the sales tax revenue be returned to the City and County of governments.

II-	WHEREAS, the present sales tax law does not provide for exemption of sales tax on
materials sold to contractors incorporating such materials into public works,

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Extension of Time

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
REDUCTION
James M. Lane

Ernie Megowan

GAMING LICENSES
Addition of Name



New

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

CHARITABLE SOLICI-
TATION PERMITS

MINUTES



PHOTOGRAPHERS LICENSE
Tom Mi Dahlia
Denied



RESOLUTIONS-
Nevada Municiple
Association
NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Association go on record as favoring an
amendment to the present law providing that all sales of materials to contractors for
incorporation into public improvements by contract with State, County or City Govern-
ments be exempt from paying sales tax thereon.

III-	Now, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Association go on record as favoring an
amendment to the State Budget Law to provide for the following matters:

A.	That a uniform Budget Act be adopted to apply uniformly to County, City and School
Districts.

B.	To provide that the Budget of County, City and School Districts be submitted as of
April 1st of each year.

C.	To permit fund transfers subject to the approval of the appropriate state agencies
without requiring an emergency loan when the appropriate agency has funds from
which transfers could be made.

D.	That legislations be enacted allowing incorporated cities to set aside funds each
year to be carried over as a sinking fund for the purpose of making future capital
expenditures.

IV-	NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Association go on record as favoring legis-
lation requiring persons accepting employment within the State to be considered as
residents for the purpose of licensing of motor vehicles.

V-NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the State law be amended to require the Attorney
General of Nevada to give written opinions to municipalities upon request on matters
involving interpretation of State statutes. VI-NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that legis-
lation be enacted providing that automobile licenses shall be issued: to the owner of a vehicle

and remain with the owner upon transfer of title to such vehicle. VII- WHEREAS, there is a
conflict in the present law governing Cities, in that some Cities are governed by General
Statutes and some by Special Charters.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Association secure legislation providing
that amendments to the general law governing municipalities shall not apply to Cities
incorporated under charter provisions when the charters thereof contains legislation
on the same subject.

VIII-NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Nevada Municipal Association go on record as
favoring the adoption of permissive legislation authorizing Nevada Cities to establish
an urban re-development agency if they find need for such an agency and so desire.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment to
the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Trailer Park
Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 23 OF THE ZONING ORDINANCE, ALSO KNOWN AS SECTION 23, CHAPTER
24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, TO PERMIT THE UNDERGROUND BULK STORAGE OF CHEMICALS,

OILS, GAS PRODUCTS AND OTHER DANGEROUS AND EXPLOSIVE SUBSTANCES IN AN M-1 ZONE UPON THE
SECURING OF A USE PERMIT; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH AND PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Sharp
and Whipple for recommendation.

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 610, OTHERWISE KNOWN AS THE SPECIALIZED ELECTRICAL
ORDINANCE, TO PROVIDE FOR A NEW METHOD AND PROCEDURE IN THE LICENSING OF PERSONS, FIRMS
AND CORPORATIONS ENGAGED IN THE BUSINESS OF CONSTRUCTING, INSTALLING, MAINTAINING, AND/OR
REPAIRING NEON AND/OR ELECTRIC SIGNS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO;

PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF, was read by title and referred to Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple for recommendation.

City Manager Kennedy and City Engineer Wade recommended that the off-site improvements in
Charleston Heights Tract No. 3 be accepted and the performance bond released.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this subdivision Charleston Heights Tract No. 3 be
accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Western States Construction for permission
to construct an additional runway across the alley between the Apache Hotel and the Nevada
Club on North 2nd Street. Mr. Kennedy indicated that the contractor had received the
necessary approval from the Southern Nevada Power Company insofar as the utility poles are
concerned.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Manager for handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented a quitclaim deed to the Las Vegas Valley Water District for
an access road from West Charleston Boulevard to the property recently purchased by the City
for park purposes from the Water District, east of Hyde Park. Mr. Kennedy explained this
street was to be relocated and requested approval of this deed and authorization for the
Mayor and Clerk's signatures.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this deed be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Trailer Parks

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
PLANNING AMENDMENT



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Neon Electric Signs

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
NO. 3

Acceptance & Board
Release

AERIAL PASSAGE WAY
Apache Hotel-Nevada
Club



LAS VEGAS VALLEY
WATER DISTRICT
Deed for R/W
City Manager Kennedy reported that three bids for the purchase of traffic paint had been re-
ceived, and requested permission to purchase the low bid of M. J. Di Biase Co. in the amount
of $911.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and a purchase order issued to the M. J*
DiBiase Co. for traffic paint in the amount of $911.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Manager Kennedy presented the request of J. G. Jenkins for permission to
preach on the streets in the vicinity of E and Jackson and F and Jackson for a period of
six months.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a resolution had been received from the
North Las Vegas City Commission thanking the City of Las Vegas for the assistance rendered
their Police Department recently when the majority of their personnel quit. This resolution
was ordered filed.

City Manager Kennedy presented the claim of Anne Powell for damages caused to her property
from the drainage from the disposal plant in the amount of $16,000.00. Mr. Kennedy advised
the Commission that the Insurance Adjuster had been notified and were checking on this claim.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this claim of Anne N. Powell in the amount of $16,000.00
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a plan was presented for the proposed park to be located east of Hyde Park,
showing the location of the new fire station in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the proposed site of the new fire station be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission also considered the proposed plan for the development of Lions Club Park
and indicated general approval of the plan as presented.

A resolution from the Realty Board protesting the holding of rezoning public hearings only
three times a year. No action was taken on this matter.

At this time Messrs. Stark and Johnson, liquor licensees for the Bank Club, 2300 E. Charleston
and Mrs. G. G. Donnell owner of the premises appeared before the Commission to request an
extension of time to allow the continuation of the operation at this location.

The Commission was advised that the building has been condemned and proper notice given,
but the licensees needed additional time to secure a suitable location before application
can be made for transfer.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the Bank Club be granted permission to continue the
operation of the tavern at 2300 E. Charleston for ninety (90) days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be instructed to submit the City Attorney recommend-
ations to change the zoning ordinance to permit the operation of taverns in certain zones.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time for the opening of bids for the installation of paving on North 1st Street
between Fremont and Ogden, bids were received from the following firms:

2" Paving	2½" Paving

IDEAL ASPHALT	65¢	80¢

WELLS CARGO	75¢	82¢

Commissioner Fountain moved the bid of Ideal Asphalt being the low bid, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Attorney be authorized to prepare an amendment to the
ordinance prohibiting the posting of signs on utility poles.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Whipple moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ay;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:





City Clerk		Mayor

TRAFFIC PAINT
Purchased

PERMIT TO PREACH
ON STREETS

NORTH LAS VEGAS
Resolution

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Ann Powell

NEW FIRE STATION
LOCATION

W. Charleston Area

LIONS CLUB PARK
Development Plan

REZONING HEARINGS
Protest

BANK CLUB-
Condemned Bldg.

License Extension

NORTH 1st STREET
PAVING - Bids

ORDINANCE AMENDMENT
Posting of Signs
On Telephone Poles
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

October 11, 1956

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER , CITY CLERK

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is
hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 11th day of
October, 1956, at the hour of 4:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Penalty on Licenses

2.	Bid No. 56.51 - West Charleston Paving from Campbell Drive to Rancho Road

3.	Manpower situation
4. Parking Lots

5. Street proposal in downtown area

6.	Hospital letter

7.	Police cars

8.	Palm Funeral Home bill

9.	Meritorious increases

10.	Slot machine application - Winzy's, 506 Fremont

/s/ C. D. BAKER_____________

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and

A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON,

City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued
by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 11th
day of October, 1956 at the hour of 4:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Penalty on Licenses

2.	Bid No. 56.51 - West Charleston paving from Campbell Drive to Rancho Road.

3.	Manpower situation
4. Parking Lots

5. Street proposal in downtown area

6.	Hospital letter

7.	Police cars

8.	Palm Funeral Home bill

9.	Meritorious increases

10.	Slot machine application - Winzy's, 506 Fremont

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice
of special meeting.

/s/ C. D. BAKER	REED WHIPPLE

E.	W. FOUNTAIN	RALSTON O. HAWKINS

WENDELL BUNKER	R. F. BOOS

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 11, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
11th day of October, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 5:00 P. M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Asst.	Robert	F.	Boos

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

The Commission considered the matter of penalties on business licenses in those instances
where the licensee through misunderstanding or misinterpretation of the new semi-annual
license and cycle-billing schedule, is late in the payments of his fees. After discussion,
the matter was referred to the City Manager for handling.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the NAACP for permission to use the Jefferson
Recreation Center on October 20, 19%. The Commission authorized the City Manager to
notify this organization that permission would be granted this time, but could not recur
due to the fact that this facility is provided for recreation for the children in this
area.

At this time City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of Wells-Stewart Construction
Company for the paving of West Charleston Boulevard from Campbell Drive to the intersection
of Rancho Road and suggested that authorization be granted to extend this contract to include
the improvement of the proposed access street to the proposed new fire station in the park
property which lies east of Hyde Park. Mr. Kennedy stated that the estimated cost of this
street was $4,000, which price includes the installation of a culvert and storm drain as
well as the paving of the street approximately 300 feet long.

LICENSE PENALTIES

JEFFERSON RECREATION
CENTER
Use by NAACP

BID NO. 56.51

W. Charleston Paving
Award
Mr. Kennedy further reported that there will be some additional expense incurred in the
installation of this improvement since there will be some tree removal and the possibility
that some of the property owners fences will have to be moved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 56.51 be awarded to Wells-Stewart in the total
amount of $17,228.05 subject to the contractor entering into the contract and filing the
required bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the car agencies in Las Vegas has been
contacted relative to entering into a contract to furnish new cars to the City on a rental
basis for use by the Police Department. He reported that the present rental agency, Tanner
Motors was anxious to terminate the existing agreement.

Mr. Kennedy stated that only two car dealers were interested and had submitted bids. These
two were Cashman and Sellman Motors. The City Manager reported that the best bid was that
of Sellman Motors, being $125.00 per month per car and he outlined the proposed agreement
which includes the supplying of the best four-door Dodge sedan, replacement every 12 months
or 40,000 miles, ability to cancel the contract upon 45 days written notice by either party,
etc.

Commissioner Fountain moved the proposal of Sellman Motors to furnish the City will Police
Cars on a rental basis be approved subject to the approval of the City Attorney and City
Manager of the proposed Contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager requested permission for the City to make an investigation of the claim of
Anne N. Powell that her property was damaged by drainage from the Sewage Disposal Plant.
Permission was granted.

At this time the City Manager advised the Commission that in certain departments of the City
that number of employees could be decreased without hindering the operation of the department.
He indicated that twelve positions in Engineering Department could be abolished. The
Commission was further advised that there would be other departments that could be cut back
so far as positions are concerned, which would make for an overall saving. It was decided
that the City Manager should have a resolution prepared to accomplish whatever reduction
in positions or personnel he recommends, to be presented to the Board at the next regular
meeting.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Dr. Lazar for permission to use the portion
of the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital annex that has been condemned by the City, until
his quarters are ready.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of W. P. Moorefield for a license for 8 slot
machines at Winzy's, 506 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, None. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for investigation and recommendation on the
parking lot proposals, requested additional time before reporting.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Palm Funeral Home at this time owes the
City for cemetery lots and services at the Woodlawn Cemetery for the months of June through
September. Mr. Kennedy further reported that Palm Funeral Home had requested permission to
pay on a ninety day instead of thirty day basis.

The Commission authorized the City Manager to notify Palm Funeral Home that they would have
to bring their account up to date immediately, and that payments would remain on the thirty
day basis.

MERIT INCREASES	Commissioner Bunker moved the following meritorious increases, as recommended by the Civil

	Service Board of Trustees and the City Manager, be approved:

NAME	DEPARTMENT	STEP	SCHEDULE	DOLLARS

Nease, Wilson F.	Cemetery	3-14	17	$273-288

Callihan, Fred	Engineering	1-2	27	426-450

Dittmer, Fred J.	"	2-3	26	426-450

Dowdell, Marie	"	4-5	17	288-305

Hopkins, Volney	"	2-3	26	426-450

Morgenstern, Jewell	Finance	3-4	20	322-341

Ferguson, Robert J.	Fire	3-4	23	381-403

McFarland, Otto	"	4-5	27	503-532

Mulford, James H. Jr.    "	4-5	25	450-476

Myers, Milton B.	"	4-5	23	403-426

Painter, Charles	"	4-5	23	403-426

Snider, Gerald E.	"	4-5	23	403-426

Swett, James D.	"	4-5	25	450-476

Jacobs, Francis E.	Golf Course	4-5	17	288-305

Hoen, Mildred	Library	2-3	17	258-273

Stewart, Shawnee	Planning	4-5	29	563-595

Bohlmann, Warren	Police	3-4	24	403-426

Bourland, Shirley	"	2-3	18	273-288

Compton, Bennie	"	3-4	24	403-426

Davis, Ronald E.	"	2-3	24	381-403

Elliot, Amos Allen	"	3-4	24	403-426

Feldman, Celia	"	2-3	19	288-305

Hartley, Alvin	"	2-3	24	381-403

10-11-56

POLICE CAR
Rental Contract

CLAIM FOR DAMAGE
Anne N. Powell

DECREASE OF MANPOWER

USE OF CONDEMNED
HOSPITAL BUILDING

GAMING APPLICATION
Winzy's

PARKING LOTS

PALM FUNERAL HOME
Cemetery Services


NAME	DEPARTMENT	STEP	SCHEDULE	DOLLARS

Huntzinger, Pauline	Police	4-5	19	322-341

Madison, Troy	" 	4-5	24	426-450

Miller, Harold	"	4-5	24	426-450

Munyan, Leonard	"	2-3	24	38l-403

Thompson, George	"	3-4	26	450-476

Wallace, Warren	"	3-4	24	403-426

Wanamaker, Beverly	"	4-5	18	305-322

Finley, Marie	Recreation	4-5	16	273-288

King, Herman B.	Sanitation	3-4	21	34l-360

Abbott, William Floyd Street	4-5	19	322-341

Hodapp, William	"	4-5	17	288-305

Klumpler, Joseph	"	4-5	20	341-360

Medlock, Hamilton	"	4-5	17	288-305

Peterson, Howard K.	"	4-5	20	34l-360

Potter, William	"	4-5	20	341-360

Dittmer, Roland	Garage	3-4	23	38l-403

Bowers, Henry C.	Street	Limiting	4-5	23	403-b26

Gibson, Mark J.	"	"	3-4	23	381-403

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal to improve 12 blocks within the
downtown area by the installation of a gravel base, which was never installed in these
particular blocks, and a new top coat of oil. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the
oil paving would cost the property owners approximately $1.80 per front foot, and recommended
that the gravel base be installed at the City's expense.

The Commission discussed the matter and advised the City Manager they were interested in
having more through streets and requested improvement of those streets that are developing
traffic. They further requested that the Engineering Department work out a program with
the money that is available, with these facts in mind.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins requested advice from the Commission concerning the
property owned by Mrs. Susan Mankiewicz, which is required by the City for the completion
of the Owens Avenue grade crossing. Mr. Hawkins reported that this property is 330 feet
in length, and an appraisal has been made.

The Commission authorized the City Attorney's office to negotiate with the owner of this
property, and granted permission to offer $4500.00 for the purchase.

There being no further business to come before the Board, the meeting adjourned.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:		

	Mayor



10-11-56

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 17, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
17th day of October, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney 	Ralston O. Hawkins
Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: City Attorney	Howard	W. Cannon

Commissioner	Harris	P. Sharp

This being the continuation of the public hearing on the appeal of E. W. Van Buskirk of the
denial of his application for variance of the front yard requirements on the following
property:

Lots 2 through 6, 10, 13, l4, Block 28; Lots 4, 7, 8, 3, through

14, 63 through 70, 73 through 78, Block 27; and Lots 4l and 42,

Block 26, all in Charleston Heights No. 4.

His Honor asked for discussion on this matter.

Mr. Kell Houssels, Jr., representing Mr. Van Buskirk appeared before the Commission at
this time and stated that his client came to Las Vegas with the intent of building fifty
homes and investing $100,000.00 in this construction. He reported that Mr. Van Buskirk
had investigated the area and had purchased fifty lots 60' x 100' and proposed to construct
a house such as he had built in California on exactly the same size of a lot. Mr. Van
Buskirk checked and found that the City requirements of a 23' front yard and 23' back yard
could be met, so he then purchased the lots in Charleston Heights #4. Mr. Houssels also
reported that his client at this time received FHA committments and secured financing, sub-
mitted detailed plans to FHA and was then notified that FHA required the staggering of the

DOWNTOWN STREET
IMPROVEMENT

OWENS AVENUE GRADE
CROSSING
Right-of-Way

PUBLIC HEARING
Variance Appeal

V-ll-56

E. W. Van Buskirk


houses 5 feet on every other lot. This requirement of the FHA made it impossible to
comply with City regulations, consequently an application for variance was made to the
Board of Adjustment, who subsequently denied said application.

Mr. Houssels stated that since the denial of this application for variance that he and
Planning Director Bills had met with representatives of the FHA and a compromise had been
reached in that FHA would permit a staggering of the houses 2½ feet instead of the 5 feet
originally stipulated.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that he had contacted four of the five
members of the Board of Zoning Adjustment relative to the compromise and each of said members
indicated they would approve an application for variance of 2½ feet on these lots.

Mr. Houssels pointed out that this was a hardship case since the securing of financing
was difficult and the house as designed, being fifty feet, could not be placed on the lot
in any other manner to meet requirements of both the City and FHA. He advised the
Commission that Mr. Van Buskirk stood to lose his initial investment if the variance was
not granted, and undoubtedly the City would stand to lose a $100,000 construction program.

Mayor Baker asked if Mr. Van Buskirk intended to proceed with this construction if the
variance was granted, and was advised that he would.

At the hour of 7:45 P. M. Commissioner Sharp arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved the appeal of E. W. Van Buskirk of the denial of his application
for variance of the frontyard and rear yard requirements of certain lots in Blocks 26,

27, and 28, Charleston Heights #4 be granted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 17th day of October, 1956, having held a public hearing on
the appeal of E. W. Van Buskirk of the denial by the Board of Adjustment of his application
for variance of front and rear yard setback requirements on certain lots in Blks 26,27 and
28 of Charleston Heights, Unit No. and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment and the
facts presented by the applicant in support of his application for variance, which facts
show that the FHA has waived some of its requirements, and which facts show a hardship and
a proper case to grant a variance,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners that the amended
application of E. W. Van Buskirk for a variance of 2½ feet less than the normal 25 foot front
yard setback requirement on the following lots:

Charleston Heights Unit Block 26, Lots 40 and 41; Block 27, Lots 2,
4,9,10,13,14,65,66,69,70,73,74,77, and 78; Block 28, Lots 2,3,6,7,10 and l4

and a 2½ foot variance from the normal 25 foot rear yard setback requirement on the
following lots:

Charleston Heights Unit #4, Block 27, Lots 7,8,11,12,67,68,75 and 76; Block
28, Lots 4,5 and 13

be and the same hereby is approved and the Building Department authorized to issue the
necessary permits for said construction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote.

VARIANCE -V-l4-56	At this time the Commission considered the application of Phil Shanedling Investment Com-

Phil Shanedling	pany for a variance to construct a service station at the NE corner of Bonanza Road and the

Investment Co.	Tonopah Highway.

The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was that this application for variance be
denied since an extremely hazardous traffic situation exists in this vicinity created
by the intersection design of Rancho and West Bonanza Roads, the existing commercial develop-
ment, the fire station and the heavy amount of traffic carried by these two main arteries
and because filling stations are one of the greatest creators of over the curb traffic.

The Traffic and Parking Commission also recommended that the application be denied as this
is now a potentially hazardous intersection and a service station would only increase the
hazard.

Mr. Louis Wiener, representing Phil Shanedling Investment Company was present and explained
to the Commission that it was contemplated that this service station would only be dispensing

20,000	gallons of gasoline per month which would be approximately 630 gallons per day. He
further advised that the station would only be open sixteen hours a day, and would mean
that as far as the traffic hazard created by cars coming and going to the station, there
would only be between seven and nine customers per hour.

Discussion followed on the design of the service station, and its access road was discussed
and changed to minimize the traffic hazard that had been set out by the Board of Adjustment
and Traffic and Parking Commission. A map showing the new design was then presented to the
Commission by Louis Wiener, attorney for the applicant.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved subject to
the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-site improvements and the filing
of a bond, said agreement to include:

1)	Paving to a line approximately 6 feet from the property line, continuous from
the center line of the existing right-of-way.

2)	No curb between the center line of the highway and property line, except curbs
adjacent to the sidewalk area.

3)	Installation of street lights.

10-17-56
4) The easterly entrance to be moved forty (40) feet to the east of the existing
ingress shown on the map on file with the City.

and further that signs indicating that no left-turns can be made, be posted by the Police
Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. James Snowden, licensee of Jimmy's Liquor Store appeared to show cause why
his package liquor license should not be revoked because of complaints received concerning
the financial status of his business.

The Commission was advised that Mr. Snowden's liquor store was licensed at 1400 North E
Street, but is not being operated at the present time, and that Mr. Snowden has applied
for a transfer to 607 Van Buren, but this location does not meet Building Code requirements
at the present time and the lease arrangement with the landlord has not been completed.

Mr. Snowden stated to the Board that the lease of the properly at 607 Van Buren had not
been completed due to the fact that this store is located in the same building as the
Ranch Market, who have a lease with the owner, Mr. Friednash, prohibiting a liquor store
in this building others than in the market. Mr. Snowden advised the Commission that until
this point could be rectified, the lease arrangements could not be completed.

The Commission was further advised that Mr. Snowden had not paid his license fee for the
current period. It was then determined by the Board that since there was no license in
existence that no revocation could he made. They advised Mr. Snowden that in the event
he did apply for a liquor license he would have to prove to them that he was financially
able to operate such a business before they would consider acting on such application.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1110 through 1652 in the net amount
of $76,325.83 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 8219 through 8369 and 8401
through 8426 in the total amount of $229,534.87 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Nevada Federation of Womens Clubs, District
#3, for a permit for a charitable drive, recommended for approval by the Solicitations Re-
view Board, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honorvoting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Richard C. Dykeman and Gladys Burns for
a Restaurant Beverage license at 6l4 South 5th Street, formerly issued to Harriet Cicchetti.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Richard C. Dykeman and Gladys Burns for
a Restaurant Beverage license at 614 South 5th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for licenses for the retail sale of
cigarettes and tobacco	products be approved.

CALIFORNIA CLUB	101	Fremont	Sutton Vending

CHEVRON SERVICE STATION	H & Bonanza	"	"

CHICKEN COOP	612	W. Bonanza	"	"

COUNTY ASSESSOR ANNEX	2nd	& Bridger	"	"

EL RIO GARAGE	2nd	& Ogden	"	"

KOZAL'S DAIRY BAR	l440 North 5th	"	"

DEL MAR RESORT MOTEL	l4ll South 5th	Valley Lee Vending Co.

DUO CLEANERS IN.	1320 South 5th	" "	"	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Albert Goot for license for 5 slot machines
at Park Market, 424 North 5th Street, formerly issued to Morris Diamond and Bernard Koblin,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, hone.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Kroloff Distributing for one additional slot
machine at Margo's, 8l4 West Bonanza be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of George Arquilla et al for license for one
additional Big 6 Wheel at the California Club, 101 Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:10 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:50 P.M
with all members present as of the opening session.

JIMMY'S LIQUOR
STORE

PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

CHARITABLE SOLICITA-
TION PERMIT

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner



CIGARETTE LICENSES

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Change of Owner



Additional


Mr. Ivan Regnier appeared before the Commission at this time to request the reduction of the
solicitor's license fee to permit him to go from house to house sharpening scissors and
knives. Mr. Regnier's request was that the license be reduced to the minimum fee of $40.00
per annum. The Commission indicated approval of this request and referred it to the City
Manager.

City Engineer Wade reported that the low bidder on Bid No. 56.50 for the installation of
a traffic signal system at 5th and Oakey was Nevada Electric. Mr. Wade stated that this
bidder had met the financial requirements, and recommended that the bid of Nevada Electric
be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 56.50 for the installation of a traffic signal
system at 5th and Oakey be awarded to the low bidder, Nevada Electric in the total amount
of $3501.50.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade reported that the extension of St. Louis Avenue from Dawson Park No. 2
to the Boulder Highway has been completed and recommended the acceptance of this project
and the release of the bond.

Commissioner Sharp moved the extension of St. Louis Avenue from Dawson Park No. 2 be
accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that the addition to the Jefferson Pool Building
had been completed, and the Notice of Completion recorded on October 9, 1956. Mr. Wade
recommended the acceptance of this construction and the payment of the 10% retention to
Willard Terry Construction Company after the expiration of the 35 day period allowed to
file liens.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the addition to the Jefferson Pool Building be accepted
and payment of the 10% retention in the amount of $l,044.70 to the contractor Willard
Terry Construction Company be made upon the expiration of the 35 day lien period.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Engineer Wade reported that the installation of the sprinkler system
at the Municipal Golf Course by Automatic Irrigation Company has been completed and the
Notice of Completion recorded September 10, 1956. Mr. Wade recommended this installation
be accepted and the payment of the 10% retention authorized.

Commissioner Whipple moved the sprinkler system at the Municipal Golf Course be accepted
and payment of the 10% retention in the amount of $3,161.69 to Automatic Irrigation
Company be made upon the expiration of the 35 day lien period.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade reported that the off-site improvements in Greater Las Vegas Addition
No. 2 had been completed and checked by all Departments. Mr. Wade recommended these
improvements be accepted and the bond released.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Greater Las Vegas Addition No. 2 be accepted and
the performance bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The request of Paul Smitley, Contractor on the Rehabilitation Farm Building for thirty
days extension of time on this contract, was considered by the Commission. City Engineer
Wade stated that the delay was caused by the shipment of the door frames, and recommended
this request be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Paul Smitley for a thirty day extension of time
on his contract for the construction of the Rehabilitation Farm Building be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the installation of the oil over-lay on North 6th Street
between Fremont and Stewart had been completed. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that
the original agreement with Wells-Cargo was that the City would pay for this work 60 days
after the completion of the project,if the work was satisfactory. Mr. Kennedy stated that
the Engineering Department had advised that the streets will stand up, and he recommended
that payment of $1,000 per block to Wells-Cargo be authorized.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and payment to Wells Cargo in
the amount of $2,000 for the installation of the over-lay on North 6th Street be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Manager reported on the Motorcycle races that are being held on
Sundays at Cashman Field. Mr. Kennedy stated that the Police Department had checked on
October 14th and found that the motorcycles started arriving at 9:30 A.M., the races
commenced at 10:00 A.M. and were conducted in an orderly manner. He further stated
that the races continued until 2:30 P.M. and the area was clear at 2:45 P.M.

The Commission requested that the Police Department continue to check these races
on Sundays.

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
FEE

BID NO. 56.50
Traffic Signal
System Awarded

ST. LOUIS AVENUE
EXTENSION - Release
of Bond

JEFFERSON POOL BLDG.
Acceptance & Final
Payment



MUNICIPAL GOLF COURSE
SPRINKLER SYSTEM
Acceptance & Final
Payment

GREATER LAS VEGAS
ADDITION #2
Acceptance & Release
of Bond

REHABILITATION FARM
Extension of Time
HEATERS FOR CITY	City Manager Kennedy reported that it will be necessary to provide heat for the new

BARNS	buildings at the City Barns, and requested permission to advertise for bids for gas

Permission to Advertise heaters. He stated the estimated cost was $1887.00.



Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that bids be advertised for the furnishing and installing
of gas heaters for the City Barns.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING APPLICATIONS
Time for Hearings

City Manager Kennedy reported that pursuant to the request of the Commission he had met
with the Las Vegas Realty Board concerning their letter requesting that meetings of the
Planning Commission on rezoning applications be held oftener than is presently being done.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the Realty Board would like to have meetings possible once a month
until a new master plan or land use plan can be adopted. He further stated that this organi-
zation had offered to assist the City in any way possible to help facilitate the prepara-
tion of the master plan. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the Planning Commission
estimated that it would require approximately one year to complete the new plan, and
requested that the Board of Commissioners meet with the Planning Commission to see if some-
thing can be worked out to handle applications during this interim period.

The Commission requested that the correspondence from the Las Vegas Realty Board and
the Federated Employers Association on the same subject be referred to the Planning
Commission for discussion and recommendation.

ADDITION TO CITY JAIL
Payment to Architect



City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Harry H. Whitely, architect for the addi-
tion to the City Jail for payment for the plans for the second story for which construction
is not contemplated. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this bill had been discussed
with the City Attorney's office and it was their opinion that Mr. Whitely was entitled to
one-half of his contracted fee, since the plans had been requested and approved even though
this portion of the addition was not going to be built.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that Harry H. Whitely be paid 50% of $1,162.50 for
the plans for the second story of the addition to the City Jail, and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE

Request for Reduction

At this time the request of Nettie Lockwood for reduction of the solicitor's license fee
to permit her to s ell artificial flowers on the street, was considered. City Manager
Kennedy reminded the Commission that Mrs. Lockwood's license fee had been reduced to $5.00
per quarter prior to the revision of the business license ordinance now in effect which
makes the minimum fee $40.00 per year.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Nettie Lockwood for further reduction of the
solicitor's license fee be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of George Steffey for reduction of the solicitor's
license fee to permit house to house solicitation for the sale of blind made products.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Mr. Steffey proposed to employ approximately ten
disabled veterans to sell these products that are made in federal institutions in the
western area of the United States.

REDUCTION OF CITY
Employees
Resolution



The Commission referred this request to the City Manager for handling.

At this time the City Manager Kennedy presented a resolution authorizing the reduction of
some employees in various departments of the City and reported that this would abolish 17
positions under this year's budget. He stated that four of these positions are presently
occupied by employees, the others are vacancies that have not been refilled. Mr. Kennedy
advised the Commission that according to the Civil Service Rules and Regulations the
abolition of these positions must be accomplished by the adoption of a resolution.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS Section IX G. of the Civil Service Rules and Regulations of the City of Las
Vegas authorize the Board of Commissioners to determine if certain positions and employments
in the competitive service of the City of Las Vegas should be abolished; and

WHEREAS, positions or employments may be abolished if it becomes necessary in the
interest of economy or because the necessity for the positions and employments involved no
longer exists, and

WHEREAS, an investigation has been made of the necessity for certain positions in the
competitive service and in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners certain positions and
employments should be abolished,

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 17th day of October, 1956 that in the interest
of economy and because the necessity for the position or employment in the competitive
service no longer exists, the following positions and employments are hereby abolished, to-wit

PARK DEPARTMENT

1 Assistant Cemetery Superintendent

DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE

1 Budget Officer

1 Intermediate Steno-Clerk

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC WORKS

1 Chief Inspector

1 Construction Inspector A

1 Construction Inspector B

1 Instrumentman

10-17-56
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC WORKS (Cont.)

1. Rodman-Chainman
1. Junior Civil Engineer
1. Structural Engineer

1	Budget Clerk

2	Intermediate Typist-Clerk
1 Junior Draftsman

1 Building Inspector
1	Chief Plumbing inspector

1	Chief Electrical Inspector

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that if within two years an appointment is to be made to
any position or employment in any existing or new class having the same or substantially
similar qualifications and duties as the position abolished, any employee laid off, demoted
or transferred may petition for such appointment unless he shall file a waiver in writing
to the Personnel Officer, or if laid off, he shall fail to report to the Personnel Officer
within twenty (20) working days after notice is mailed to his last known address.

Adopted and approved this 17th day of October, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; :noes, none .

CEMETERY SUPERIN-
TENDENT

House to be Vacated
Position Abolished



City Manager Kennedy recommended that the house now occupied by the Superintendent of the
Cemetery be vacated by January 15, 1957 so that these premises can be used for the officials
of the Park Department; and the services of the Cemetery Superintendent as said Cemetery
Superintendent be terminated as of January 1, 1957. Mr. Kennedy further recommended that
between now and the first of January an attempt will be made to transfer the present cemetery
superintendent to a different position if there is one available for which he is qualified.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DELINQUENT SEWER	City Manager Kennedy reported that there are approximately 80 delinquent sewer accounts

ACCOUNTS	on which liens have been filled and payment to the City has not been made at this time. The

	Manager advised that the next step would be to have the City Attorney proceed in Court to

collect the delinquent accounts.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Attorney be instructed to collect these delinquent
sewer accounts.

ANIMAL SHELTER

Operation Report

PAYROLL



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

At this time the City Manager gave a report on the operation of the animal shelter. Mr.
Kennedy stated that he had met on several occasions with a committee from the Clark County
Humane Society, and that they have advised him that they have a definite plan for resuming
operation of the animal shelter which will include settling financial obligations of the
Humane Society to local contractors and creditors. The City Manager reported that he had
advised them that the matter would not be on this agenda, but by the next meeting they
should submit their definite plans for consideration by the Board of Commissioners.

In view of the above, the Board indicated approval of the City's continuing the operation
of the animal shelter for approximately another thirty (30) days.

The City Manager advised the Commission that since the next regular meeting of the Board
is after the regular payday, that approval of the estimated payroll for the period ending
October 31, 1956 should be made at this meeting.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the payroll for the period ending October 31, 1956
in the estimated net amount of $80,000 be approved and warrants authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWER SERVICE ON STRIP   At this time City Manager Kennedy reported to the Commission that the City is no longer
	furnishing any sewer service to any hotels or other users on the "strip".

INDUSTRIAL FIRE STATION  The City manager requested authorization for final payment to Ray Baldwin, architect on
	the Industrial Fire Station in the amount of $272.82.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted and final payment to Ray Baldwin, architect
on the Industrial Fire Station in the amount of $272.82 approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REVIVAL MEETING PERMIT   City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Rev. Daniel N. Hisey for permission to hold a
	revival meeting in a tent to the east of the Helldorado Village, from October 16th through

November 5, 1956. Mr. Kennedy reported that permission to use the property owned by the
Elks had been secured by Reverend Hisey, the Police Department had approved the application,
and the tent and equipment had been checked by the Fire Department.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Rev. Daniel N. Hisey for a permit to
hold a revival meeting east of the Helldorado Village from October 16th through November
5, 1956, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

10-17-56
RENTAL 0F CATERPILLAR

PLANNING ORDINANCE
Proposed Appeal
Amendment



MINUTES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Liquor Amendment

ORDINANCE NO. 726
Trailer Parks



ORDINANCE NO. 727
Planning Amendment
M-1 Zone



ORDINANCE NO. 725
Electrical Neon Signs

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezonings

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Political Signs

VACATION OF EASEMENT
W. Charleston Area
Park



Mr. Kennedy requested permission to rent a D-8 Caterpillar for heavy work that the City
is presently contracting out. Mr. Kennedy reported that the cost of renting this equipment
would be $900.00 for the first month and $800.00 per month thereafter, and estimated that
it would take approximately three months to complete the work that this equipment would be
needed for. The City Manager stated that such projects as the clearing of the Old Ranch
property, work on Washington Street, Decatur Blvd, East Bonanza Road to 25th Street and High-
land between Bonanza and Charleston could be accomplished if this Cat is rented.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and a purchase order for
the rental of this D-8 Caterpillar authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented a proposed resolution to amend the existing Planning Ordinance
to permit a 10 day period to appeal rezoning applications.

Commissioner Bunker moved the resolution be adopted:

SEE PAGE 366 (after 11-7-56)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of October 3, 1956 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA REGULATING THE CON-

STRUCTION, MAINTENANCE, USE AND OPERATION OF TRAILER PARKS; REQUIRING PERMITS FOR THE
OPERATION OF TRAILER PARKS; PROVIDING REGULATIONS FOR THE USE AND STORAGE OF TRAILERS ON
PRIVATE PREMISES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, was read
in full to the Board at this time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 23 OF THE ZONING ORDINANCE, ALSO KNOWN
AS SECTION 23, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, TO PERMIT THE UNDERGROUND BULK
STORAGE OF CHEMICALS, OILS, GAS PRODUCTS, AND OTHER DANGEROUS AND EXPLOSIVE SUBSTANCES IN
AN M-1 ZONE UPON THE SECURING OF A USE PERMIT; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH
AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been report on favorably by
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, was read in full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 727 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 610, OTHERWISE KNOWN AS THE

SPECIALIZED ELECTRICAL ORDINANCE, TO PROVIDE FOR A NEW METHOD AND PROCEDURE IN THE LICENSING
OF PERSONS, FIRMS, AND CORPORATIONS ENGAGED IN THE BUSINESS OF CONSTRUCTING, INSTALLING,
MAINTAINING, AND/OR REPAIRING NEON AND/OR ELECTRIC SIGNS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF, having been reported on
favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Whipple, was read in full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 725 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance concerning Z-6-56, Z-23-56, Z-39-55, Z-25-56, Z-28-56, Z-29-56, Z-31-56,

Z-35-56, Z-37-56, Z-9-55, Z-7l:-53, entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE

NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY
AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONE
DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, was read by title and referred to Commissioners
Bunker and Sharp for recommendation:

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 7, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949,

BY PROHIBITING THE PLACING OF WRITTEN ADVERTISEMENTS UPON STRUCTURES WITHIN THE PUBLIC
RIGHT OF WAY; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING CONFLICTING ORDINANCES, was read by title and referred
to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

At this time Assistant City Attorney Ralston O. Hawkins presented the petition of the Las
Vegas Valley Water District for the vacation of an easement located in property recently
purchased from the District in the West Charleston Area, east of Hyde Park subdivision.

Mr. Hawkins explained that since the access street off of West Charleston Blvd, is required
to be relocated, that this petition for vacation should be accepted and the Water District
will present the new easement to the City which is in the proper location and will be an
extension of Hinson Avenue.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the petition for the vacation of this easement 80 feet
in width located in Section 31-20-61, recorded September 21, 1956 as Document 89555 in
Book 108 of Official Records of the County Recorder's office, be accepted and the action
of the meeting of October 3, 1956 quitclaiming this property back to the Las Vegas Valley
Water District be reaffirmed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

10-17-56
City Manager Kennedy requested correction of a typographical error in the minutes of
December 7, 1955 concerning a Use Permit (U-34-55) granted to Jeanne O'Donnell to convert
two dwelling units into professional suites at 1638 E. Charleston. The minutes show the
legal description as Lot 6, Block 1, Charleston Square and it should have been Lot 5,
Block 1, Charleston Square

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of December 7, 1955 be corrected as recommended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

UTILITY LINE HAZARD      The Commission directed the City Manager to have the telephone and utility lines and poles
	located in the alley between Fremont and Ogden and Fremont and Carson checked since it was

felt that the lines hang so low that it is a hazard to public safety to sidewalk pedestrians.

Discussion was held on the proposed house numbering system. Shawnee Stewart of the Planning
Staff, reported to the Commission that the proposed new system would tie in with the North
Las Vegas system with very few exceptions; the main inconsistency being that the house
numbers on each side of Owens Avenue will be even.

Mr. Stewart displayed maps colored to indicated the number and location of changes that would
be required if the proposed system is adopted, and a map showing the location and number of
changes required if the existing ordinance is enforced.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting recess until October 18, 1956 at 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSE NUMBERING
SYSTEM

Report

CORRECTION OF MINUTES
Use Permit -U-34-55

ATTEST:

APPROVED:

Mayor

OUTFALL SEWER
CONSTRUCTION
Modification
Agreement

10-17-56

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 18, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 18th day of October, 1956, was called to order at the hour of 4:45 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

City Manager
Adm. Assistant
Asst. City Attorney
City Clerk

C. D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
E. W. Fountain
Harris P. Sharp

A. H. Kennedy
Robert F. Boos
Ralston O. Hawkins
Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner
City Attorney
City Engineer

Reed Whipple
Howard W. Cannon
George E. Wade

At this time the proposed modification of the agreement with Charles J. Dorfman, Contractor
for the construction of the outfall sewer for the City, was presented.

This proposed modification included as follows:

This Modification of Agreement entered into this 18th day of October, 1956 between
the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation of the State of Nevada, sometimes herein-
after referred to as City, and Charles J. Dorfman, sometimes hereinafter referred to as
Contractor, witnesseth:

WHEREAS, the parties have hereunto entered into a written agreement for the construc-
tion of an outfall sewer line for the City of Las Vegas, more particularly described as
Contract No. 311S.2—Outfall Sewer, Schedules A,B,C, and D, and

WHEREAS, certain disputes have arisen between the parties in the interpretation of
the subject contract, more particularly the interpretation of Item 37 on Page 7-9 of said
contract and Paragraph E on Page 8-24 under the heading of Excavation, Backfill-Fill, and

WHEREAS, in order to compromise the disputes now existing in the interpretation of
the foregoing two provisions of said contract, the parties hereto agree that Contract No.
311S.2— Outfall Sewer, Schedule A,B,C, and D be amended, corrected, modified, and interpreted
as follows:

1.	All gravel bedding material authorized by the engineer to be placed into the
ditch shall be paid for by the City at the rate of $5.60 per cubic yard rather than at the
rate of $7.50 per cubic yard, originally bid by the contractor under Item No. 37. This
paragraph is to apply to all gravel furnished under the provisions of said contract, author-
ized by the engineer.

2. The contractor waives all claim to payment for approximately 1100 cubic yards
of gravel bedding material which is claimed by the City to have been unauthorized by the
engineer, the exact amount of which is to be determined by the City Engineer.

10-18-56
OWENS AVENUE GRADE
CROSSING

Mankiewicz Property

3.	The contractor shall have the option of using a pit-run type of gravel for
cradling the pipe between the flow line and the spring line and the maximum size of gravel
allowable for sub-base shall be 3½" in lieu of the 2" maximum as set forth in the Standard
Specifications.

4. The City shall pay for all gravel furnished by the contractor and authorized
by the engineer which is placed adjacent to and immediately below the invert flow line
and the City shall pay for gravel furnished by the contractor and authorized by the engineer
for cradling the pipe and placed between the invert flow line and the spring line of the
pipe.

5. Paragraph 8-24 (E) of the Plans and Specifications shall not be interpreted to
infer that the contractor is to furnish at his expense any gravel bedding material author-
ized by the City Engineer.

6. It is understood that all amendments herein agreed upon shall be deemed to be
retroactive to the date of commencement of performance under said contract.

7. It is specifically understood and agreed by the parties hereto that all re-
maining terms and conditions of said contract shall remain in full force and effect, other
than as specifically herein amended, and each of the parties hereto agree to perform in
accordance with the terms and conditions thereof.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this modification to the agreement with Charles J.
Dorfman, contractor for the Outfall Sewer, Schedules, A,B,C, and D, be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins presented the matter of obtaining a 350 foot strip
of property from Mrs. Susan Mankiewicz for the right-of-way for the Owens Avenue Grade
Crossing, which subject had been discussed by the Commission at the meeting of October 11,1956.

Mr. Hawkins asked if the Commission would also like for the City Attorney's Office to ne-
gotiate with Mrs. Mankiewicz for the dedication of 25 foot wide parcel of land on the east
side of her property for the right-of-way for A Street.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the acceptance of the offer of Mrs. Susan Mankiewicz
for the purchase of the strip of property for Owens Avenue grading crossing in the amount
of $4500.00 be authorized and the City Attorney instructed to endeavor to obtain a 25 foot
strip of land from the east side of Mrs. Mankiewicz's property for the extension of A
Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

At this time representatives of the Youth Committee of Clark County Social Agencies appeared
before the Commission; those present were as follows:

Mrs. Carol Pierce	Mrs. Thalia Dondero	Mr. Frank Urban

Mr. Pat Diskin	Father Donald Carmody

Mrs. Pierce explained that her committee had met with the youngsters of the community to
determine what recreational facilities they do not have they they would like. Mrs. Pierce
stated that the youth were desirous of having their own "drag strip", and her committee
was here to see what, if any, assistance the City can give in this regard.

The Commission advised Mrs. Pierce that the City would be willing to aid in the preparation
of such a track. They further advised this Committee that one of the main concerns was
that it would be difficult to secure an individual or organization to be responsible for
the operation of the "drag strip" once it had been constructed.

The City Manager reported that Officer Warren Bohlmann in the Juvenile Division of the Police
Department was presently negotiating to secure property for this purpose in the vicinity of
the old Sky Haven Airport, located on the Tonopah Highway in the County. Mr. Kennedy further
advised that even if a"drag strip" was obtained that it would be a difficult task to get
the youngsters to cooperate together in the use of this track.

The Committee was advised that the City of Las Vegas would not and could not accept the
responsibility of the operation of a drag strip. It was explained that the responsibility
was not only too great, but that this type of operation was uninsurable insofar as the City
is concerned.

Discussion then followed as to what addition or reorganization of the existing program of
the City's recreational facilities could be made to better meet the needs of the youth.

Mr. Pat Diskin explained that he had talked with a Mr. English who has been employed ten
years with the County of Los Angeles as a youth coordinator, and suggested that possibly such
a position in this area would be of benefit to our community. Mr. Diskin stated that this
type of person would work toward the end of coordinating the efforts of those organizations
and individuals that were anxious to provide additional recreational facilities and pro-,
grams for the youngsters.

Thereafter Commissioners Bunker and Fountain were appointed to attend the next meeting of
this Coordinating Council to see if the City can be of assistance in this program, and make
their recommendation back to the Commission.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

ATTEST:

APPROVED:

Mayor

10-18-56
Las Vegas, Nevada
November 7, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
7th day of November, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert	F.	Boos

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

At this time the Commission considered the application of Cal & Majorie Henry to construct
a church at Adams Avenue between J and M Streets. This application had been denied by
the Board of Zoning Adjustment because the property was insufficient to meet the require-
ments of an R-E zone.

Director of Planning Franklin Bills further stated that incomplete plans for the proposed
project were the only ones received by the City.

Mr. Cal Henry appeared and advised the Commission that he had the plans. Discussion
followed.

The Commission advised Mr. Henry they would have to deny this application since the land
area was too small.

Thereafter Mr. Henry announced that the owner of property adjacent to this had offered
to sell the church a piece of property equal in size, being 73 feet by 140 feet.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Cal and Marjorie Henry to construct a church
at Adams Avenue between J and M Street be approved subject to acquisition of additional
property of the same size contiguous to the property and the posting of a bond and
signing of an agreement for the installation of off-site improvements, and the submission
of a plot plan to the Planning Department showing the location of the church; further
the City Clerk be instructed to draft the standard resolution of approval, which is here-
by adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting held on the 7th day of November, 1956; having considered the application of Cal
and Marjorie Henry for Use Permit to construct a church at Adams Avenue between J and M
streets in an R-E zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Zoning Adjustment denying
this application since the land area was too small and the facts presented by the appli-
cant in support of his application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Cal and Marjorie
Henry for Use Permit to construct a church at Adams Avenue between J and M Streets be
approved subject to acquisition of additional property of the same size contiguous to the
property, the posting of a bond, signing of an agreement for the installation of off-site
improvements and the submission of a plot plan to the Planning Commission showing the
location of the church.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp reported that the Planning Commission, pursuant to the request of the
Las Vegas Realty Board, had decided to hold meetings on rezoning applications every two
months instead of every four months.

The tentative map of the Hollydale Tract previously presented to the Commission and
denied on October 3, 1956 due to the fact there were two half streets, was again considered.

Director of Planning Bills stated that the map had been worked over with the subdivider,
Engineering Department and FHA. He explained that the land on the east of this tract
is undeveloped, while the land on the west side is partially developed. He advised the
Commission that the half street on the east side of the tract would be paved to a width
of 35 feet, and the street on the west side of the tract was already improved by pavement.

City Engineer Wade indicated there was a drainage problem, but that it could be worked out.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Hollydale Tract be approved subject to the
receipt of a letter from the School District, and the map as submitted to the Commission
be filed with the Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Manning Commission to rezone from
R-1 to R-2 the east half of Blocks 2 and 32, Tankel's North Addition #1. This rezoning
was previously presented to the Commission on October 3, 1956, and continued until written
approval was received from the Board of Clark County Commissioners. The Manning Director
advised the Commission that this letter had been filed.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Manning Commission to
rezone from R-1 to R-2 the east half of Blocks 2 and 32, Tankel's North Addition #1 be
approved and the City Attorney be instructed to include this rezoning in the next ordi-
nance drawn to amend the Land Use Man.

USE PERMIT -U-40-56
Cal Henry

REZONING HEARINGS

HOLLYDALE TRACT
Tentative Map

REZONING -Z-32-56
Tankel's North
Addition
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by he following voter Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

The request of the Mecham Construction Co. for extension of the driveways of the Texaco
Service Station at Main and Carson was considered at this time.

Franklin Bills explained that it was requested that the driveway on Carson nearest Main
Street be extended eleven feet, allowing a total curb opening of forty-seven (47) feet
to provide a forty-three (43) foot driveway. Mr. Bills informed the Commission that
the Traffic and Parking Commission had approved this application subject to the following
conditions:

1.	Closing the easterly fourteen (14) feet of the existing eastern
driveway on Carson Street.

2.	Closing the westerly five feet of the existing westerly driveway on
Carson Street and extending the western drive on Carson Street
easterly a total of sixteen (16) feet, making the total driveway
forty-seven (47) feet.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Mecham Construction Company for extension of
the driveway for the Texaco Service Station at Main and Carson be approved in accordance
with the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

This being the time for the opening of Bid No. 56.52 for the furnishing and installing
of five gas heaters at the City Barns, bids were opened from the following firms:

RUPPERT PLUMBING CO	$2498.00

J. M. HITTER	2300.00

BROWN AND FOUTZ	2308.65

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bids received on Bid No. 56.52 be referred to the City
Manager and Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Engineer Wade presented a petition of property owners to widen F Street between
Jackson & Van Buren from 36' to 50' on a cash payment basis to the Contractor. Mr. Wade
informed the Commission that when the original public hearings were held on Assessment
District No. 100-36 it was determined that the width should be 36' because of the assessed
valuation in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the petition of property owners to widen F Street between
Jackson and Van Buren be approved on the addition that the property owners enter into
a contract directly with the contractor for payment of the price thereof and that the
City be held harmless both as to contract price and as to liability that the contract be
approved by the City Attorney and a time limit be established by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the easement for storm drains from A Street easterly to the
UPRR tracks.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the easement for storm drains from A Street easterly to the UPRR tracks from
Leslie Stewart, Sr. as Administrator of the Estate of Helen J. Stewart, is accepted and
the City Clerk instructed to draw the standard resolution accepting the easement which
is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the easement recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of November, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Easement dated the 16th
day of October, 1956, executed by Leslie Stewart Sr., Administrator of the Estate of
Helen J. Stewart, as shown on Doc# 91498 in Book 111 of Official Records, recorded
October 18, 1956, Clark County Records. To the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said easement, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

(FOR:	STORM DRAINS (WESTSIDE) )

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the deed from Lawrence Linck for reservation interest for Pinto Lane is accepted
and the City Clerk instructed to draw the standard resolution accepting the deed which
is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of November, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 19th day of
October, 1956, executed by Lawrence J. Linck and Pauline Linck, husband and wife. To the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

(FOR:	PINTO LANE )

11-7-56

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
Texaco Service Station

BID NO. 56.52
Gas Heaters

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36

Widening of F Street
EASEMENT -

A Street Storm Drain
DEED - Pinto Lane


On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the deed from Harry and Jerome Mack, Murray and Agnes Wollman for the ex-
tension of 6th Street from Canosa to St. Louis is accepted and the City Clerk instructed
to draw the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the
City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of November, 1996, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 24th day of
October, 1956, executed by Harry Mack, Jerome D. Mack, Murray Wollman and Agnes Wollman
husband and wife, and witness by Dwight Engebregson. To the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is here-
by accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

( FOR: SO. 6th STREET)

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the easement from the Las Vegas Valley Water District for an 80 foot right-of-way
for the extension of Hinson Street northerly from Charleston Boulevard to the new West
Charleston Fire Station site, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw the
standard resolution accepting the easement which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk
authorized to have the easement recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of November, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated the 9th day of
October, 1956, executed by Las Vegas Valley Water District, a Public Corporation, To the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said easement, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

(FOR:	HINSON STREET)

Commissioner Bunker moved the 10 foot easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company
along the north line of the new West Charleston Fire Station site be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Elmer Orion Radeffer for 1% interest in
the Silver Palace be approved and his name added to the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp did not vote, stating that his firm did the architectural
work for the Silver Palace.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1653 through 2l84 in the net amount
of $76,102.56 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the Warrant Register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 8370 through 8400 and 8427
through 8563 in the total amount of $359,144.96 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the Warrant Register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of October 11,17 and 18, 1956 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the same upon transcription in
the official Minute Book.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Solicitations Review
Board, the application of the Women's Society of Christian Service of the First Methodist
Church for a charitable solicitation permit, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Solicitations Review
Board, the application of the Muscular Dystrophy Association of America for a charitable
solicitation permit, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of M. M. Sweeney and John Pappas et al for
a zone change heretofore approved by the Board on a portion of the Twin Lakes property
owned by them, on the condition that certain improvements be installed and an agreement
entered into, is hereby amended and is as follows:	That they enter into an agreement for

the improvement of their portion of Washington Avenue or enter into an assessment district
for the improvement thereof; that they furnish a bond covering the installation of im-
provements on Tonopah Highway in the event the State Highway Department does not install
the improvements within a reasonable length of time; the improvements shall be put in in
accordance with the agreement and the plot plan as filed with the City of Las Vegas and

DEED - 6th Street

EASEMENT - Hinson
Street

EASEMENT TO POWER
COMPANY

Fire Station

GAMING & LIQUOR
LICENSES
Silver Palace

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



CHARITABLE SOLICITA-
TION PERMITS

REZONING
Sweeny-Pappas
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Phil Shanedling Investment Company for
a zone change heretofore approved by the Board on a portion of the Twin Lakes property
owned by them, on the condition that certain improvements be installed and an agreement
entered into, is hereby amended and is as follows: That they furnish a bond covering

the installation of improvements on Tonopah Highway in the event the State Highway Depart-
ment does not install the improvements within a reasonable length of time; the improvements
shall be put in in accordance with the agreement and the plot plan as filed with the City
of Las Vegas and numbered Z-26-56.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 9:00 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

City Engineer Wade requested approval of two purchase orders to V. C. Mendenhall for

the fill and installation of culverts at the Owens Avenue Grading crossing and one purchase

order to the Union Pacific Railroad for the signals.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted and two purchase orders to V. C. Mendenhall
in the amounts of $2688.00 and $2592.00 and one to the Union Pacific Railroad Company in
the amount of $8,860.00 be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed rezoning
ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 7, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949,

BY PROHIBITING THE PLACING OF WRITTEN ADVERTISEMENTS UPON STRUCTURES WITHIN THE PUBLIC
RIGHT OF WAY; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING CONFLICTING ORDINANCES, having been reported on
favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Ordinance No. 728 be adopted and the City Clerk instructed
to cause the ordinance to be published and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Engineer Wade reported to the Board that the two low bids were only $8.65 apart on
the five gas heaters for the City Barns. He advised the Commission that the low bidder
was J. M. Ritter, but this company had not qualified due to the fact that they had not
submitted a certified check or bid bond with their proposal. He further advised that
the next low bid was that of Brown and Foutz in the total amount of $2308.65

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 56.52 be awarded to Brown and Foutz in
the total amount of $2308.65, and the low bid of J. M. Ritter rejected because of non-com-
pliance with the invitation to bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition in the amount of
$1566.00 to replace street lights, light heads and other electrical equipment damaged
within the last week by children shooting them out with guns.

Commissioner Sharp moved that requisition No. 6204 to Pavell Electric in the amount of
$1566.00 be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager presented the request of the Chief of Police for extension of the sick
leave of Sgt. Lorin Hamilton who has recently undergone surgery. Mr. Kennedy stated that
Sgt. Hamilton would probably be back on duty within ten to fifteen days, and recommended
approval of this request.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the sick leave of Sgt. Lorin Hamilton be extended for
fifteen days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of the purchase of stop signs, speed limit
signs, etc. at a cost of $994.45

Commissioner Sharp moved that requisition No. 5894 to U. S. Porcelain Enamel Co. in the
amount of $994.45 be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

REZONING
Phil Shanedling

OWENS AVENUE
GRADE CROSSING
Purchase Orders

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Ordinance

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezonings

ORDINANCE NO. 728
Political Signs

BID NO. 56.52
Gas Heaters Awarded



ELECTRICAL

EQUIPMENT REPLACEMENT

SICK LEAVE EXTENSION

TRAFFIC SIGNS


The requests of June Faulkner and Walt E. Sours for reduction of the solicitors license
fees were turned over to the City Manager for handling.

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is the kind of community that we can all
be proud of and the primary credit for this lies with its many public-spirited citizens; and

WHEREAS, since coming to Las Vegas in early 1954, Joe W. Brown has generously
responded to countless appeals for help from civic organizations for community projects; and

WHEREAS, he has undertaken a project to drill for oil in the Las Vegas
Valley for the purpose of determining if there is oil in the area and to stimulate the
development of new industry in the area if such is found; and

WHEREAS, the people of the City of Las Vegas and surrounding areas have
benefited by his actions and unselfish devotion to community development;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of November, 1956, that
said City, by this resolution, expresses its gratitude and appreciation to Joe W. Brown
for his interest and participation in community betterment projects thereby helping to
insure to the citizens of Las Vegas a better community in which to live.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed
to spread a copy of this resolution on the Minutes of the Books of said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to send a copy of this resolution to Mr. Joe W. Brown.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the U. S. Army Engineers to lease 80 acres
of City land adjacent to the Lake Meade Base.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be held in abeyance for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of City Engineer Wade for change of position
of two of his personnel who are registered engineers. Mr. Kennedy stated that these
employees are valuable to the staff and the City is in danger of losing them to higher
paying positions, and recommended that this request be approved.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that David Kennedy be changed to the Position
of Civil Engineer on Schedule 29, Step 1 and Frank Schleppenbach changed to the posi-
tion of Office Engineer on Schedule 32, Step 1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that proposals for the 4th and Stewart Street
parking lot have been received from Steve Kostelac and Western Parking Service and will
be forwarded to the parking lot committee composed of Commissioners Sharp and Fountain
for their study.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the extension of time granted to the Humane Society
to present a proposal for the operation of the pound and the enforcement of the animal
ordinances expires on November 15th and to this time no firm proposal has been received,
but they have been notified to have it in no later than November 5th. Mr. Kennedy further
reported that in all possibility the City will continue the management and take the
necessary steps to correct and set this up as a department.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be instructed to notify Palm Memorial Chapel
that as of this time they are on a cash payment basis with the City for cemetery lots and
service, and the City Attorney instructed to proceed to collect the delinquent account
of this firm.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Not voting:
Commissioner Bunker, Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
Meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTIONS

RESOLUTION -
Joe W. Brown

GOVERNMENT LEASE
OF LAND

ENGINEERING PERSONNEL

PARKING LOT PROPOSALS

ANIMAL SHELTER
PALM MEMORIAL CHAPEL
This Resolution was adopted 10-17-56 See Page 358, Book 10
*** RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Ordinance 699 provides regulations dealing with rezonings of property
within the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ordinance does require that a public hearing be held by the
City Planning Commission, but does not require that a public hearing be held by the Board
of Commissioners before a rezoning is approved; and

WHEREAS, the Ordinance does not give an absolute right of appeal by any person to
the Board of Commissioners from the decision of the Planning Commission; and

WHEREAS, the provisions of said Ordinance require that the Board of Commissioners
examine the findings and the report of the Planning Commission to determine if the public
necessity, convenience, general welfare, and good zoning practice require the change or
reclassification involved; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners may in its discretion determine that an addi-
tional public hearing is necessary; and

WHEREAS, the Board feels that it would be in the public interest to establish with-
in the terms of the said Ordinance a procedure to be followed in hearing appeals from the
decision of the Planning Commission in respect to rezonings.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 17th day of October , 1936,

that the following rules or procedure be and they are hereby adopted for the consideration
of decisions of the Planning Commission respecting rezoning matters:

1.	That there will be, as a matter of right, an additional public hearing granted
to an applicant or a protestant before the Board of Commissioners from a decision of the
Planning Commission recommending either approval or denial of an application for rezoning,
upon the filing of a written notice of appeal with the City Clerk within ten (10) days
after the Board of City Commissioners has formally acted upon said application. Such
written notice must be filed by the applicant; or any owner of property who appeared either
in person or by a written approval or protest before the Planning Commission on the ori-
ginal hearing, or pursuant to an application for rehearing. No notice of appeal will be
considered if filed by any other person.

2.	That upon the proper filing of said notice of appeal, the procedure to be
followed will be the same as that prescribed by the Zoning Ordinance for appeals in
variance matters.

3.	That no ordinance will be prepared or presented to the Board of Commissioners
containing any changes in zoning until all public hearings concerning such a change have
been held.

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 21, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 21st day of November, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	 E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F.	Boos

City Attorney	Howard W.	Cannon

City Engineer	George E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

TWIN LAKES SHOPPING      Director of Hanning Franklin Bills presented the plot plan of the Twin Lakes Shopping
CENTER	 Center and advised the Commission that the plan and the conditions attached thereto had

Plot Plan	 been approved and signed by Twin Lakes Shopping Center, Inc., John Pappas and Phil

	Shanedling Investment Co.

Discussion was held and the matter was deferred until later in the meeting.

VARIANCE -V-12-56	Consideration was given to the application	of William H. and Mary E. Rudolph for a

WM. Rudolph	variance to construct a parking lot on	the	alley between 13th and Bruce, north of Fremont.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that this application had been approved by the Board of
Adjustment subject to the installation of a six foot board fence, paving of the entire
parking lot within 3 months and the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements. He further advised the Commission that the agreement had been signed
and a bond in the amount of $349.20 posted.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William E. and Mary H. Rudolph for variance
to construct a parking lot on the alley between 15th and Bruce, north of Fremont Street
be approve subject to installation of a six foot board fence, paving of the entire park-
ing area within three months, and the installation of off-site improvements, and the City
Clerk instructed to draft the standard resolution of approval, which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regu-
lar meeting held on the 21st day of November, 1956, having considered the application
of William H. and Mary E. Rudolph for variance to construct a parking lot on the alley
between 15th and Bruce, north of Fremont; and
The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the installation of a six foot board fence, paving of the entire
parking lot within 3 months and the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements and the Board having been advised that said agreement had been signed
and a bond in the amount of $349.20 posted;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of William H. and
Mary E. Rudolph for variance to construct a parking lot on the alley between l5th and
Bruce, north of Fremont, be approved subject to said conditions as set forth by the Board
of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The resolution of the Traffic and Parking Commission recommending the amendment of
Chapter 35, Section 67 of the City Code prohibiting parking at all times in certain alleys,
was considered at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be referred back to the Traffic and Parking
Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that the bond of Ideal Asphalt Paving Co. for the
seal and chips on the streets of Greater Las Vegas Addition #1 be released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bond of Ideal Asphalt Paving Company in the amount
of $3,560.00 for seal and chips in Greater Las Vegas Addition #1 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The City Engineer recommended that the bond of Ideal Asphalt Paving Company for the seal
and chips on the streets of Hyde Park #4 be released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bond of Ideal Asphalt Paving Company in the amount of
$4,000.00 for seal and chips in Hyde Park #4 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade presented the amended plat of Tankel's North Addition and explained
that this would vacate the lots lines except lot numbers 12 and 13 of Block 32, and
recommended its approval.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the amended plat of Tankel's North Addition which vacates
the lots lines of all lots except Lots 12 and 13, Block 32, be approved and filed with
the City Clerk who shall cause it to be recorded in the office of the Clark County Re-
corder.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment to Geer Engineering Company in the
amount of $681.71 for the installation of the tennis courts in Squires Park be approved
upon the expiration of the 30 day lien period.

Commissioner Fountain moved that final payment to Geer Engineering Company in the amount
of $681.71 for construction of the tennis courts in Squires Park be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the Comptroller and Treasurer
authorized to draw the warrant when the 30 day lien period has expired.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment to J. A. Tiberti Construction Company
for the construction of the Industrial Fire Station be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that final payment of the 10% retention to J.A.. Tiberti Construc-
tion Co. in the amount of $7,743.90 for the construction of the Industrial Fire Station
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the Comp-
troller and Treasurer authorized to draw the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The City Engineer recommended that final payment to George E. Miller for the construction
of the Sunrise Park Sewers be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that final payment of the 10% retention to George E. Miller in
the amount of $932.35 for the construction of the Sunrise Park Sewers be approved and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the Comptroller and
Treasurer authorized to draw the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade recommended that the proposal of V. C. Mendenhall to construct a rip
rap drain ditch near A Street and Van Buren Avenue in the amount of $3,456.40 be approved.
Mr. Wade stated that this storm drain is to be constructed in the easement recently secured
from the Nevada Southern Gas Company and is needed to take care of excess drainage in
the Westside Assessment District.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the proposal of V. C. Mendenhall to construct a rip rap
drain ditch near "A" street and Van Buren Avenue in the amount of $3,456.40 be approved and
a purchase order authorized.

ALLEY PARKING

GREATER LAS VEGAS
ADDITION #1
Release of Bond

HYDE PARK #4
Release of Bond

TANKEL'S NORTH
ADDITION
Amended Plat

SQUIRES PARK TENNIS
COURTS

Final Payment



INDUSTRIAL FIRE
STATION
Final payment

SUNRISE PARK SEWERS
Final Payment

STORM DRAIN CON-
STRUCTION
A. & Van Buren
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The application of Milton Prell and Associates for the liquor and gaming licenses of the
Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont was considered.

Chief of Police Ray Sheffer explained that there are 28 members of the partnership, 16
of which have previously been investigated and hold gaming and liquor licenses in other
locations. He further stated that these sixteen control 77% of the total partnership.

He advised the Commission that the Nevada Tax Commission will approve these applicants
on November 28th for operation only, and pending final approval at their meeting of
December 28th, the old license holders will be held responsible for the conduct of the
new operators.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Milton Prell and Associates to
take over the operation of the Pioneer Club at 25 Fremont Street be approved subject
to the Nevada Tax Commission's approval on November 28th and final approval on December
28th and completion of the Police investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent? Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Harriet Cicchetti for a restaurant beverage
license at Rocco's, 2008 E. Charleston, be deferred until next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 2186 through 2727 in the net amount
of $75,937.65 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote? Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 8564 through 8720 in
the total amount of $87,324.24 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of November 7, 1956 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker passed his vote. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for charitable solicitation
permits, be approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved.

BOULDER DAM VFW AUXILIARY

CLARK COUNTY ASSN. FOR RETARDED CHILDREN

ALPHA EPSILON

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the claim of Feuz Page for damages in the amount of $210.00
allegedly caused by the bursting of a fire hydrant at 17th and Fremont be deferred until
next meeting for further investigation by Cantlon Adjustment Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent? Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that payment of $150.00 to C. R. Cosbey and Mort Galane for the
east 30 feet of Lot 9, Block 30, Las Vegas Square Subdivision for the right-of-way for
Decatur Boulevard be approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent? Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that payment of $200.00 to Edward P. Swedo for the west 10
feet of Lot 47 Block 6, Las Vegas Square Subdivision for the right-of-way for Yale Avenue
be approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that Ancell Brown had made an offer to settle
the right-of-way for Owens Avenue if the City will pay $6,000 for his property. Mr.

Cannon recommended that this offer be accepted since the appraised value is $5,564.00
and may cost the City more in trial costs if the matter goes to condemnation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the offer of Ancell Brown to sell his property on Owens Avenue
for $6,000 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register
and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to prepare the warrant and deliver to the
City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of Chester H. Lyon to Purchase five acres of
City property near the new East Charleston Fire Station, with an option on an additional
8½ acres. No action was taken on this proposal.

Commissioner Fountain introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

LIQUOR & GAMING
LICENSES
Pioneer Club

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Rocco's
New

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS



CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Feuz Page

DECATUR BLVD.
RIGHT-OF-WAY
C. R. Cosbey

YALE AVENUE 
RIGHT-OF-WAY
Edward Swedo

OWENS AVENUE
RIGHT-OF-WAY
Ancell Brown

SALE OF CITY
PROPERTY



RESOLUTION -
Death Valley Stamp
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, proposals have been made to the Honorable Arthur E. Summerfield, Postmaster
General of the United States for the issuance of a commemorative postage stamp early in
1957 which would feature Death Valley National Monument, and

WHEREAS, the early history of Death Valley and Southern Nevada are parallel in many instances,
and both areas hold important places in the history of their respective state, and

WHEREAS, there is a close community of interest between Las Vegas and Death Valley, and

WHEREAS, it seems particularly appropriate that a commemorative stamp should be issued
in 1957 which marks the centennial of two of the regions' famous prospectors, Jean Lamoigne
and "Shorty" Frank Harris, and the first General Land Office Survey of Death Valley.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of November, 1956, that the
Honorable Arthur E. Summerfield, Postmaster General of the United States, be and he
hereby is requested to cause to be issued in 1957, a commemorative postage stamp honoring
Death Valley National Monument.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution signed by the Mayor and attested
by the City Clerk be forwarded to the Honorable Arthur E. Summerfield, Washington, D. C.

PASSED AND APPROVED November 21, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of the purchase of street light equipment to be
used in the street light system as needed.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a purchase order to Pavell Electric Supply in the amount
of $1075.98 for the purchase of street light equipment be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager requested approval of a purchase order for the clearing, grading and
leveling of the land adjacent to the Golf Course.

Commissioner Whipple moved the purchase order to Eachus Construction Co. in the amount
of $4,705.46 for clearing, grading, and leveling the land adjacent to the Golf Course
be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request from Mayor French of Henderson for the appoint-
ment of someone to represent the City of Las Vegas on an Air Pollution Control Board.

Commissioner Fountain was appointed on this Board.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Franklin Brothers for a 6 month's permit
to store lumber and materials on a vacant lot between 11th and 12th on Carson. Mr.

Kennedy explained that this material is to be used in the construction of the new motel
at 7th and Fremont.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request for a 6 months permit to store building materials
on Carson between 11th and 12th be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented a new agreement with the Union Pacific Railroad Company for
the purchase of the Old Ranch property which will give the City clear title on 5 acres
to be sold to the Eagles Lodge. Mr. Kennedy stated that Pioneer Title has advised him
that the Eagles have placed $10,000 in escrow, pending delivery of the deed.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this agreement be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same, and the following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS, there was presented to the City Council a form of agreement supplementing an
agreement dated August 15, 1955, between the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Las Vegas Land and Water Company, covering
the purchase by the City of Las Vegas of five parcels of land in the County of Clark
(said supplemental agreement being identified as "N"L.D. 2913.1).

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That the form of agreement supplementing agreement dated

August 15, 1955, between the City of Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and Las Vegas Land and Water Compary, a Nevada corporation,
covering the purchase by the City of Las Vegas of five parcels of land in the County of
Clark (said supplemental agreement being identified as "N"L.D. 2913.1), be, and the same
is hereby approved, and the Mayor and Clerk of said City are authorized and directed to
execute said agreement for and on behalf of the said City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported that as of the l5th of November, 1956 the animal shelter
has been taken over by the City and operated as a Department.

Discussion was held on the request of the U. S. Government for lease of 80 acres of land
from the City. Mr. Kennedy explained that the request was for a fifty year least at $1.00
per year. No action was taken on this request, but it was the opinion of the Commission
that this term was too long.

PURCHASE OF

ELECTRICAL EQUIPMENT

CLEARING OF LAND

AIR POLLUTION

CONTROL BOARD

STORAGE PERMIT

EAGLES PROPERTY

ANIMAL SHELTER

LEASE OF LAND

U. S. GOVERNMENT
City Manager Kennedy requested permission to purchase a Scotchlite Maintenance Table to
be used in the manufacture of street and stop signs. Mr. Kennedy stated that this equip-
ment would cost approximately $1037.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted and a purchase order for the purchase
of a Scotch-lite Maintenance Table in the amount of $1037.00 authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the liquor ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed rezoning
ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Messrs. Ralph Denton and Joseph McDonald, representing Mr. Z. Louie in his application
for the gaming & liquor licenses for the Louisanna Club, appeared before the Commission
at this time.

No action was taken on these applications because Mr. Louie had not paid his application
fees and is not a registered voter.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tavern liquor license of Raymond Salmon for the Bonanza Bar,
4l8 West Bonanza be suspended based on reports by the Police Department, and Mr. Salmon
notified to appear at the next regular meeting to show cause why his license should not
be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition received from property owners on East Charleston
concerning the setbacks from 16th to Fremont be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Plot Plan of Twin Lakes Shipping Center known as #Z-26-56
be approved and the map and conditions filed with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of John Pappas for a use permit to construct a
service station at the SE corner of Washington Avenue and Highway 95.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment had recom-
mended this application be approved subject to the rezoning of the property to C-1 and
submission of the signed agreement for the installation of off-site improvements together
with a bond covering said improvements.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of John Pappas for a use permit for a service
station at the SE corner of Washington Avenue and Highway 95 be approved subject to the
signing of the off-site agreement and the filing of a personal bond in the amount of
$5,278.00, and the City Clerk be instructed to draft the standard resolution of approval,
which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting held on the 21st day of November, 1956, having considered the application of John
Pappas for a use permit to construct a service station at the SE corner of Washington
Avenue and Highway 95; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the rezoning of the property to C-1 and submission to the signed
agreement for installation of off-site improvements together with a bond covering said im-
provements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John Pappas for
a use permit to construct a service station at the SE corner of Washington Avenue and
Highway 95 be approve subject to the signing of the off-site agreement and the filing of a
personal bond in the amount of $5,278.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Edward Debord for the club liquor license of
the Downtown Civic & Social Club, 126½ North 1st Street, formerly issued to George E. Harmon,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk 	Mayor

PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT
Traffic Signs

PROPOSE ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezonings

LIQUOR & GAMING
LICENSES
Luisanna Club

BONANZA BAR
License Suspended

EAST CHARLESTON
SETBACKS
Petition

TWIN LAKES SHOPPING
CENTER
PLOT FLAN

USE PERMIT -U-42-56
John Pappas

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Downtown Civic &
Social Club
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 5; 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 5th day of December, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7.30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C.D.Baker

At this time the Commission considered the application of Robert J. Dwyer, Roman
Catholic Bishop of Reno for a use permit to construct a parochial school, audi-
torium and rectory at Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell Drive, in an R-E
zone.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment
had approved this application subject to the improvements listed in the agree-
ment, including the dedication of right-of-way for Alta Drive and Campbell Drive,
and the posting of a bond in the amount of $4,155.64. Mr. Bills stated that
the agreement had been signed and the bond posted.

Mr. Bills stated that the conditions for construction of this project in an R-E
zone had been met and presented a drawing of the proposed structure.

Thereafter an additional petition of property owners protesting this application
was presented to the Board, and the following people spoke in protest:

Orville Pickett	2800 Pinto Lane

Mrs. Douglas Rather

Mrs. Kenneth Van Vorst

Mrs. Ada Gardner

William Geldner

Harry Claiborne

Mr. Joseph Foley, representing the church appeared before the Commission and ad-
vised that this facility was being built to serve 600 families in the area. He
cited several cases where courts had ruled that use permits for this type of a
project could not be denied.

Father Kenny also appeared before the Commission and requested approval of this
application.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application be held in abeyance for
further study and until a full Board is present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. D. Francis Horsey, representing Mr. Raymond Salmon who had been requested to
appear and show cause why his tavern liquor license at the Bonanza Bar, 4l8 West
Bonanza should not be revoked, was present at this time. Mr. Horsey asked for
a continuance on this matter until the first meeting in January, and advised
the Commission that Mr. Salmon was attempting to sell this business.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this hearing be continued until December
19, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Sharp. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of Standard Wholesale Supply Company
for a use permit to build and operate an underground petroleum bulk storage plant
and service station on the south side of Bonanza Road, directly east of their lo-
cation at 855 West Bonanza.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that this application had been approved by the
Board of Adjustment subject to an Improvement Agreement and the filing of a bond.

Mr. Bills stated that the agreement had been signed and a bond in the amount of
$1921.15 had been posted. He further advised that Standard Wholesale had sub-
mitted a request that installation of street lights not be required. He stated
that if this improvement was going to be required that an additional bond of
$750.00 should be posted.

Mr. Garrett of the Union Oil Company appeared and protested the installation of
street lights. He said that there were none other installed in this area, and
if they were required to post a $750.00 bond in cash that it might be five or
ten years before the lights were put in. He stated that Union Oil would be
willing to enter into an assessment district or any other agreement for the in-
stallation of these lights.

USE PERMIT - U-43-56
Catholic Church

BONANZA BAR
Show Cause Hearing

USE PERMIT - U-45-56
Standard Whse Supply
Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Standard Wholesale
Supply Co. for a use permit to build and operate an underground petroleum bulk
storage plant and service station on the southside of Bonanza Road, directly
east of their location at 855 West Bonanza be approved subject to the sign-
ing of a new agreement, the agreement to read as follows:	Street lights at

this time are authorized to be omitted but that street lights will be put in
by the Union Oil Company at such time as the City puts in an improvement dis-
trict for street lights in that area either by cash or special assessment
district, and the clerk instructed to draft a resolution of approval, which
is hereby adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered
the application of Standard Wholesale Supply Company for a use permit to build
and operate an underground petroleum bulk storage plant and service station
on the southside of Bonanza Road, directly east of their location at 855 West
Bonanza; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application subject to an Improvement Agreement and the filing of
a bond and the Board having been advised that said agreement had been signed
and a bond in the amount of $1921.15 has been posted and the Board having been
further advised that the applicant requested installation of street lights not
be required and that if they be required an additional bond of $750.00 should
be posted;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Standard
Wholesale Supply Company for a use permit to build and operate an underground petroleum
bulk storage plant and service station on the southside of Bonanza, directly east of
their location at 855 West Bonanza be approved subject to the signing of a new
agreement , to read as follows: Street lights at this time are authorized to be

omitted but that street lights will be put in by the Union Oil Company at such
time as the City puts in an improvement district for street lights in that area
either by cash or special assessment district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote stating that he did not feel that any of the re-
quirements imposed on Use Permits should be deleted. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

USE PERMIT - U-46-56	The Commission considered the application of Lawrence Tiede for a use permit to

L. Tiede	convert a dwelling unit into a professional office at 522 South 1st Street, in an

	R-4 zone.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that this application been approved by the Board
of Adjustment subject to the conditions of the Improvement Agreement, the posting
of a bond, and the installation of a hard-surfaced off-street parking lot as shown
on the plot plan amended by the Traffic Engineer, within 90 days. He stated that
the agreement had been signed and the bond posted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Lawrence Tiede for a use permit to
convert a dwelling unit into a professional office at 522 South 1st Street be ap-
proved subject to the conditions of the Improvement Agreement and the installa-
tion of a hard-surfaced off-street parking lot within 90 days, and the Clerk in-
structed to draft a resolution of approval, which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered the
application of Lawrence Tiede for a use permit to convert a dwelling unit into a
professional office at 522 South 1st Street, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the conditions of the Improvement Agreement, the posting
of a bond, and the installation of a hard-surfaced off-street parking lot as shown
on the plot plan amended by the Traffic Engineer, within 90 days, and the Board
having been advised that the agreement had been signed and the bond posted;	

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Lawrence
Tiede for a use permit to convert a dwelling unit into a professional office at
522 South 1st Street be approved subject to the conditions of the Improvement Agree-
ment and installation of a hard-surfaced off-street parking lot within 90 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE - V-17-56	The Commission considered the application of William I. Reynolds for variance to

W.L. Reynolds	convert a two car garage into personal living quarters at 530 South 6th Street, in

	a C-1 zone.

Mr. Bills stated that the Board of Adjustment had denied the application on the
grounds that the property was recently rezoned for commercial uses and therefore
its development for additional residential uses would be incompatible. He further
stated that alley dwellings would tend to make commercial development more diffi-
cult.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William Reynolds for
variance to convert a two car garage into personal living quarters at 530 South
6th Street be denied, and the Clerk instructed to draft a resolution of denial,
which is hereby adopted.
BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered
the application of William Reynolds for variance to convert a two car garage
into personal living quarters at 530 South 6th Street, in a C-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application on the grounds that the property was recently rezoned for com-
mercial uses and therefore its development for additional residential uses would
be incompatible;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of William
Reynolds for variance to convert a two car garage into personal living quarters
at 530 South 6th Street, in a C-1 zone, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE V-19-56	Consideration was given to the application of Mrs. J.G.Brown to allow a single-

Mrs. J.G. Brown	faced sign to be erected at 2318 Fairfield Avenue on the northwest corner of Cin-

	cinnati and Fairfield, in an R-4 zone.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment had denied the appli-
cation on the grounds that the size and character of the sign was completely incom-
patible and out of character in an R-4 neighborhood.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Mrs. J.G. Brown for variance
to allow a single-faced sign to be erected at 2318 Fairfield Avenue on the northwest
comer of Cincinnati and Fairfield be denied and the Clerk instructed to draft a
resolution of denial, which is hereby adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered the appli-
cation of Mrs. J.G. Brown for variance to allow a single-faced sign to be erected at
2318 Fairfield Avenue on the northwest comer of Cincinnati and Fairfield, in an R-4
zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application on the grounds that the size and character of the sign was com-
pletely incompatible and out of character in an R-4 neighborhood;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Mrs. J.G.

Brown for a variance to allow a single-faced sign to be erected at 2318 Fairfield
Avenue on the northwest comer of Cincinnati and Fairfield, in an R-4 zone, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

VARIANCE - V-20-56	The Commission considered the application of A.G. Williams for variance to construct

A.G. Williams	an addition to a dwelling to within 7'6" of the rear lot line at 200 North 15th

Street, in an R-1 zone.

Mr. Bills stated that this application had been denied by the Board of Adjustment
on the basis that the applicant failed to show any unusual or unnecessary hardship,
the applicant's lot has sufficient ground to allow him to make the proposed ad-
dition to his home in conformity with the Ordinance.

Mr. Williams was present and stated that if he had to revise his plans it would
put his house in front of the neighboring houses and would cost him three times
as much money.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of A.G. Williams for variance
to construct an addition to a dwelling to within 7'6" of the rear lot line at 200
North 15th Street be approved subject to the posting of a bond in the amount of
$574.75 for the installation of off-site improvements, and the Clerk instructed
to draft a resolution of approval, which is hereby adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered
the application of A.G. Williams for variance to construct an addition to a
dwelling to within 7'6" of the rear lot line at 200 North 15th Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment de-
nying this application on the basis that the applicant failed to show any unusual
or unnecessary hardship and the applicant's lot having sufficient ground to allow
him to make this proposed addition to his home in conformity with the Ordinance;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that the application of A.G.

Williams for variance to construct an addition to a dwelling to within 7'6"
of the rear lot line at 200 North 15th Street be approved subject to the posting
of a bond for the installation of off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain,Bunker, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 9.10 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9.30
P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

OWENS AVENUE GRADE CROSSING        City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that previously they had authorized the

payment of $4500 to Susan Mankiewicz and $6,000 to Ancell Brown to secure the right
of way for the Owens Avenue Grade Crossing.

Mr. John Foley representing Susan Mankiewicz and Ancell Brown appeared at this time
before the Board.
Mr. Foley stated that the $6,000 settlement was based on an appraisal by Paul
Drury in which Mr. Drury had valued the house on the property only at its
salvage value of $250.00. Mr. Foley advised the Commission that until July
of this year Mr. Brown had been receiving $50.00 a month rent from this house
and felt that the $6,000 offer should be increased $750.00 to $1,000.00.

The City Attorney reported that this house does not comply with the Building Code
and has been condemned and cannot be used.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the previous action of the Board of November 21, 1956
on the Ancell Brown property be affirmed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Mr. Foley stated that it was the feeling of his client Susan Mankiewicz that the
offer of $4500 on her property should be increased $500. Mr. Foley stated this
request was being made because of the close proximity to the other property.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the previous action of the Board of
October 18, 1956 on the Mankiewicz property be affirmed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

PURCHASE OF CITY PROPERTY          The proposal of Dr. Chester Lyon to purchase City property on East Charleston Boule-
Chester Lyon	vard was held in abeyance until a full Board is present, on December 19, 1956.

VARIANCE - V-21-56	Consideration was given to the application of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter

Day Sanits for a variance to construct a commercial laundry and linen supply ser-
vice on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and Bruce, in an R-4 zone.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment had
denied this application on the ground that variance procedure is not the proper
method for alleviating the hardship claimed by the applicant, and on the ground
that if the proposed use of the property for a laundry and linen supply plant is
proper, it should be authorized not by variance, but rezoning from R-4 to M-1.

His Honor asked if there were any protests to this variance. None were filed or
voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the LDS Church for variance to con-
struct a commercial laundry and linen supply service on Foremaster Lane between
North 5th and Bruce be approved subject to the signing of an agreement and posting
a bond for off-site improvements and the Clerk instructed to draft a resolution
of approval, which is hereby adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered the appli-
cation of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Sanits for variance to con-
struct a commercial laundry and linen supply service on Foremaster Lane between
North 5th and Bruce, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application on the ground that variance procedure is not the proper method
of alleviating the hardship claimed by the applicant and on the ground that if
the proposed use of the property for a laundry and linen supply plant is proper,
it should be authorized hot by variance, but rezoning from R-4 to M-1;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Sanits for variance to construct a commercial laundry
and linen supply service on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and Bruce, in an
R-4 zone, be approved subject to the signing of an agreement and posting a bond
for off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the Allowing vote:	Commis-
sioners Fountain, Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker. Commissioner

Bunker disqualified himself from voting and advised the Commission that he had sold
the property to the Church. Mayor Pro Tem Whipple passed his vote on the basis
that he is the President of the Stake.

REHABILITATION FARM	 City Engineer Wade presented the request of Paul Smitley, Contractor for the Re-

Extension of Time	 habilitation Farm, for extension of time for completion from December 13, 1956

to January 7; 1957. Mr. Wade recommended this request be granted due to the fact
that access roads and water and sewage requirements still have to be met prior to
the occupancy of this building.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Paul Smitley for extension of time
to January 7, 1957 for completion of the Rehabilitation Farm be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SEWAGE TREATMENT PLANT	At this time the City Engineer requested permission to proceed in installing 100

WELL	feet of 10-3/4" casing in order to develop a shallow well for the new sewage treat-

ment plant at an approximate cost of $1,370.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Allen and Failing be authorized to proceed with the
installation of 100 feet of 10-3/4" casing to develop a shallow well for the new
sewage treatment plant at an approximate cost of $1,370.00.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Engineer requested permission to drill an additional shallow well at
the Rehabilitation Farm at an approximate cost of $950.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Allen and Failing be authorized to proceed with
the drilling of an additional shallow well at the Police Rehabilitation Farm at
an approximate cost of $960.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Engineer Wade presented the request of the President of the Jewish Community
Center for an extension of time for the installation of off-site improvements. Mr.
Wade explained this extension is requested due to the fact that funds are not
available to complete the project at this time. The Off-site Improvement Agree-
ment was signed February l4, 1956 with partial completion, i.e. street paving,
curb and gutter and driveways on the west side of 17th Street and south side of
Bracken, due to be completed December 31, 1956.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the Jewish Community Center for extension
of time for the installation of off-site improvements for 6 months be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Engineer requested permission to advertise for bids for the installation
of water and sewer lines on Hinson Street from West Charleston to the new Fire
Station.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Engineering Department be authorized to prepare
plans and specifications for the installation of water and sewer lines on Hinson
Street from West Charleston to the new Fire Station, and the City Clerk authorized
to advertise for bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Willard J. Bren for a firearms per-
mit at the Western Auto Supply, 2003 East Charleston be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes,none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Louis E. Fleury to be added to the li-
cense for the Hock Shop, 119 South 1st Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Uvalde Caperton to be added to the
gaming license of the Cotton Club, 500 Jackson be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Harry Tabak for license for 6 slot
machines at the Blue Onion, 2100 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation
Permits, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved:

NAVY MOTHERS CLUB

NEVADA STATE SOCIETY OF CHILDREN OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION
SALVATION ARMY

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 2728 thru 3254 in the net
amount of $75,425.67 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the
warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

REHABILITATION FARM
Add'n l Well

JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER
Extension of Time

HINSON STREET
Water & Sewer

FIREARMS PERMIT
Western Auto

PAWNSHOP LICENSE
Hock Shop

GAMING LICENSE
Addition of
Partner

New

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION

PERMITS



PAYROLL WARRANTS
Commissioner Sharp moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 8726 through 8870
in the total amount of $278,371.70 he approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of November 21, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

The City Attorney presented a revised Easement to be given the City of Las Vegas
for the proposed "A" Street, north of Charleston Boulevard.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

Proposed agreement between Union Pacific Railroad Company and City of Las
Vegas whereby the Railroad Company grants to the City of Las Vegas and easement
and right of way for highway purposes, including the right to construct, install
and thereafter maintain, sewers and storm drains and to grant to others the right
to install and maintain pole lines and pipe lines over, along and across portions
of Section 33 and 34; Township 20 South, Range 6l East, MDB&M., City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has said
proposed agreement before it and has given it careful review and consideration; and

WHEREAS, it is considered that the best interest of said City of Las Vegas
will be subserved ty the acceptance of said agreement;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF TEE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS

That the terms of the agreement submitted by the Railroad Company as aforesaid
be, and the same are hereby accepted in behalf of said City;

That the Mayor of Said City is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to
execute said agreement on behalf of said City, and that the City Clerk of said
City is hereby authorized and directed to attest said agreement and to attach to
each duplicate original of said agreement a certified copy of this resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor Pro Tem be authorized to sign a letter to the
Board of Clark County Commissioners protesting the inclusion of any City owned
property in any unincorporated town, and the following resolution adopted:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, a petition has been filed with the Board of Commissioners of Clark
County, petitioning for the establishment of an unincorporated town east of the
present City limits of the City of Las Vegas, and in the area which sometime shortly
will be sought to be annexed by the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, in the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
the establishment of unincorporated towns is contrary to the public interest and
is an unnecessary burden on the taxpayers of the County of Clark, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, the establishment of unincorporated towns without a valid reason is
detrimental to the growth and development of incorporated cities, and is not in
the public welfare,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of December, 1956, that
this Board establishes of record its opposition to the creation of any additional
unincorporated towns near the City limits of the incorporated City of Las Vegas,
and in any areas near said City which in the foreseeable future would provide for
the extension of the boundaries of the incorporated City of Las Vegas.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 5th day of December, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that he had notified the Palm Funeral
Home about its delinquent bill on November 19, 1956, and it was suggested that
they be given a full thirty days before proceedings are taken to collect this ac-
count. He stated that he would make a further report at the next regular meeting
of the Commission.

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had received a request from Gerald and Vaughn
Leavitt, through their attorneys, Earl & Earl, for the City to vacate the triangular
parcel of land which is a portion of South 3rd and Utah, which lies in front of the
Lincoln Market. Mr. Kennedy recommended that parking meters be installed in this
area. No action was taken on this matter.

12-5-56

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

A STREET EASEMENT

RESOLUTION -
Protest Unincorporated
Cities

PALM FUNERAL HOME

VACATION OF PROPERTY
3rd & Utah
Mr. Kennedy advised, the Commission that a request had been made from the Boulder
Club that the license fees for the next three months be waived. The City Manager
reported that the City Attorney had advised him that these fees were the second
payment on a 6 month's license and must be paid.

The City Manager presented the proposal of Bunker & Jones for auditing the City
accounts. He stated that it was practically the same as last years contract and
stipulated that the cost would not exceed $6,500. Mr. Kennedy recommended that
this contract be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved the proposal of Bunker & Jones to audit the City Ac-
counts be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Electrolux Corp. for reduction
of the solicitor's license fee.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted and the license fee reduced to
the same fee as general mercantile.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the contract with the Las Vegas Bench Ad-
vertising Co. be cancelled because they have not paid the fees as agreed upon in
this contract.

Commissioner Bunker moved the contract with the Las Vegas Bench Advertising Com-
pany for bus stop bench advertising be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Engineering Department had
requested that the street patching on East Charleston and Nellis Boulevard be de-
leted from the contract of Charles J. Dorfman, contractor for the Outfall Sewer.

Mr. Kennedy stated that County Board of Commissioners were going to advertise for
bids on a complete construction of these roads, and that the City's money together
with that of the County Sanitation District and the County Road Department would
be used to complete the job. The attorney advised that a change of contract would
authorize this.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of the City Manager authorizing a change
order to delete the street patching from the contract of Charles J. Dorfman be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.



At this time the City Manager reported that A.G.Neumeyer who had received a use permit
to convert a multiple unit into professional offices at 1713-15-17 East Charleston
Boulevard, had not installed the improvements required when this permit was granted.
Mr. Kennedy stated that Mr. Neumeyer was supposed to install street lights, curbs,
gutters, sidewalks and an approved parking lot, and that the City has applications
for licenses and two doctors are practicing in that location, but the licenses can-
not be permanently issued as they are subject to completion of the improvements.

Mr. Kennedy requested that Mr. Neumeyer be given thirty (30) days to complete the
Improvements of the use permit cancelled by the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Neumeyer be notified to install these improvements
within thirty (30) days or his use permit will be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commisl

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had received an application from the Nevada Employment
Security to place a trailer on North 2nd Street approximately 200 feet south of the
State Employment parking lot, to be used as an office by the Employment Security.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that he had a letter explaining why this was
needed.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the owners of the El Rio Club be notified to appear at
the next regular meeting on December 19, 1957 to show cause why their licenses
should not be revoked on the basis of the reports from the Police Department and
City Attorneys office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;

GAMING & LICENSE FEES
AUDITING CONTRACT

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE FEE

BENCH ADVERTISING CONTRACT
Cancelled

STREET PATCHING
E. Charleston & Nellis Blvd.

USE PERMIT - U-18-55
A.G. Neumeyer

NEVADA EMPLOYMENT SECURITY

EL RIO CLUB
License Revocation
City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of the Hoyt Bench Company for the
contract for bench advertising. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this
Company was willing to pay up the old bills of the Las Vegas Bench Advertising
Company and pay the fees due the City.

Commissioner Bunker moved this contract be awarded to the Hoyt Bench Company and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to invest $500,000.00 of the Bond money
U.S. Treasury bonds, to mature not later than June 1, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bond money not to exceed $500,000.00 be invested in
U.S. Treasury Bonds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy requested that authorization be granted to give the City employees Mon-
day, December 24th off, due to the fact that with Christmas on the 25th they would
have to return for one day and that during the day the Christmas parties and
gatherings Would take up most of the day. Mr. Kennedy stated that if this request
was granted there should be no panties allowed on Friday except the exchange of gifts.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted, and the City offices closed on
December 24, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy stated that the Child Welfare Board was very dissatisfied with
the operation of the Baby-Tel Nursery, and had requested that the Commission cite
them in to show cause why their license should not be revoked. Mr. Kennedy re-
ported that the Welfare Board had stated that there were numerous violations in
the operation of this business, and they did not feel that it should be operated as
a commercial nursery.

Commissioner Bunker moved that in view of the recommendation of the Child Welfare
Board that the owners of the Baby-Tel Nursery be notified to appear at the next
regular meeting of the Commissioners on December 19, 1956 to show cause why their
license should not be revoked on the basis of the reports from the Child Welfare
Board and other City Departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Recreation Director H.B. Trent requested that bids be advertised for the installa-
tion of a sprinkling system for the Ball Park.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Public Works Department be authorized to go to
bid for the sprinkling system for the Ball Park according to plans and specifica-
tions drawn by the Engineering Department, and the plans include an alternate.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378, RE-
FERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY AMENDING
THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONE DESIG-
NATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, having been reported on favorably by Com-
missioners Bunker and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 729 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to came before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk 	Mayor Pro Tem	

BENCH ADVERTISING CONTRACT
Awarded

REINVESTMENT OF BOND MONEY



CLOSING OF CITY OFFICES

BABY-TEL NURSERY
License Revocation

BALL PARK SPRINKLING
SYSTEM

Bids to be Advertised

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

ORDINANCE NO. 729
Rezonings
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 1$, 19$6

As regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 19th day of December, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the 	following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris	P.	Sharp

City Attorney	Howard	W.	Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert	F.	Boos

City Engineer	George	E.	Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Commissioner Sharp moved the hearing for Mrs. Rose Underwood to appear before the
Commission to show cause whey the license for the Baby-Tel Nursery should not be re-
voked be continued until January 2, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

This being the time set for the hearing on whether or not the taver license for the
Bonanza Bar, 4l8 West Bonanza should be revoked, Mr. Raymond Salmon and his attorney
Robert Cohen appeared before the Commission.

The Chief of Police advised the Commission that Mr. Salmon had appeared in District
Court on December 17, 1956 and pled guilty to the charge of receiving stolen property.
Chief Sheffer further advised the Commission that Mr. Salmon was found guilty and would
be sentenced on December 20, 1956.

Mr. Cohen advised the Commission that Mr. Salmon had entered into a contract for the
sale of the bar, and that the propective buyer was willing to pay Mr. Salmon's debts
in the amount of $11,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that in view of the past performance of Mr. Salmon
and the continued violations that the tavern license for the Bonanza Bar be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

This being the time set for Mr. Clayton Mar to appear before the Commission to show
cause whey the El Rio Club should not be closed, Mr. Mar appeared with his attorney
Mr. Madison Graves.

Mayor Baker stated that the reports showed that a special officer of the club was dis-
charged because he reported a change of policy to the Police Department. His Honor
asked whether or not Mr. Mar realized that special officers were under the jurisdiction
of the Police Department.

Mr. Graves stated that Mr. Mar was aware of the regulations, and was not aware of this
being the reason that Mr. Broadus was discharged.

Mr. Mar said that the reason Mr. Broadus was discharged was because of misconduct and
mistreating the customers of the Club.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the license of the El Rio Club be suspended for
1$ days, commencing at 8:00 A.M., December 20, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

At this time Mr. Clay Lynch of the Clark County Engineers was present to request addi-
tional easement for highway and utilities in Sections 16 and 17, T21S, R61E, MDB&M.

Mr. Lynch presented a map showing the easement the County requires.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the additional easement as requested by Clark County
in Sections l6and 17, T21S, R61E, MDB&M be approved and the Director of Public Works
and City Attorney instructed to check the easement presented and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of B id No. 56.54 for the installation
of a water line on Hinson Street from Charleston Boulevard to the new Fire Station
site, bids were received from the following firms:

GEORGE E. MILLER	$5,188.55

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION	5,352.20

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

BABY-TEL NURSERY
License Revocation
Hearing Continued

BONANZA BAR
License Revoked

EL RIO CLUB
Show Cause Hearing

EASEMENT
Clark County

BID NO. 56.54
Hinson Street
Water Line
This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.55 for the installa-
tion of the sewer line on Hinson Street from Charleston Boulevard to the new fire
station site, bids were received from the following firms:

GEORGE E. MILLER	$2,420.00

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION	3,100.00

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the application of the Union Pacific Railroad Company for
variance for above ground tank storage facilities on the southside of Bonanza Road
between Highland Drive and H Street in an M-1 zone. This application was approved by
the Board of Adjustment subject to an off site improvement agreement and bond; con-
struction in accordance with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer; and sub-
mission of a letter from the Board of Fire Underwriters stating that fire insurance
rates on non-industrial properties in this area will not be increased to any great
extent than if the proposed tanks were located across the railroad spur tracks.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the agreement had been signed,
the letter from the Fire Underwriters received and the bond posted. He further stated
that there was a request from the Texas Company that the requirement of street lights
be deleted at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the UPRR for a variance for above ground
tank storage facilities on the southside of Bonanza Road between Highland Drive and H
Street in an M-1 zone be approved subject to construction in accordance with the plot
plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer and amendment of the improvement agreement that
street lights be omitted at this time but will be installed at such time as the City
puts in an improvement district either by cash or special assessment district, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 19th day of December, 19% having considered the appli-
cation of the UPRR for variance for above ground tank storage facilities on the south-
side of Bonanza Road between Highland Drive and H Street, in an M-l zone; and '

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to an off site improvement agreement and bond; construction
in accordance with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer; and submission
of a letter from the Board of Fire Underwriters stating that fire insurance rates on
non-industrial properties in this area will not be increased to any great extent than
if the proposed tanks were located across the railroad spur tracks; and the Board
having been further advised that said conditions had been complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the UPRR
for variance for above ground tank storage facilities on the southside of Bonanza
Road between Highland Drive and H Street in an M-1 zone be approved subject to construc-
tion in accordance with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer and amend-
ment of the improvement agreement that street lights be omitted at this time but
will be installed at such time as the City puts in an improvement district either by
cash or special assessment district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the application of Robert J. Dwyer, Roman Catholic
Bishop of Reno for a Use Permit to construct a parochial school, auditorium and rectory
at Alta Drive between Shetland and Compbell Drives in an R-E zone. This application
was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to an off-site improvement agreement
including the dedication of required right-of-way on Alta and Campbell Drives and post-
ing of a bond.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the agreement has been signed
and the bond posted.

His Honor asked if there were ary of the protestants who had anything new to add to
their previous objections. The following persons appeared and objected to this use
permit:

Mr. Joe Wells
Mrs. Helen Van Vorst
Mr. Leslie Elson
Mrs. Ada Gardner

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Robert J. Dwyer, Roman Catholic
Bishop of Reno for a use permit to construct a parochial school, auditorium and rectory
at Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell Drives in an R-E zone be approved subject
to the dedication of the required right-of-way on Alta and Campbell Drives, and the
agreement for off-site improvements, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 19th day of December, 1956 having considered the application
of Robert J. Dwyer, Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno for a use permit to construct a
parochial school, auditorium and rectory on Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell
Drives in an R-E zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to an off-site improvement agreement including the dedication of
required right-of-way on Alta and Campbell Drives and posting of a bond, and the Board
having been advised these conditions had been complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Robert J.

Dwyer, Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno for a use permit to construct a parochial school,
auditorium and rectory on Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell Drives, in an R-E
zone be approved subject to the dedication of the required right-of-way on Alta and
Campbell Drives, the off-site improvement agreement and posting of a bond.



BID NO. 56.55
Opened

VARIANCE V-18-56
UPRR:

USE PERMIT U-43-56
Catholic Church
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he was in sympathy with the property owners, but he
would have to vote in favor of this application since the City Attorney's opinion was
that the Board could not do otherwise. Mayor Baker also stated that he would like to
qualify his vote that since the City Attorney's opinion was that this project would be
sustained in Court, he would have to vote in favor of this motion.

City Attorney Howard Cannon stated that he would like the record to show that he did
not advise the Board of Commissioners that the Church is legally entitled to this
use permit as a matter of law.

At the hour of 8:25 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at 8:50 P.M. with all
members present as of the opening session.

 Consideration was given to the application of Louis Miranti to rezone Blocks 7 and
18; Block 6, except Lots 9, 15,16 and 47; Block 19, except Lots 11, 19 and 20; Block
30, except Lots 9 and 11 of Las Vegas Square from R-1 to R-3.

Mr. Bills stated that this application had been approved by the Planning Commission,
but the matter deferred from the City Commission meeting of January 18, 1956 pending
a conclusion of the condemnation proceedings to acquire right-of-way for Decatur Boule-
vard. He advised the Commission that this right-of-way has been acquired.

Mr. Bills further stated that the reason for the exception of certain lots was that
Mr. Miranti did not own this property at the time the application was made, but did
own it now. He stated that the Planning Commission felt that the entire area should
be rezoned R-3.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Blocks 7,6,18,19 and 30 of Las Vegas Square
be rezoned from R-1 to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Franklin Bills presented the request of Vegas Transit Lines for rerouting and rescheduling
of the busses, as approved by the Traffic and Parking Commission. Mr. Bills stated
that the Traffic and Parking Commission further recommended that bus stops be in-
stalled on the east side of South 4th from the alley north to the intersection of
Fremont and on the west side of North 4th from the alley south to the intersection of
Fremont.

This matter was referred to Commissioners Bunker and Fountain for study and recommen-
dation at the next regular meeting of the Commission.

City Engineer Wade recommended acceptance of the contract work for the construction of
the Dog Kennels and final payment to Paul Wagner in the amount of $749.77.

Commissioner Bunker moved that final payment to Paul Wagner for construction of the
Dog Kennels in the amount of $749.77 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the warrant register and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue
the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

The City Engineer recommended acceptance of the contract work and release of bond for
the Civic Center Parking Lot and Jefferson Recreation Area paving and final payment
to Pahlen Construction in the amount of $1,036.70.

Commissioner Bunker moved that final payment to Pahlen Construction Co. for the Civic
Center Parking Lot and Jefferson Recreation Area paving in the amount of $1,036.70 be
approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the
Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant, and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

The City Engineer recommended acceptance of the work and release of the bond for East
Charleston Water Line and final payment to Longley Construction Co. in the amount of
$1,245.23.

Commissioner Fountain moved that final payment to Longley Construction Co. for the East
Charleston Water Line in the amount of $1,245.23 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the warrant register and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized
to issue the warrant, and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple

City Engineer Wade recommended acceptance of the contract work and release of bond for
the Fire Alarm building and final payment to J. A. Tiberti Construction Co. in the
amount of $10,702.23.

Commissioner Sharp moved that final payment to J. A. Tiberti construction Co. for the
Fire Alarm building in the amount of $10,702.23 be approved, the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the warrant register, the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to
issue the warrant, and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Whipple.

REZONING Z-34-55

Louis Miranti

BUS ROUTES & SCHEDULES

DOG KENNELS
Final Payment

PARKING LOTS
Final Payment

E. CHARLESTON WATER LINE
Final Payment

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Final Payment
City Engineer Wade requested permission to spend $6,000 for processing of 10,000
yards of gravel for use by the Street Department. Mr. Wade advised the Commission
that the Clark County Road Department will perform this service at cost.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be given to issue a purchase order not
to exceed 10,000 square yards of gravel at 60¢ per yard to the Clark County Road
Department for processing gravel for use by the Street Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

City Engineer Wade presented the map showing the proposed location for the road for
the Rehabilitation Farm and Sewer Disposal plant.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the plot plan for the location of the road for the
Rehabilitation Farm and Sewer Plant be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

City Engineer Wade requested a four weeks extension of time of equipment rental of a
Cat and Scraper to be used for road construction.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a purchase order be authorized to be issued to
Cashman for rental of a Cat and a Scraper for an additional four weeks from January
27, 1957 to be used for road construction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Public Works Department be instructed to prepare
plans and specifications and the City Clerk authorized to advertise for bids for
light globes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the deed from Susanna J. Mankiewicz for Owens Avenue is accepted and the
City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is
hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has deemed it necessary to acquire certain property
hereinafter referred to for the purpose of the extension of Owens Avenue, and

WHEREAS, the City has purchased said property from the legal owner thereof,

NOW, THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker duly seconded by
Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following resolution is
adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of December, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
12th day of December, 1956, executed by Susanna J. Mankiewicz, Joseph S. Mankiewicz,

Mary Magdalene Mankiewicz unto the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the deed from Ancell G. Brown for Owens Avenue is accepted and the City
Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby
adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has deemed it necessary to acquire certain property
hereinafter referred to for the purpose of the extension of Owens Avenue, and

WHEREAS, the City has purchased said property from the legal owner thereof,

NOW, THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by
Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following resolution is
adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of December, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
3rd day of December, 1956, executed by Ancell G. Brown, Connie Brown , unto the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property des-
cribed therein be, and is hereby accepted,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the deed from Clyde R. Cosbey for Decatur Boulevard is accepted and the
City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is
hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

GRAVEL

ROAD LOCATION

Rehab Farm & Sewer Plant

EQUIPMENT RENTAL
LIGHT GLOBES

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEEDS
Owens Avenue

Owens Avenue
Decatur Boulevard
WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has deemed it necessary to acquire certain
property hereinafter referred to for the purpose of the extension of Owens Avenue, and

WHEREAS, the City has purchased said property from the legal owner thereof,

NOW, THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by
Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following resolution is
adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of December, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City	of Las Vegas, County of	Clark, State	of Nevada, that the deed dated the

29th day of	November, 1956, executed by Clyde R. Cosbey and Evelyn Cosbey unto the City

of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the deed from American Homes for Decatur Boulevard is accepted and the
City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is
hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT	RESOLVED, this 19th day of December, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners

of the City	of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the

10th day of April, 1956, executed by American Homes, Inc., a Nevada Corporation
by: Louis Miranti Secretary-Treasurer and Orville T. Harris, President to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the deed from Nevada Title Guaranty Co. for Decatur Boulevard is accepted
and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed
which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of December, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
14th day of December, 1956, executed by Nevada Title Guaranty Co., a Nevada Corporation
by: M. P. Adams, Assistant Secretary to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE	IT FURTHER RESOLVED,	that a	copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,

and	that	the same be recorded	in the	office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the deed from John B. Cavanaugh for Decatur Boulevard is accepted and the
City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is
hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of December, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
29th day of May, 1956, executed by John E. Cavanaugh and Charles R. Cavanaugh to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED,	that a	copy of this Resolution be attached to said	deed,

and	that the same be recorded	in the	office of the County Recorder of the County	of

Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the petition of property owners on Charleston between l5th
and Fremont for the vacation of forty (40) feet on each side of Charleston. Commissioners
Bunker and Sharp were requested to meet with Toy Gregory, attorney for the petitioners
to see what can be worked out.

A petition of property owners for the annexation of certain portions of Sections 29,30,

31 and 32 of T20S, R62E, MDB&M was presented to the Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the area hereinafter described in this resolution comes in the logical
jurisdictional boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, and should be annexed to the City
of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, general plans for the proper development of this area can be worked out
in the public interest with greater regard for the rights and desires of all property
owners in the area on an overall basis rather than on a piece-meal basis which would
be required if only a portion of the area were to be annexed; and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is equipped to provide and/or to assist the
property owners in the provision of certain urban type services which would be diffi-
cult for the County of Clark to provide to an unincorporated area; and

WHEREAS, some of the property owners within the described area have petitioned
the City of Las Vegas for the annexation of this area to the City of Las Vegas, but a
minority of the property owners are opposed; and

WHEREAS, Chapter 320, Laws of Nevada 1953, provides for the annexation of certain
areas adjacent and contiguous to the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas by

holding a public hearing thereon; and	12-19-56

Decatur Boulevard

Decatur Boulevard

Decatur Boulevard

PETITION FOR VACATION
Charleston Boulevard

PETITION FOR ANNEXATION
WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas deems it in the public interest to call for said
public hearing on the annexation of the hereinafter described property,

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of December, 1956, that the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas declares its intention to annex to the
City of Las Vegas the following described property:

Those certain tracts or parcels of land lying and being in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

PARCEL I	The NW¼ of the NW¼ and the S½ of the SW¼ and the E½ of Section

30, T20S, R62E, MDB&M.

PARCEL II	All	of Section 31	T20S, R62E,	MDB&M.

PARCEL III	All	of Sections 29 and 32, T20S, R62E, MDB&M, save and except

the East 50 feet thereof.

PARCEL IV	The	South 50 feet of Sections 19 and 18, T20S, R62E, MDB&M.

PARCEL V	The	North 50 feet of Sections 5 and 6, T21S, R62E, MDB&M.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Engineer be and hereby is ordered to file
a plat in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas showing the area here-
inabove described which is to be annexed; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a public hearing on said determination to annex shall
be held at 7:30 P.M. on the 16th day of January, 1957 at the Council Chambers at 5th
and Stewart Streets in the City Hall of the City of Las Vegas and all freeholders of
such territory, sought to be annexed, shall appear in person, or by filing a properly
signed petition with the City Clerk on or before the date named to show cause why
said territory should not be annexed to the City of Las Vegas:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a notice of said hearing shall be published twice
each week for a period of two weeks in a newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
and said notice shall be posted in at least three (3) public places in the territory
sought to be annexed and a copy of said notice to be mailed to all known freeholders
of the said territory sought to be annexed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the notice provided herein this Resolution shall be
in substantially the form attached hereto and made a part of this Resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to advertise for bids for the
towing contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Edward DeBord to transfer his club liquor
license for the Downtown Civic & Social Club from 126½ North 1st Street to 117 North
Main Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Hunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Harriet Cicchetti for a restaurant beverage
license for Rocco's, 2008 E. Charleston be held in abeyance until Rocco and Peter
Cicchetti register with the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Z-L Enterprises for the liquor and gaming
licenses for the Louisiana Club, 1322 North F Street be deferred until there is a full
Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the addition of William W. Naylor for addition to the license
of the Golden Gate be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:- Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for permits for charitable soli-
citation be approved as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board:

VARIETY CLUB OF SOUTHERN NEVADA

CLARK COUNTY CHAPTER NATIONAL FOUNDATION FOR INFANTILE PARALYSIS
MARCH OF DIMES

QUARTER MIDGET RACING ASSN Extension of time

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

TOWING CONTRACT

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Transfer

New

LIQUOR & GAMING
Louisiana Club

Golden Gate

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS
Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 3260 through 3787 in the net
amount of $75,543.12 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 8871 through 9014
in the total amount of $616,218.56 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of December 5, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker passed his vote. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had received another request from the Nevada
Employment Security to place a trailer on the State Building Parking Lot to be used
as an office. This request was denied.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that two pumps at the Golf Course had been
burned out and there needed to be a replacement. He stated that since the ball park
is going in in this area, that a larger pump will be needed. Mr. Kennedy stated the
estimated cost would be $3,900.00, and that prices would be secured from several dealers
and awarded to the lowest.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the City Manager to purchase a new pump for
the Golf Course be approved subject to his advising the Commission of the bid to be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy reported that he had received a request addressed to the Mayor and Commission
from R. L. Gresham Insurance Adjustors that they be given a portion of the adjustment
work of the City. The City Manager advised the Commission that the agent for Insurance
Association is the one that designates the adjustor. The Commission requested that
Mr. Kennedy contact the Insurance Association and suggest that a portion of this work
be delegated to R. L. Gresham Company.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the City Attorney had advised that the contract for advertising
on benches for bus stops awarded last meeting to the Hoyt Advertising Company be made
for no longer than two years instead of fifteen as the contract called for.

At this time Mayor Baker left the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner

Whipple.

Mayor Baker returned to the meeting.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had received a request from the Encyclopedia Britannica for
permission to solicit for sales under one general mercantile license issued to the
Company This request was denied.

Mr. Kennedy presented the proposal of Dr. Chester Lyon to purchase City property east
of the East Charleston Fire Station Site at $2100.00 per acre.

Commissioner Sharp moved the sale of this property to Dr. Chester Lyon be approved sub-
ject to the correct legal description and a contract be prepared by the City Attorney's
office at $2100.00 per acre, cash for 9.7 acres with a one year option at the same price
on two other parcels of land.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

City Engineer Wade recommended that the low bid of George E. Miller Construction
Company on Bid No. 56.54 for the installation of the water line on Hinson Street be
accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.54 be awarded to George E. Miller in the
total amount of $5,188.55.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

City Engineer Wade recommended that the low bid of George E. Miller Construction Company
on Bid No. 56.55 for the installation of the sewer line on Hinson Street be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.55 be awarded to George E. Miller in the
total amount of $2,420.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

NEVADA EMPLOYMENT
SECURITY

GOLF COURSE PUMP

INSURANCE ADJUSTING

BENCH ADVERTISING
CONTRACT

ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITTANICA
SALE OF CITY PROPERTY

BID NO. 56.54
Hinson Water Line
Awarded

BID NO. 56.55
Hinson Sewer Line
Awarded
Commissioner Bunker moved the application of James Snowden to transfer the package
liquor license of Jimmie's Liquor Store from 1400 North E to 607 Van Buren be held
in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Ah ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE FIXING AND IMPOSING LICENSE TAXES FOR REVENUE UPON

HOTELS AND MOTELS AND UPON GAMING; AUTHORIZING THE COLLECTION OF SUCH LICENSE TAXES;
PRESCRIBING OTHER DETAILS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION HEREOF, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Sharp
for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the motion revoking the license of the El Rio Club be
rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the gaming license of the El Rio Club be suspended for a
period of fifteen days beginning at 8:00 A.M. on December 20,1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following meritorious salary increases recommended by
the Civil Service Board of Trustees and the City Manager be approved:

NAME	DEPARTMENT	STEP TO STEP	SCHEDULE	DOLLARS

Hart, Margaret	Building	3-4	16	258-273

Heath, William B.	"	4-5	25	450-476

Larson, Harold	"	4-5	27	303-332

Walker, Reed	"	4-5	26	476-503

Anderson, W. W.	Engineering	2-3	24	38l-403

Burt, James E.	"	2-3	24	381-403

Castile, Richard	Fire	4-5	23	403-426

Sterner, Gerald L.	"	4-5	23	403-426

Stay, Clarence A., Sr.	Golf Course	2-3	17	238-273

Berntsen, Ruby	Library	2-3	18	273-288

Henry, Cal	"	3-4	13	244-258

Whitman, Lillian	"	3-4	17	273-288

Zook, Erie T.	Maintenance	4-5	18	304-322

Cobb, Walter	Park	4-5	17	288-303

Mix, Harry	"	3-4	17	273-288

Wright, Clyde	"	3-4	17	273-288

Whitman, Marvin	Cemetery	4-5	21	360-381

Adams, Evelyn	Police	3-4	19	305-322

Barrett, Herbert Lee	"	4-5	24	426-450

Crosby, George A.	"	2-3	24	381-403

Dunn, Richard	"	4-5	26	476-503

Everett, Bobbie	"	3-4	24	403-426

Gillespie, Donald E.	"	2-3	24	38l-403

Gulas, Paul	"	3-4	24	403-426

Hamilton, Lorin	"	3-4	26	450-476

Hardy, Buddy	"	4-5	24	426-450

Hocker, Mary	"	2-3	23	360-381

Hostetler, Mary	"	4-5	18	305-322

Jeanes, Charles	"	3-4	24	403-426

Keyes, Evelyn	"	2-3	19	288-303

Lee, Rulon	"	2-3	24	38l-l;03

Quinn, George	"	4-5	26	476-503

Reed, George	"	2-3	24	38l-403

Theobald, Robert	"	2-3	24	38l-403

Washington, Isadore Jr.	"	2-3	24	381-403

West, Robert	"	2-3	24	38l-403

Clemmer, Robert	Planning	2-3	21	322-34l

Kellough, John	Public Rec & Inf.	4-5	15	258-273

Barr, Larry	Sewer Maintenance	3-4	20	322-34l

Hughes, Willie	"	"	3-4	20	322-341

Hunter, Mickey	Street	3-4	21	341-360

Knight, Robert R. Sr.	"	4-5	19	322-34l

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that he had a man from his office checking
the signs of the motels, and it was found that out of 56 signs, only 22 were not in
violation because they did not have signs.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

              City 	Clerk 	Mayor

LIQUOR LICENSE
Jimmie's Liquor Store

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Convention Hall

EL RIO CLUB

MERITORIOUS SALARY
INCREASES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

MOTEL SIGNS
December 27; 1956

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is
hereby called to be held in the Mayor's office of the City Hall, on the 27th day of
December, 1956, at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	GAMING APPLICATIONS

2.	CARVER HOUSE

3.	BENCH CONTRACT
4. BUS SCHEDULES

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A. H.

KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON,

City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the
27th day of December, 1956, at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	GAMING APPLICATIONS

2.	CARVER HOUSE

3.	BENCH CONTRACT
4. BUS SCHEDULES

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing
notice of special meeting.

/s/   C. D.	BAKER	REED WHIPPLE

H. P.	SHARP	A. H. KENNEDY

E. W.	FOUNTAIN	HOWARD W. CANNON

WENDELL BUNKER

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 27, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 27th day of December, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Adm. Asst.	Robert F. Boos

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for gaming license be approved.

AL'S MARKET	404 South 2nd	O. W. Glenn	2 slots

R0BINH00D DRIVE IN	2223 Fremont	O. W. Glenn	1 slot

SILVER CLUB	Jackson	O. W. Glenn 3 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none . Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

At this time Commissioner Bunker and City Attorney Cannon arrived at the meeting.

Discussion was held on the uncompleted hotel known as the Carver House on the northwest
corner of D and Jackson Streets. City Manager Kennedy reported that he and the City
Attorney had contacted Judge Foley and it had been decided that if the City would
construct a fence around the property and present a bill to the Court it would be handled
as a preferred claim. Mr. Kennedy advised that this uncompleted building was very
hazardous and it was necessary to construct the fence so that someone would not get
hurt. He stated that the estimated cost of the fence was between $600 and $700.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted
and authorization granted to spend approximately $700.00 to construct a fence around
the Carver House.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker gave a report of the meeting he and Commissioner Fountain held with
Dan Smith of Vegas Transit Lines concerning the rescheduling and rerouting of the busses.
Mr. Bunker stated that the conclusions of this meeting were as follows:

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Locations

CARVER HOUSE
BUS SCHEDULE
1.  One bus stop in downtown area-North 4th Street

2.	Eliminate bus route north of County Hospital on Shadow Lane.

3.	Eliminate 20 minute service except during peak hours and replace by 40
minute service in non-peak hours.

Commissioner Fountain left the meeting at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this report be accepted and Vegas Transit Lines authorized
to make these changes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager and City Attorney be authorized to give
written notice to the Las Vegas Bench Advertising Company of the cancellation of their
contract with the City for advertising on bus stop benches.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

At this time Commissioner Fountain returned to the meeting.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

12-27-56



Las Vegas, Nevada
January 2, 1957

A. regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 2nd day of January, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 8:10 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.01 for electric lamps,
proposals were received from the following firms:

SAVIERS ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS CORP.

STANDARD WHOLESALE SUPPLY CO.

PAVELL ELECTRIC SUPPLY CO.

OSBORNE ELECTRIC SUPPLY CO.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for analysis and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the hearing on whether or not the license for the Baby-Tel
Nursery should be revoked be continued until January 16, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of John W. Wise and Fred O. Cobb for a use

permit to erect a hotel and casino sign 52'3" in height at 600 North	Main Street.

This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment. Mr. Bills advised the
Commission that the agreement had been signed, but the bond had not yet been posted.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Planning Director Bills	stated that the Board	of Adjustment had held	a	public hearing

on this application for	use permit, but no protests had been raised.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of John W. Wise and Fred O. Cobb
for a use permit to erect a hotel and casino sign 52'3" in height at 600 North Main
Street be approved subject to the applicants posting the required bond and the Clerk
authorized to draft the standard resolution which is hereby adopted:

BENCH CONTRACT

BID NO. 57.01
Electric Lamps
Opening



BABY-TEL NURSERY
Hearing Continued

USE PERMIT -U-47-56
Wise & Cobb
BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 2nd day of January, 1957 having considered the application
of John W. Wise and Fred O. Cobb for use permit to erect a hotel and casino sign
52'3" in height at 600 North Main Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application and the Board having been advised that the agreement had been signed
but the bond had not yet been posted;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John W. Wise
and Fred O. Cobb for use permit to erect a hotel and casino sign 52'3" in height at
600 North Main Street be approved subject to the applicants posting the required bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment to the contractor for the air condi-
tioning of City Hall be made.

Commissioner Sharp moved that final payment to Western Heating & Ventilating in the
amount of $2,435.70 for the air conditioning of City Hall be approved, the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the Treasurer and Comptroller
authorized to issue the warrant, and the bond on this contract released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer Wade recommended that an extension of time for completion of the Addi-
tions to the City Jail from January 10, 1957 to March 6, 1957 be granted. Mr. Wade

stated that this request was made due to the fact that March 6th is the completion
date for the equipment for the City Jail and these two contracts must be correlated.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the time for the completion of the Additions to
the City Jail be extended from January 10, 1957 to March 6, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

No action was taken on the acceptance of Glen Heather #1 and release of bond.

City Engineer Wade recommended acceptance and release of the bond for the off site

improvements by Gordon & Stein at 16th and Charleston.

Commissioner Whipple moved the off site improvements on 16th and Charleston be accepted
and the off site improvement bond filed by Gordon and Stein released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment of the architectural fees to John
Replogle on the Fire Alarm Building be made.

Commissioner Sharp moved the architect fees of John Replogle for the Fire Alarm Build-
ing in the sum of $173.55 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the
warrant register and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

City Engineer Wade recommended the request of the Southern Nevada Power Company for
an extension of 6 months for the installation of new sidewalks at Lots 15 and 16, Block
5, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite be granted. Mr. Wade stated this was requested due to
the fact that the Power Company plans to erect a new building at this site.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Southern Nevada Power Company for
extension of time for the installation of new sidewalks at Lots 15 and l6, Block 5,
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite be approved until May 15, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

At this time Commissioner Bunker arrived at the meeting.

At this time City Engineer Wade presented the request of Herb McDonald for a forty-one
foot driveway at Lot 39, Block 3; Rancho Park Subdivision to permit him to place a
circular driveway next to his garage in a residential area and recommended its approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Herb McDonald for a forty-one foot driveway
at Lot 39, Block 3, Rancho Park Subdivision be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Twin Lakes Estates for 120 day extension
of time for completion of the subdivision. Mr. Wade explained that the extension was
requested due to difficulty in arranging financing and a subsequent slowdown in con-
struction schedules.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Twin Lakes Estates for an extension of time
of 120 days from January 6, 1957 on their subdivision agreement be approved, the
extension to expire on May 15, 1957.

1-2-57

AIR CONDITIONING
CONTRACT
Final Payment

ADDITIONS TO CITY JAIL
Extension of Time





GLEN HEATHER #1

GORDON & STEIN
Acceptance

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Architect Final Payment



SO. NEVADA POWER CO.
Sidewalk Installation

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
Herb McDonald

TWIN LAKES ESTATES
Extension of Time
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker, not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the deed from the Clark County School District for Franklin Avenue along
the John S. Park School is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw the standard
resolution which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of January, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 27th day of December, 1956, executed by Clark County School District
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the deed from Clark County School District for May Flower and Upland
Boulevard, 40 foot dedication along Red Rock School is accepted and the City Clerk
instructed to draw the standard resolution which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of January, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 27th day of December, 1956, executed by Clark County School District
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the deed from Clark County School District for Extension of F Street
from Owens to Harrison is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw the standard
resolution which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of January, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 27th day of December, 1956, executed by Clark County School District
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the deed from John Pappas for Washington Avenue and US Highway 99 inter-
section is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw the standard resolution
which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of January, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 20th day of December, 1956, executed by John Pappas to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved that due to the fact that the applicant Z. Louie has
operated an establishment for approximately 13 months and has cooperated with the
Police Department, that the application for a tavern liquor license and gaming license
for 1 Craps, 1 "21" and 1 Keno at the Louisiana Club, 1322 North F Street be granted
to Z L Enterprises, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
licenses at that location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bunker. Commissioner
Whipple passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Milton Prell for additional gaming license
for 2 "21" and 1 Craps at the Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont be approved and the Supervi-
sor of License and Revenue authorized to issue a license at that location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the deletion of Louis Nier from the license from the Derby
Turf Race Horse Book be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Franklin Avenue
May Flower & Upland

F Street

Washington Avenue

GAMING & LIQUOR
APPLICATIONS
Louisiana Club

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional
Pioneer Club

Deletion of Partner
Commissioner Bunker moved the suspension of the gaming license of the El Rio Club
be lifted as of January 3, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 3800 through 4338 in the net
amount of $75,645.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 9015 through 9160 in
the total amount of $315,437.62 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Minutes of December 19 and 27, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved the personal bond from John Pappas, Floy A. Gibson and M.

M. Sweeney in the amount of $5,248.00 be approved subject to this bond being signed by
sureties satisfactory to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the petition appealing the approval of the use permit granted
the Catholic Church to build a parochial school, auditorium and rectory on Alta Drive.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing be held on this appeal on January 16, 1957
at the hour of 8:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Conven-
tion Hall Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase order in the amount of $8,870.40
to Clark County for the repairing of East Charleston Boulevard, as damaged by City
contractor, Charles J. Dorfman on the outfall sewer line.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted and a purchase order in the amount
of $8,870.40 issued to Clark County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of purchase orders in the amount of $2,048.50
for the purchase of camera equipment for the Police Department to be used conjunction
with other City Departments.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and purchase orders issued for
the purchase of camera equipment by the Police Department in the amount of $2,048.50.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that there would be a meeting on January 11, 1957
at 7:30 P.M. in the Mayor's Office with members of the Legislature to discuss proposed
City legislation.

Mr. Kennedy reported that for some time the City has not charged licenses for slot
machines or games in private clubs. He explained that lately slot machine operators
have been placing machines in the Clubs and requested permission to advise these Clubs
that if this is the practice, license fees will have to be paid.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to establish three maintenance repairmen
positions in the Maintenance Department. He explained that at the present time they
are classified as skilled laborers and the City is losing employees to the Schools
and other agencies that pay more money.

Commissioner Bunker moved that three maintenance repairmen prositions be established
in the Maintenance Department in place of three skilled laborer positions, to be
classified under Schedule 21.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that bids had been received for the new pump for the
Golf Course Well and requested that City Engineer Wade report on the tabulation.

Mr. Wade advised the Commission that the lowest bid was that of S. R. McKinney in
the amount of $3,395.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid for the pump for the Golf Course Well be awarded
to S. R. McKinney in the amount of $3,395.00 subject to the posting of a performance
bond.

EL RIO CLUB
Suspension Lifted

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PAPPAS GIBSON SWEENEY
Bond

USE PERMIT U-43-56
Catholic Church
Public Hearing Set

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Liquor



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Convention Hall

CHARLESTON BLVD. REPAIR
CAMERA EQUIPMENT

LEGISLATIVE CHANGES

PRIVATE CLUB
GAMING LICENSES

MAINTENANCE REPAIRMEN
POSITIONS

GOLF COURSE PUMP
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that James Snowden be granted a package liquor license at
607 Van Buren subject to the approval of the Building, Fire and Health Departments
and the posting of the required fees; further that this license will not be transferable
to any other person.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple
passed his vote.

At this time Laura Richards presented an application for a package liquor license.
Commissioner Bunker moved this application be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple
passed his vote because of lack of determination as to whether there are any liquor
licenses available.

The City Manager requested to bring in a report at the next meeting as to the determi-
nation of the availability of package liquor licenses.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

DATE:	January 10, 1957

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A. special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 10th day
of January, 1957, at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Resolution - President's Inaugural Parade
2. Legislative Changes

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A. H.

KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON,

City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued
by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 9th and Stewart,
on the 10th day of January, 1957; at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following
matters:

1.	Resolution - President's Inaugural Parade

2.	Legislative Changes

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE	

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing
notice of special meeting.

/s/ C. D. BAKER	HOWARD W. CANNON

HARRIS P. SHARP	REED WHIPPLE

E. W. FOUNTAIN	A. H. KENNEDY	

ROBERT F. BOOS.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 10, 1957

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 10th day of January, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M.
by his Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

LIQUOR LICENSE
James Snowden

LIQUOR LICENSE
Laura Richards
City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Administrative Assistant       Robert F. Boos
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the Sheriff's Mounted Posse, a group of Clark County Nevada residents
under the command of Sheriff W. E. "Butch" Leypoldt, organized to aid and assist
said Sheriff Leypoldt upon his official bidding, and

WHEREAS, said Sheriff's Mounted Posse, having received an invitation to
represent the City of Las Vegas and State of Nevada in the Presidential Inaugural
Parade to be held January 21, 1957; and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada deems it an honor that the Sheriff's Mounted
Posse has been extended the aforesaid invitation.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada at a special meeting thereof, held bn the 10th day of January, 1957,
that the SHERIFF'S MOUNTED POSSE be, and hereby is authorized to travel to Washington,

D. C. as official representatives of the City of LAS VEGAS, NEVADA for the purpose of
participating in the Presidential Inaugural Parade.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 10th day of January, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the; following vote;

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City having adopted a resolution authorizing the Sheriff's
Mounted Posse to travel to Washington, D. C. for the President's Inaugural Parade,
as official representatives of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the City has no funds available to pay for the transportation costs
involved.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that the foregoing resolution be approved on the condition that the Sheriff's
Mounted Posse carry liability insurance to hold the City free and harmless from any
liability of injury which might be incurred by any member of the Sheriff's Mounted
Posse, or said members together with their equipment.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 10th day of January, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

City Attorney Cannon presented the proposed legislative changes to the Commission and
made the following explanation:

1.	Section 5 of Chapter 335, Statutes of Nevada, 1953 is proposed to be
amended to permit the City to buy property under contract.

2.	Section 5 of Chapter II of the Charter changes the city engineer to the
Director of Public Works and the city comptroller to the Director of Finance.

3.	Section 5½ of Chapter II of the Charter is also amended to change city
engineer to Director of Public Works and city comptroller to Director of
Finance.

4.  Section 6 of Chapter II of the Charter is changed so that a person wishing
to be a candidate for Mayor, Commissioner, City Attorney or Municipal Judge
must be a qualified voter of the City of Las Vegas instead of Clark County.

5. Section 18 of Chapter II of the Charter is changed so that the city comptroller
is the Director of Finance.

6.	Section 30 of Chapter II is changed so that the effective date of ordinances
is after the second publication. There is a second change so that when
codes are adopted by the City they do not have to be read.

7.	Section 31 of Chapter II subparagraph 82 is amended to permit the City to
purchase land under contract.

8. Section 31 of Chapter II, subparagraph 90 is changed to permit the installation
of curbs and gutters and make it lien on the property.

9. Section 42 of Chapter II of the Charter is amended so that the City comptroller
is the Director of Finance.

10.	Section 43 of Chapter II of the Charter changes the city comptroller to the
Director of Finance. There is also a change from the calendar to the fiscal
year.

11. Section 59 of Chapter II of the Charter is re-enacted which concerns assessment
districts and that the City will pay any cost over 100% of the value of the
property.

1-10-57

RESOLUTION -
Presidential Inaugural
Parade 

LEGISLATIVE CHANGES
12.	Chapter 307, Section 3 of the Statutes of Nevada 1951 concern the Water
District.

13.	Section 11 of the Charter is amended so that the members of the Commission
are not eligible to hold the office of City Manager during their term or
for one year thereafter.

14.  Section 16½ of the Charter deletes the provision that prohibits members

of the Commission from holding the position of City Manager, which provision
was added to Section 11.

15.	Section 41 of the Charter is changed deleting the provision that allows the 
city clerk to have deputies, assistants or clerks.

16.	Section 3 of Chapter II of the Charter is amended to provide for a primary
and general municipal election. Mr. Cannon presented two proposals.

Alternative No. 1 makes a change so that in 1959 all members of the Commission,
the City Attorney and Municipal Judge are up for election and thereafter
an election will be held only every four years.

Alternative No. 2 makes a change so that there is a primary and general
municipal election, but two commissioners, a city attorney and a municipal
judge will be elected in 1957; and in 1959 the other two commissioners and
the mayor will be elected.

The Commission decided upon Alternative No. 2 as the proposed change to
this section.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, the meeting adjourned.
ATTEST:	APPROVED:



1-10-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 16, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
16th day of January, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

ANNEXATION -	Mayor Baker announced that this was the time set for the public hearing on the annexation of

Public Hearing	portions of Sections 29, 30, 31 and 32 of T20S, R61E, MDB&M and requested the Planning

Director to give a report on the recommendation of the Planning Commission.



Mr. Bills explained that this proposed annexation was instituted by petitions requesting
annexation submitted by property owners. He stated that the boundaries of the area may be
generally described as that property between the East City Limits, East Charleston Boulevard,
Nellis Boulevard and Owens Avenue. He explained originally it was proposed to include property
50 feet south of the section line on East Charleston and 50 feet norths of the section line
on Owens Avenue. This was done to include the right of way for Owens Avenue and East
Charleston Boulevard so that the City could avoid having two major streets with dual
jurisdiction. However, due to a number of legal and practical problems it was decided not
to include this portion.

Mr. Bills stated that according to City Ordinance, property annexed to the City must be
annexed with the same or nearest comparable zoning classification which was designated by
the County, The majority of the property is presently zone R-E in the County and the
nearest comparable City zoning is R-A, which permits farming and live stock raising. He
explained that any uses existing in the area would be permitted to continue so long as
they ware not a public nuisance.

Planning Director Bills further stated that public safety services such as fire and police
protection could be more economically provided in this area by the City, and pointed out
that a new fire station on East Charleston was nearing completion.

Mr. Bills pointed out that the strongest argument in favor of the annexation is related to
over-all community development. It is felt that the annexation of this property will have
the effect of checking the present trend of City development to the west. He stated that
the City could not expand to the north because of North Las Vegas, nor to the South because
of the Town of Winchester, and it is more logical to annex to the east because of the
accessibility of sewage and water supply.

Mr. Bills stated that 204 property owners had been notified and only two written protests
had been filed.

1-16-57
Thereafter, the following property owners appeared in protest to the proposed annexation:

I.	J. Biggert
Ray H. Smith
Ernest Hodson

Mrs. Josephine Bates
W. Homer & Iva Bunge
Harvey Stokesberry
Victoria Von Ruden
Anthony Piccinetti
Clinton Whitaker
Clinton Chinnock
Pete Frullo

E.	F. Nelson

Mrs. Willis Mishey
Ben Kossin
C. B. Johnson
Charles E. Downs

Signed petitions of protest were received from the following:

F.	H. Forehand	3328	E.	Charleston

J.	M. Ray	3533	E.	Charleston

Leah Mecham	27 Ronald Lane

Hubert Mason	1695 Nellis

O. D. Neal	3509 E. Charleston

Lee Roy Whitney	102 Laurel Drive

Melba Jo Whitney	102 Laurel Drive

Ernest F. Hodson	3839 E. Charleston

Lawrence La Penta	3400-34l6 E. Charleston

Nellie E. Kirby	3600	E.	Charleston

Leon Kirby	3600	E.	Charleston

Douglas Johnson	3537	E.	Charleston

Gus & Minnie Jackson	3531	E.	Charleston

Mr. & Mrs. Walter Lowe	200b Marlin

Mr. & Mrs. W. A. Reynolds	3891 E. Coolege

Monique De Montigny

Royal Holmes	3700	E.	Charleston

John Greenfield

Gene O. Farrell

James & Eleanor Phillips

W. H. Carney

Thereafter Mayor Baker announced that this matter would be referred to the City Manager
and the City Attorney so that the protests can be checked, and a decision as to whether
or not this property will be annexed will be made at a later time.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the installation of a
sprinkler system at the Ball Park, Bid No. 57.02, proposals were received from the
following firms:

I	II         Alternate III	IV

AUTCMATIC IRRIGATION CO.	$17,290.95	$17,881.70	$16,909.65	$17,500.40

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION CO.	$24,311.26	$24,311.26	$24,311.26	$24,311.26

NEVADA LAWN	$19,499.64	$17,546.97	$18,175.23	$16,225.64

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director
of Public Works for analysis and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,
Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.04 for a towing contract,
bids were received from the following firms:

GENE'S AUTO BODY	$210.00	per	month

ELLINGHAM'S	275.00	per	month

Mr. Wayne Kirsh appeared before the Commission and requested that a committee be appointed
from the Board to meet with the other towing firms to see if an alternate proposal can be
worked out.

Commissioner Fountain and Whipple were appointed on this committee.

The Commission considered the matter concerning whether or not the license of Mrs. Rose
Underwood to operate a Child Nursery known as the Baby-Tel should be revoked for violations
reported by the Child Welfare Board.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that he and the Child Welfare Board had met

with Mrs.	 Underwood and that a letter has been sent indicating changes that are to be made.

He suggested that this hearing be continued until the next meeting.

Mrs. Lillian Kaercher of the Child Welfare Board was also present and advised the Commission
that it was their recommendation that this hearing be continued.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be continued until the next meeting on
February 6, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the City of Las Vegas for reclassification of
the east 140 feet of the N½ of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, from R-1 to
R-2. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this application be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Planning Commission recommendation be accepted and this appli-
cation for rezoning approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

1-16-57

BID NO. 57.02
Sprinkler System
Ball Park

BID NO. 57.04
Towing Contract

BABY-TEL NURSERY

REZONING - Z-44-56
City of Las Vegas
Consideration was given to the application of George Heyer and Robert E. Jones for re-
classification of property beginning at a point approximately 24 feet west of the inter-
section of the east line of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29, T20S, R61E, with the south
right-of-way line of Bonanza Road; thence south approximately 183 feet; thence west approxi-
mately 125 feet to the NE right-of-way line of Rancho Road; thence NW along said right-of-
way line to the intersection with curve connecting with the south right-of-way line of .
Bonanza Road to the point of beginning (SE corner of Rancho and Bonanza Roads) from R-E
to C-1.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Planning Commission recommended that
this application be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved this rezoning application be approved subject to the signing
of an agreement for the installation of off-site improvements and the posting of a bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, His Honor, and Commissioner Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade presented a request from the Elks Club for extension of time until June
1, 1957 to install sidewalks on North 5th Street in front of the Helldorado Village property,
and recommended its approval.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to purchase 1000 yards of chips from Clark County
at a cost of $2.50 per yard. Mr. Wade explained that this material will be used for street
repair and street improvement.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request to purchase 1000 yards of chips at $2.50 per yard be
granted and a purchase order be authorized in an amount not to exceed $2,500.00 be issued
to Clark County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none .

The City Engineer advised the Commission that the bid of Osbourne Electric on the Electric
Lamp Contract did not include a guaranteed price, and in computing from the list price
submitted they are 29¢ per $100 purchase cheaper than Pavell Electric. However, Pavell
Electric submitted a list price schedule and guaranteed the prices for the next year. Mr.
Wade stated that after the opening of the bids Osbourne Electric submitted a letter guaran-
teeing prices in their bid; however, the City Attorney's office has ruled this could not
be a part of the bid. Therefore, Mr. Wade recommended the bid of Pavell Electric be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.01 be awarded to Pavell Electric.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to advertise for bids for the installation of a
storm drain on Mesquite Street. He advised the Commission that this is considered essential
due to the fact that in the past storm waters have backed into the Bonanza Road Underpass.

He explained that this storm drain would not completely alleviate the situation, but will
aid to improve the drainage facilities in the immediate area.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Director of Public Works be authorized to prepare plans and
specifications for the construction of a storm drain on Mesquite Street and the City Clerk
instructed to advertise for bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer recommended the release of the retention of $420.70 on the contract with
Nevada Electric Co. for the installation of the traffic signals at 5th and Oakey.

Commissioner Fountain moved that final payment for the installation of traffic signals at
5th and Oakey be made to Nevada Electric Co. in the amount of $420.70, the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the warrant register and the Director of Finance and Treasurer authorized
to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A request from Paul Smitley, contractor for the construction of the Rehabilitation Farm for
extension of time for completion until February 1, 1957, was presented by the City Engineer.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Paul Smitley be granted an extension of time until February 1,
1957 for the completion of the Rehabilitation Farm building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unan-
imously, the deed from Eric L. and Vanilla Archie for Cunningham Drive is accepted and the
City Clerk instructed to draw the standard resolution which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of January, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5th
day of January, 1957, executed by Eric L. Archie and Vanilla Archie husband and wife, to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property des-
cribed therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set
forth; and

REZONING -Z-45-56
Heyer & Jones

ELKS CLUB -
Sidewalk Installation



PURCHASE OF CHIPS

BID NO. 57.01
Electric Lamp Contract



MESQUITE STREET
STORM DRAIN

TRAFFIC SIGNALS
5th and Oakey
Final Payment

REHABILITATION FARM
Extension of Time



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS

Cunningham Drive
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the deed from William L. and Bertha Downing for the extension of a portion of "H"
Street to the North City limits, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw the
standard resolution which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of January, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 4th
day of January, 1957, executed by William L. Downing and Bertha Downing husband and wife, to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Ray P. Davis, new owner of the Bright Spot,

301 Stewart Street for a license for three slot machines be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Milton Prell and Associates, new owners of
the Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont, for gaming license be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Cardinal and Sullivan for license for three
slot machines at the Coffee Pot, 18 Garces and five slot machines at Safeway Store, 1300
East Charleston be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Harriet Cicchetti for a restaurant beverage
license at Rocco's, 2008 East Charleston be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Cecil Lynch for a tavern liquor license at the
Golden Slot, 22 Fremont Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Ernest M. Krabbenhoft for a second hand
dealers license at Ernie's Store, 221 North 1st Street and W. H. Williams for a second hand
dealers license at the White Elephant, 4l7 North Main Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 4339 through 486l in the net amount
of $74,546.57 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 9162 through 9294 in
the total amount of $96,294. 81 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of January 2 and 10, 1957 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

The Mayor announced this was the time set for public hearing on the appeal of the granting
of the Use Permit to the Catholic Church to construct a parochial school, auditorium and
rectory on Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell Drive.

His Honor asked that those who were opposed to the granting of the use permit present their
facts first.

Mr. William Gelder appeared before the Commission on behalf of himself and other property
owners within the area, to protest this use permit. He said that these property owners had
invested large sums of money in that neighborhood relying on the fact that zoning was R-A
and R-E. He said the people did not object to the construction of a church, but that a
school and auditorium would bring an increased amount of traffic and noise.

Mr. Joseph Foley, representing the Catholic Church appeared and stated that the objectors had
offered nothing new since the other hearings on this matter and requested that this appeal
be denied.

"H" Street

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Owner

GAMING APPLICATION
Pioneer Club

Addn'l Locations

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

New Owner

SECOND HAND DEALERS

LICENSES



PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PUBLIC HEARING
Use Permit - U-43-56
Catholic Church
Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the appeal of the granting of this Use Permit to the
Catholic Church be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8:55 P. M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:10 P. M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 712 TO REGULATE AND CONTROL THE

POSTING AND MAINTAINING OF OUTSIDE ADVERTISING SIGNS OF MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS, HOTELS, AND
LIKE ESTABLISHMENTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDI-
NANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and
Sharp for recommendation.

Commissioner Fountain introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners deem it advisable to promote industrial
development within the area, and

WHEREAS, it appears that industrial development can be augmented if there is
land available.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada go on record as favoring the introduction of a Bill by Congress per-
mitting the State of Nevada to acquire certain Government Land in Eldorado Valley for the
purpose of industrial development.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that copies of this resolution be forwarded to the
Nevada Congressional delegation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, many Hungarian refugees have arrived in the United States after
their escape from Russian tyranny, and

WHEREAS, these refugees will become American citizens in due course, and

WHEREAS, Katherine and Tommy Rodnoti are the first to arrive in Southern

Nevada.



NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 16th day of January, 1957 that Katherine
and Tommy Rodnoti are welcomed to the City of Las Vegas by the Board of Commissioners and
the citizens of Las Vegas and are extended the privileges of all its citizens.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy stated that pursuant to the request of the Commission he had
conducted a survey of the liquor licenses and found that at the present time there are no
package liquor licenses available. He further reported that the City is over the quota on
tavern licenses which is the result of annexations where taverns were already in operation.

Commissioner Bunker moved this report be made a part of the minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 7, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949,

AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 728, BY PROHIBITING THE PLACING OF WRITTEN ADVERTISEMENTS
UPON STRUCTURES ON THE PUBLIC RIGHT OF WAY; PROVIDING CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS THERETO; PRO-
VIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RELATED
THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, was read by title and referred
to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission for the Fire Department to purchase additional
fire hydrants at a cost of $3,640.50.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved and a purchase order be authorized in
the amount of $3,640.50 to Mueller Co. for fire hydrants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy presented a request from Sally Mancini representing the Advertising Research
Institute that the solicitors license be reduced.

Commissioner Sharp moved that City Manager be authorized to check this request and if there
is justification to reduce the fee, the request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to purchase a fog spraying machine. He advised
the Commission that the City has two machines in operation at the present time, but that
one of these machines needs to be replaced.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved permission be granted to advertise for bids for a fog
spraying machine.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested that a resolution be adopted authorizing two signatures on
checks from the Bond Redemption fund. He advised the Commission that at the present time the

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Motel Signs

ELDORADO VALLEY
Congressional Bill

RESOLUTION
Hungarian Refugees

LIQUOR LICENSE
REPORT

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Advertising Signs

PURCHASE OF FIRE
HYDRANTS

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION

FOG SPRAYING MACHINE



BOND REDEMPTION FUND
City Treasurer's signature is the only one required, and it is proposed that both the
Treasurer and the Director of Finance be authorized to sign these checks.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLVED:	That this corporation establish in its name a Commercial account

with the Bank of Nevada, upon such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon with said
bank and that the City Treasurer and Director of Finance of this corporation be and they
are hereby authorized to establish such an account.

RESOLVED:	That Harold A. Laird, Director of Finance and/or Margaret Walker,

City Treasurer of this corporation be, and they are hereby authorized to withdraw funds of
this corporation from the said account upon checks of this corporation, signed as provided
herein with signatures duly certified to said bank by the Secretary of this corporation and
said bank is hereby authorized to honor and pay any and all checks so signed, including
those drawn to the individual order of any officer or other person authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Convention
Hall ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378, REFERRED TO
AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949 BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN
MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS
ON THE SAID MAP, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Fountain for
recommendation.

There being no further business to come before this meeting Commissioner Whipple moved
this meeting recess until January 22, 1957 at 4:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:





SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 22, 1957

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 22nd day of January, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 4:20 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

The Commission considered the proposed annexation of Sections 29,30,31 and 32 of T20S,

R62E, MDB&M.

The Mayor announced that the protests had been checked by the City Manager and Planning
Director and it was found that there were 31 protestants or 15% of the total number of
property owners who did not wish to be annexed.

Mr. John H. Barnett, property owner in this area appeared and asked questions as to whether
or not he could continue to use his property as a yard to store the equipment he uses in
the well drilling business. He also asked whether or not he would have to have a city li-
cense if this property was annexed to the City. Mr. Barnett was informed that as long as
he did not do any business in the City he would not have to have a license.

Mrs. Josephine Bates was present and requested additional time so that all the people
protesting the annexation in the area could be contacted.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Emergency Ordinance No. 730 be adopted annexing
land to the City as set forth in the resolution adopted December 19, 1956, except the
property described as parcels IV and V of said resolution.

An ordinance entitled:	AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING A PART OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE
LIMITS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND INHABITANTS TO BE ANNEXED
THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO
BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA;

AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read in full to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

1-22-57 Rec. Reg.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Convention Hall

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

ANNEXATION
City Manager Kennedy reported that a meeting had been held with the New Car Dealers
Association concerning the method of reporting their sales in order to determine the
license fees. Mr. Kennedy requested that the Commission adopt a resolution setting out
that these Dealers pay on the total sales of new cars and retail parts.

The Commission requested that this resolution be prepared and presented at the next regular
meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of William H. Covey for a Restaurant Beverage li-
cense at the Coffee Pot, 18 Garces be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Marriage Counselor Service of Clark County
for a Solicitation Permit, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy stated that the Clark County Humane Society had agreed to sign over
their property to the City. Mr. Kennedy requested that authorization be granted to issue
a check in the amount of $1,540.13 to the Internal Revenue for withholding taxes.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and a warrant in the amount of $1,540.13
to the Internal Revenue Department authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote.

The Commission considered the application of John Funk for the Tavern Liquor license for
Duffy's Tavern, 1815 South 5th Street, formerly issued to Joe Schram, C. G. Hoover and
Frank Costanzo.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of John Funk for the Tavern Liquor license for
Duffy's Tavern be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Bunker moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:





SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

l-22-57 Rec. Reg.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Date: January 22, 1957

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is here-
by called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 22nd day of January,
1957; at the hour of 4:00 P. M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Motel Sign Ordinance.

2.	Sign Posting Ordinance Amendment

3.	Liquor Ordinance Amendment

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C. D.. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A. H.

KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the
22nd day of January, 1957, at the hour of 4:00 P. M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Motel Sign Ordinance

2.	Sign Posting Ordinance Amendment

3.	Liquor Ordinance Amendment

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of
special meeting.

/s/ C. D. BAKER	WENDELL BUNKER

HARRIS P. SHARP	HOWARD W. CANNON

HEED WHIPPLE	A. H. KENNEDY

E. W. FOUNTAIN	1-22-57

NEW CAR DEALERS
LICENSES

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Coffee Pot

SOLICITATION PERMIT

CLARK COUNTY HUMANE
SOCIETY

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Transfer
Duffy's Tavern
Las Vegas, Nevada
January 22, 1957

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
22nd day of January, 1937 was called to order at the hour of 3:00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 568 AND 712; TO REGULATE AND

CONTROL THE POSTING OF RATES OF HOTELS, INNS, MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS AND BOARD AND LODGING-
HOUSES WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; TO REGULATE AND CONTROL THE POSTING AND MAINTAINING OF
OUTSIDE ADVERTISING SIGNS OF MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS, HOTELS AND LIKE ESTABLISHMENTS; PROVID-
ING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO, was reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp. Commissioner Sharp
stated that he would like the record to show that 91% of the motel operators are in favor
of this ordinance.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this ordinance. None were voiced.

Thereafter the ordinance was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 731 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 7, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949,

AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 728, BY PROHIBITING THE PLACING OF WRITTEN ADVERTISEMENTS UPON
STRUCTURES ON THE PUBLIC RIGHT OF WAY; PROVIDING CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS THERETO; PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RELATED THERETO; AND
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commi-
ssioners Fountain and Whipple, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 732 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING SECTION V OF ORDINANCE 688, DEALING WITH THE

SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS BY PROVIDING THE LOCATION WHERE TAVERNS MAY BE MAINTAINED;
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, was read
in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 733 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Sharp
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

DATE: FEBRUARY 1, 1957

TOr SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk
Las Vegas , Nevada

A. special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby
called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 1st day of February, 1957;
at the hour of 3:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Convention Hall Ordinance

2.	Legislative Changes

3.	Bench Contract

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A. H.

KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

2-1-57

ORDINANCE NO. 731
Motel Signs



ORDINANCE NO. 732
Sign Posting
Amendment

ORDINANCE NO. 733
Liquor Amendment
You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor
Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 1st day of
February, 1957, at the hour of 3:00 P. M. to consider the following matters:

1. Convention Hall Ordinance

2.	Legislative Changes

3.	Bench Contract

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of
special meeting.

/s/ C. D. BAKER	HARRIS P. SHARP

REED	 WHIPPLE	HOWARD W. CANNON

WENDELL BUNKER	A.	H.	KENNEDY

E. W. 	FOUNTAIN	R.	F.	BOOS

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 1, 1957

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
1st day of February, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 3:15 P. M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.	D.	Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.	W.	Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Director of Finance	Harold W. Laird

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE FIXING AND IMPOSING LICENSE TAXES FOR REVENUE UPON

HOTELS AND MOTELS AND UPON GAMING; AUTHORIZING THE COLLECTION OF SUCH LICENSE TAXES:

PRESCRIBING OTHER DETAILS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIO-
LATION HEREOF, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Sharp,
was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 734 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the proposed contract with the Hoyt Bench Advertising Co. for
permission to place advertising on bus stop benches be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Legislative Delegation be requested to change the limitation
on the tax rate for the City of Las Vegas from one and one-half (1%) percent to one and three-
quarters (1 3/4) percent.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

2-1-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 6, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 6th day of February, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner.	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

2-6-57

ORDINANCE NO. 734
Convention Hall

BENCH ADVERTISING
CONTRACT

CHARTER CHANGE
Tax Limitation
City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

At this time the Commission considered the child care license of the Baby-Tel Nursery.

Mayor Baker stated that a letter had been received from the Child Welfare Board indicating
that Mrs. Underwood has agreed to operate as a day care nursery, and withdrawing their
request that Mrs. Underwood show cause why her license should not be revoked.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that at the request of the Child Welfare Board
that the order requiring the Baby-Tel Nursery to appear and show cause whey their license
should not be revoked be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote.

City Engineer Wade presented the request of Charles J. Dorfman contractor for the con-
struction of the Outfall Sewer, asking for extension of time for the completion of the
project from January 21, 1957 to February 18, 1957. Mr. Wade stated that the additional
time was required due to the delay in pipe delivery at the beginning of the project, and
recommended approval of this request.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Charles J. Dorfman be granted an extension of time for the
completion of the Outfall Sewer from January 21, 1957 to February 18, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested that permission be granted to rent equipment to rough grade
Owens Avenue east to Nellis Boulevard and other related grading for a period of four
additional weeks.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request be granted and a purchase order authorized in
the approximate amount of $1,000.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Engineer Wade presented the request of George E. Miller, Contractor
for the installation of the water line on Hinson Street for extension of time for the
completion of this project from January 20, 1957 to February 8, 1957. Mr. Wade ex-
plained that the additional time was required due to delay in obtaining tapping machines
necessary to commence the work.

Commissioner Sharp moved that George E. Miller be granted an extension of time from
January 20, 1957 to February 8, 1957 to complete the installation of the water line
on Hinson Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer advised the Commission that the paving of Decatur Boulevard from Vegas
Drive to Hyde Park has been completed, and recommended that the work be accepted and the
bond released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the paving of Decatur Boulevard from Vegas Drive to
Hyde Park be accepted and the bond of Wells Stewart released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade reported that the paving of West Charleston from Campbell Drive to
Rancho Road has been completed, and recommended that the work be accepted and the bond
released.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the paving of West Charleston from Campbell Drive to
Rancho Road be accepted subject to the condition that Wells-Stewart be required to correct
deficiencies as stated in their letter of January 23, 1957, as soon as weather permits,
at the discretion of the Director of Public Works, and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade presented a request for payment of the final estimate and release
of the retention to Allen & Failing in the amount of $2,160.25 for the installation of
the Sewage Treatment Plant Well. The Commission was advised that the notice of comple-
tion had been filed on January 23, 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved payment of $2,160.25 be made to Allen & Failing for the installation
of the Sewage Treatment Plant Well subject to this contractor filing lien waiver with the
City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade presented a letter from the Department of Interior, Fish and Wildlife
Service granting temporary easement for Vegas Drive.

Commissioner Bunker moved this temporary easement be accepted and the Mayor authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BABY-TEL NURSERY

OUTFALL SEWER
Extension of Time

EQUIPMENT RENTAL

HINSON STREET WATER
LINE

DECATUR BLVD. PAVING
Release of Bond

WEST CHARLESTON
PAVING

Release of Bond

SEWAGE TREATMENT 
PLANT WELL
Final Payment

DECATUR BOULEVARD &
VEGAS DRIVE IMPROVE-
MENTS 
At this time City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that the bids received for the
installation of the sprinkler system at the Baseball Field were almost double the ori-
ginal estimate, and recommended that these bids be rejected.

Commissioner Bunker moved that all bids received on Bid No. 37.2, Sprinkler System for
the Baseball Field, be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the deed from Ed Strong, Beatrice Fredi and Caroline Betts for "J" Street
is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting
the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
18th day of January, 1957, executed by Ed Strong, Beatrice Fredi who acquired title as
Beatrice Strong and Caroline Betts, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On Motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the deed from Western Heating & Ventilating for a portion of the intersection
of South "A" Street leading into South Main is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to
draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City
Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 10th
day of January, 1957, executed by Western Heating and Ventilating, Incorporated, to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the deed from V. D. and Ann Eachus and E. L. & Thelma Josephson for "H" Street
northerly from Owens Avenue to the north line of Berkley Square; "J" Street northerly
from Owens Avenue to the 1/16 corner north of Highland Square; and an unnamed street
westerly from the northwest corner of Berkley Square to the intersection of "J" Street,
is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting
the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 17th
day of November, 1956, executed by V. D. Eachus and Ann Eachus, husband and wife; E. L.
Josephson and Thelma M. Josephson to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried unani-
mously, the deed from Standard Wholesale Supply Co. for 10 feet widening on the south
right-of-way of Bonanza Road, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the
standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk
authorized to have the deed recorded:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 31st
day of January, 1957, executed by Standard Wholesale Supply Company, a Nevada Corporation,
Recorded as Doc. No. 98508 in Book 119 of Official Records in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The quitclaim deed from Werner J. & Berteen Wyler for a portion of Hinkle Drive into
North 25th Street and the quitclaim deed from the City to Werner J. Wyler for the south
2 feet of the east 237.5 feet of Hinkle Drive, were deferred until the next regular
meeting of the Commission.

The Commission considered the petition of Jerome D. Mack, Philip H. Empey and C. A.

Huffey requesting that the City acquire the right-of-way for Bracken Avenue between 6th
and 7th Streets.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Attorney for investigation
and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 57.2
Sprinkler System for
Baseball Field

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS
J Street

A Street

"H"' and "J"

Streets

West Bonanza Road

ACQUISITION OF
BRACKEN AVENUE
From 6th to 7th
This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 57.5 for a Deep Well Turbine Pump for
the Police Rehabilitation Farm, bids were received from the following firms:

EFFINGER BROTHERS	$2,987.03

S.	R.. MCKINNEY	2,156.25

PHELPS PUMP & EQUIPMENT	2,182.51

ALLEN & FAILING	2,341.37

WHITEY'S PLUMBING	2,267.53

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public Works
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Standard Wholesale to assign the responsibility
of the off-site improvements to Union Oil in connection with the use permit granted to
construct a service station on the south side of Bonanza Road east of the Standard Whole-
sale Supply at 855 West Bonanza Road.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be deferred until next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Walter Doing for license for 3 slot machines
at the Chili Hut, 1608 Fremont Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue a license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of John Randrup and Lloyd Thornton for a license
for 7 slot machines at the El Rio Club, H & Revere, be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue a license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and Carried by the following voter Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Clayton Mar, Frank Kee & George Song
for license for 2 "21" games and 1 Race Horse Keno at the El Rio Club, H & Revere be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue a license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bunker and Sharp.

Commissioner Sharp moved the addition of Morris J. Ring who has 1% interest in the
Fremont Hotel, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the addition of the following new interest holders in the New
Boulder Club gaming license be approved:

Louis Hinman	Bert H. Cotton

Joseph Tortomas	Harry Brown

Tory Gampagna	Ed Sylvis

Grant Price	Paul Walker

A. J. Mendenhall	Leo Moriarty

Marit Mendenhall

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of John Funk and Albert Doering for license for
3 slot machines at Duffy's Tavern, 1815 South 5th Street be approved, and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of John Randrup for a tavern liquor license
at the El Rio Club, H & Revere Streets be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Don Filipo for a restaurant beverage license
at the Monte Carlo Coffee Shop, 1600 South Main Street be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Ronald Marks for a second hand dealers
license at the Provident Diamond Co., 407 Fremont Street be approved, and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID NO. 57.5
Deep Well Turbine
Pump

Rehabilitation Farm

OFF-SITE AGREEMENT
Standard Wholesale

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Chili Hut

El Rio Club

El Rio Club

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Fremont Hotel

New Boulder Club
Duffy's Tavern



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
El Rio Club

Monte Carlo Coffee
Shop

SECONDHAND DEALERS
LICENSE
Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for charitable solicitation permits,
as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved:

L. V. Breakfaster Lions Club
F. O. Y. (Friends of Youth)

L. V. Legal Secretaries
L. V. 20-30- Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 4862 through 5385 in the net amount
of $74,275.13 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 9296 through 9525 in
the total amount of $367,414.60 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of January 16, January 22 Recessed Regular Meeting,
January 22, Special Meeting and February 1, 1957 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk author-
ized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Esquire Cleaners and other tenants in the Leavitt
Building at l504 South 5th Street for the vacation of the triangular plot in front of
this building. This same consideration had been requested by Vaughn and Gerald Leavitt
at the Commission meeting of December 5, 1956.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp were appointed as a committee to meet with those peti-
tioning for this vacation and the City Attorney and Director of Public Works.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378, REFERRED

TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949 BY AMENDING THE LAND USE
PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN
AREAS ON SAID MAP, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Bunker and Fountain,
was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 735 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 521, DEALING WITH THE ESTABLISH-

MENT OF A PUBLIC POUND IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, BY RETURNING THE OPERATION OF THE PUBLIC
POUND TO THE CITY GOVERNMENT; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO AND REPEAL-
ING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title and
referred to Commissioners Fountain and Sharp for recommendation.

Commissioner Whipple moved the proposal of Gene's Autobody Service, Ellingham's Body
and Fender Shop, Bandle's Auto Body Shop and Wayne's Auto Body Shop to perform towing
service for the City from February 1, 1957 through January 31, 1958 in the amount of
$40.00 be accepted, and the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that all bids received on Bid No. 57.04, Towing Contract, be
rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Administrative Assistant Robert Boos presented a resolution concerning the
licensing of new car dealers. Mr. Boos explained if this resolution is adopted the
Dealers will pay license fees based on the total retail sales of vehicles and parts.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners on August 1954, adopted a Resolution deter-
mining the proper method of reporting gross sales by new car dealers who may also be en-
gaged in used car business; and

WHEREAS, it appears that the said Resolution was not followed for reporting
purposes by reason of misunderstanding with said dealers and the then City Manager; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners desire to rescind the aforesaid Resolution
and establish herewith a method and basis of reporting so that no further reporting
discrepancies will exist.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that the aforementioned Resolution adopted August 4, 1954 be and the same is here-
by rescinded effective this date.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board hereby determines that the proper method
of reporting sales by new car dealers whether or not engaged in the used car business,
shall be as follows:

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

VACATION OF PROPERTY
3rd & Utah

ORDINANCE NO. 735
Rezoning

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Animals

TOWING CONTRACT

BID NO. 57.O4
Towing Contract
Bids Rejected

RESOLUTION -New Car
Dealers
(a) Total gross motor vehicle sales shall be reported whether or not a trade-

in allowance is made. Such sale shall include the charge for freight and handling passed
on to the customers and shall represent the total invoice price paid or to be paid by
the customer.

(b)	Total gross retail sales of parts and accessories including materials such
as gas, oil, grease, etc.

(c)	The total sums of (a) and (b) above shall constitute the complete total for
reporting properly the amount of sales to determine the license fee due the City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Supervisor of License and Revenue be instructed
and authorized to collect the correct amount of license fee determined by the foregoing
formula and that a copy of this Resolution be forwarded to each licensed new car dealer
within the City.

APPROVED and ADOPTED this 6th day of February; 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos presented the request of the Superintendent of Parks to install rough plumbing
in the Lions Club Park and the proposal of Southern Nevada Plumbing Company in the total
amount of $612.14.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved and a purchase order issued to Southern
Nevada Plumbing Company in the total amount of $612.14 for the installation of rough
plumbing at Lions Club Park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Administrative Assistant Boos presented the request of the City Attorney for salary in-
crease of Assistant City Attorney Ralston O. Hawkins. Mr. Boos stated that Mr. Hawkins
was presently on Step 5 of Schedule 31 and it was requested that he be advanced to Step
4 of Schedule 33 which would be an increase from $665.00 to $703.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved and Assistant City Attorney Ralston
Hawkins be advanced from Schedule 31, Step 5 to Schedule 33, Step 4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Administrative Assistant Robert Boos advised the Commission that Fred Callihan of Public
Works Department was ill and had used his allotted sick leave. He recommended, however,
that Mr. Callihan be granted an additional thirty days of sick leave.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and Fred Callihan granted thirty days
additional sick leave.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted and a copy sent to Nevada
Outdoor Advertising Company:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the prevention of traffic accidents is one of the greatest challenges
facing the American people today; and

WHEREAS, the law enforcement agencies are continually bringing to the attention
of drivers and pedestrians the necessity of being ever alert to prevent accidents; and

WHEREAS, Mr. Dick Elkins of the Nevada Outdoor Advertising Co., Inc. of 1217
South "A" Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, has installed as a public service, a large sign at
the Southeast Corner of Fifth and Charleston in the interest of public safety, which
sign reads "BACK THE ATTACH ON TRAFFIC ACCIDENTS - WALK CAREFULLY - DRIVE SAFELY" and
contains the signatures of the Chief of Police and the Sheriff of Clark County; and

WHEREAS, it is felt because of its prominence and location on heavily traveled
thoroughfares, the sign contributes much to public awareness of the accident problem;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day of February, 1957; that said City,
by this Resolution, expresses its gratitude and appreciation to Dick Elkins and the
Nevada Outdoor Advertising Co., Inc. for their interest and participation in helping
prevent traffic accidents and thereby helping to insure to the citizens of Las Vegas a
safer community in which to live.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed to
spread a copy of this Resolution on the Minutes of the Books of said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
send a copy of this Resolution to Mr. Dick Elkins and the Nevada Outdoor Advertising
Co., Inc.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos advised the Commission that he had received a memorandum from Chief Ray Sheffer
commending Officer Romar Scott for his act of valor in stopping a. run away car on January

24, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved an appropriate resolution be prepared and this resolution made
a part of Officer Scott's Personnel file.

LIONS CLUB PARK
Parking

SALARY INCREASE
Asst. City Attorney

SICK LEAVE EXTENSION
Fred Callihan

RESOLUTION



RESOLUTION -
Officer Scott
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the claim of Dolly Coswer filed by her father John Cowser
for injuries received at the Central Swimming Pool on July 19, 1956 in the amount of
$10,000.

Commissioner Bunker moved this claim for damages be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos presented the request of the American Legion to lease property from the City
on North 2nd Street adjacent to their building to be used for parking purposes. Action
on this request was deferred for further investigation.

Mr. Boos advised the Commission that he had three requests for reduction of the solici-
tors license fee; one from Kenneth L. Stebbins, photographer, another from Frank Valeri,
photographer and the third from Donald N. Goodwin to sell a product called "Table Trainer".
Mr. Boos reported that the City Attorney had advised him that these requests were not in
proper form as required by the ordinance.

Commissioner Fountain moved these requests for reduction of the solicitors license fee
be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos advised the Commission that a request had been received from the Canadian Legion
Post for the donation of two graves. This request was denied inasmuch as the City does
not have the authority to give away City property.

City Engineer Wade reported that the bids for the Deep Well Turbine Pump for the Police
Rehabilitation Farm had been tabulated and the lowest bid was that of S. R. McKinney &

Sons. Mr. Wade recommended that this bid be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 57.5 for a Deep Well Turbine Pump for the
Police Rehabilitation Farm be awarded to S. R. McKinney & Sons in the total amount of
$2,156.25.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos presented the request of H. B. Trent, Superintendent of Recreation to purchase
paint for the swimming pool from the Specialty Sales Company in Salt Lake City, Utah.

The estimated cost of this paint is $938.75.

The Commission was advised that the request had been checked by the Public Works Depart-
ment and there are no local vandors who carry this paint instock. It was suggested that
local vendors be checked to determine if the paint could be purchased through them.

Mr. Boos advised the Commission that no reply had yet been received from Mr. Kennedy's
letter to the Clark County Humane Society offering payment by the City of the withholding
tax to the United States Government and transfer of the moveable property belonging to
the Humane Society at the Animal Shelter to the City. It was suggested that an inventory
be taken and the City Attorney write a letter to the Clark County Humane Society advising
them to pick up their property.

After considerable discussion it was unanimously agreed that the Mayor be authorized to
appoint Fire Chief Elmer Gates as Acting City Manager during the illness of City Manager
A. H. Kennedy.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk 	Mayor

	2-6-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 20, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 20th day of February, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Acting City Manager	Elmer C. Gates

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
John Cowser

PARKING LOT



SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION

CEMETERY LOTS

BID NO. 57.5
Deep Well Turbine
Pump

SWIMMING POOL PAINT

CLARK COUNTY HUMANE
SOCIETY

ACTING CITY MANAGER
Mayor Baker requested that Commissioner Sharp show the proposed plans for the improve-
ment of the circle in Hyde Park to the property owners that are present who have
petitioned the City for the beautification of this property. Mayor Baker explained
that provision had been made in the new Budget for this improvement but that the
City would not know whether the work could be accomplished until the Budget is approved
in April.

Mrs. Dave Brown, spokesman for the group was asked to appoint a committee to work with
the City on this project.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Director of Public Works be instructed to proceed to
prepare plans and specifications and advertise for bids to be opened March 6, 1957 for
the installation of a sprinkling system in the circle in Hyde Park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the recommendation of the Traffic & Parking
Commission that one-hour parking requirements be placed on the north side of Ogden
between 7th and 8th Streets.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be held in abeyance until the City obtains
written indication from the property owners as to whether they are in favor of this change.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission
that the Chief of Police be delegated authority to install two-hour parking limits on
both sides of South Main Street from Bridger to South 5th Street.

This recommendation was held in abeyance until property owners and tenants in the area
can be contacted and indicate in writing whether they are in favor of a two-hour park-
ing limit.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that Twin Lakes Unit has been completed,
checked through the City Departments and recommended that this Subdivision be accepted
and the bond released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Twin Lakes Unit be accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that Highland Square has been completed,
checked through and the City Departments and recommended that this subdivision be accepted
and the bond released.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Highland Square be accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer advised the Commission that McNeil Tract #3 has been completed, checked
through the City Departments and recommended that this subdivision be accepted and the
bond released.

Commissioner Fountain moved that McNeil Tract #3 be accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that Rancho Park has been completed, checked
through the City Departments and recommended its acceptance and release of bond.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Rancho Park be accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Engineer Advised the Commission that Glen Heather #1 has been completed, checked
through the City Departments and recommended the acceptance of this subdivision and the
release of the bond.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Glen Heather be accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that the off-site improvements in connection
with the use permit granted Theresa Cardinal to construct a mortuary on Foremaster Lane
between 3th and Main Streets have been inspected and accepted by his Department. Mr.

Wade recommended that the bond be released.

Commissioner Sharp moved the bond of Theresa Cardinal be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Engineer presented the request of Standard Wholesale Supply Company
that the agreement for the installation of off-site improvements in connection with the
use permit granted them to install a bulk plant and service station east of their property
at 855 West Bonanza be assigned to Union Oil Company. Mr. Wade explained that this
property had been sold to Union Oil Company, and there was no agreement required for the
installation of off-site improvements of Standard Wholesale since their building was
developed under conforming use.

HYDE PARK CIRCLE
Petition for
Improvement

ONE-HOUR PARKING
Ogden Street

TWO-HOUR PARKING
South Main Street

TWIN LAKES UNIT
Acceptance & Release
of Bond

HIGHLAND SQUARE
Acceptance & Release
of Bond

MCNEIL TRACT #3
Acceptance & Release
of Bond

RANCHO PARK
Acceptance & Release
of Bond

GLEN HEATHER #1
Acceptance & Release
of Bond

USE PERMIT -U-32-56
Theresa Cardinal
Bond Released

USE PERMIT -U-45-56
Off-Site Improvement
Agreement Assigned
Commissioner Bunker moved the assignment of the agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements in connection with Use Permi #U-45-56 from Standard Wholesale Supply
Co. to Union Oil Compary be approved, subject to Union Oil Company posting the required
performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the easement from Valley Properties Ltd. for to feet in width for Owens
Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution
accepting the easement which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have
the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of February, 1997 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated
the 6th day of February, 1957, executed by Valley Properties; Limited to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described there-
in be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the easement from Homer P. Carey et ux and Harley King et ux for a portion
of the south one-half of Owens Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw
up the standard resolution accepting the easement which is hereby adopted, and the
City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated
the 18th day of February, 1957, executed by Homer P. Carey & Irene E. Carey; Harley A.

King, Evelyn L. King and Carol L. King to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the deed from Bernard and Eva Hughes for 40 feet for Tobin Avenue, 60 feet
for Lexington Street and 30 feet for J Street is accepted and the City Clerk instructed
to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and
the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED,	this 20th	day of	February, 1957, by the Board of	Commissioners

of	the	City of Las Vegas,	County of	Clark,	State of Nevada, that the deed,	dated the

11th day of February, 1957 executed by Bernard Hughes and Veva Hughes to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described there-
in be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and	that the	same be	recorded	in the office	of the County Recorder of the County

of Clark,	State of	Nevada,	and this	resolution be	filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried
unanimously, the deed from Ada Weber for the south one-half of Bracken Avenue from 6th
Street to 7th Street is accepted and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED,	this 20th	day of	February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners

of	the	City of Las Vegas,	County of	Clark,	State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the

18th day of February, 1957, executed by Ada Weber to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is here-
by accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County

of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the deed from Donald Ream for the north one-half of Bracken Avenue from
6th Street to 7th Street and 6th and 7th Streets from the south line of Desert Park
to the intersection of Bracken Avenue, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to
draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the
City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of February, 1957 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
28th day of June, 1956, executed by Donald L. Ream and Orpha Ream to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the deed from George and Kathleen Cobb for additional widening of Hinkle
Drive, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution
accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the
deed recorded.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Easement-Owens Avenue
Easement-Owens Avenue

Tobin, Lexington &

J Streets

Bracken Avenue

Bracken Avenue,

6th & 7th Streets

Hinkle Drive
BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
18th day of February, 1957 executed by George H. Cobb and Kathleen M. Cobb to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer be instructed to proceed as soon as possible
to open, grade and gravel 6th, 7th and Bracken Avenue between 6th & 7th Streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Graydon Stark and Keith Johnson to transfer
their tavern liquor license for the Bank Club from 2300 East Charleston to 2400 East
Charleston be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Thelma H. Pike for a Retail Liquor and
Beer Bar license for the Sundown Liquor Store, 124½ North Main Street, formerly issued to
Cecil Murray, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue instructed to issue
the new license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following new applications for gaming licenses be approved:

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	24 Fremont	George Burns	1 slot

JIMMIE'S LIQUOR STORE	607 Van Buren	Theodore Couch	2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Graydon Stark and Keith Johnson to transfer their
license for 4 slot machines for the Bank Club from 2300 E. Charleston to 2400 E. Charles-
ton be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Alfred Durante for license for one additional
"21" game at the Golden Gate, 1 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 5389 through 5925 in the net amount
of $74,334.11 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 9526 through 9680 in
the total amount of $103,191.04 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of February 6, 1957 be corrected to show that
Commissioners Fountain and Sharp were the committee on the Animal Ordinance instead of
Commissioner Bunker and Sharp, and approved by reference as corrected, and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation Permits,
as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved:

VFW #1753 LADIES AUXILIARY
CAMP FIRE GIRLS
BOY SCOUTS

LAS VEGAS CHARITIES, INC.

LAS VEGAS LEGAL SECRETARIES

WOMAN'S SOCIETY FOR CHRISTIAN SERVICE, FIRST METHODIST CHURCH
AMERICAN RED CROSS

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the Animal Ordinance
requested additional time before reporting.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 57.6 for the furnishing of an Insecticide
Fogging Machine, a bid was received from the following firm:

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	$1295.00

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bid be referred to the Director of Public Works
for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREET IMPROVEMENT
Bracken Avenue, 6th
& 7th Streets

LIQUOR LICENSE
Transfer
Bank Club

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner
Sundown Liquors



GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

Transfer

Additional

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Animal

BID NO. 57.6
Insecticide Fogging
Machine
The Director of Public Works recommended that the bid of Clark County Wholesale be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.6 for an Insecticide Fogging Machine be awarded
to Clark County Wholesale in the total amount of $1295.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Elmer Gates presented a letter from the Clark County School District
requesting a letter from the City granting permission to North Las Vegas to allow the School
District to hook an elementary school to the North Las Vegas Sewer System.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City Attorney be authorized to write a letter to the
Clark County School District advising them that according to the contract between the City
of Las Vegas and the City of North Las Vegas regarding the sewer system, it is not necessary
for North Las Vegas to obtain permission from the City of Las Vegas insofar as additional
service in North Las Vegas is concerned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented a letter from the Southern Nevada Industrial Founda-
tion regarding office space and secretarial assistance to be provided by the City.
Commissioners Bunker and Sharp were appointed to meet with this organization.

Acting City Manager Gates presented the request of the Director of Public Works that
authorization be granted to take positive action against Tony Toleno, builder of Paradise
Plaza, for non-performance of corrections of off-site improvements that has been requested
repeatedly.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a stop order be issued effective February 21, 1957 and the
City Clerk instructed to prepare an order to Tony Toleno to appear before the Commission
on March 6, 1957 to show cause why his Contractors license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented an agreement with the Las Vegas Valley Water District
covering the extension of the water mains to serve the fire station at 28th and Charleston,
and a bill of sale conveying title to the water mains to the District.

Commissioner Bunker moved this agreement be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented the purchase requisition of the Recreation Department
for swimming pool paint to the Specialty Sales Company of Salt Lake City in the amount
of $938.75. Mr. Gates advised the Commission that no local vendors can supply this item.

Commissioner Fountain moved the purchase requisition to the Specialty Sales Company for
 swimming pool paint in the amount of $938.75 be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp.

Acting City Manager Gates presented Purchase Requisition No. 7222 to Whiting Brothers for
the paving of "A" Street from Charleston Boulevard to Main Street where Western Heating
& Ventilating Co. is located. He advised the Commission this is a cash assessment district
and the money has been received.

Commissioner Whipple moved this requisition to Whiting Brothers in the total amount of
$3,382.46 for the paving of "A" Street be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented Purchase Requisition No. 7223 to Stocks Mill & Supply
for the installation of curbs and gutters on "A" Street. He advised the Commission this
is a cash assessment district and the money has been received.

Commissioner Sharp moved this requisition to Stocks Mill & Supply in the total amount of
$4,713.00 for curbs and gutters on "A" Street be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Acting City Manager Gates presented Purchase Requisition No. 5714 to Standard Wholesale
Supply for supplies for the fire alarm system.

Commissioner Bunker moved this requisition to Standard Wholesale Supply Company in the
total amount of $1130.00 be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. Gates presented a letter from the General Services Administration advising
that the application of the City for property for recreational purposes at 13th and Bridger
had been approved, subject to payment of $1,026.30 and compliance with the provisions of
paragraph 2 of the application.

Commissioner Sharp moved the purchase of this property be approved and a warrant in the
amount of $1,026.30 authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLARK COUNTY SCHOOL
DISTRICT
Sewer Connection

SOUTHERN NEVADA
INDUSTRIAL FOUNDATION

PARADISE PLAZA -
Stop Order

FIRE STATION WATER
LINES

Agreement with Water
District

SWIMMING POOL PAINT

"A" STREET IMPROVE-
MENT 

FIRE ALARM SYSTEM
Acting City Manager Gates presented the resolution of commendation of Officer R. R. Scott
requested to be prepared at the February 6, 1957 meeting of the Commission.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has a Police Department of which all citizens
of the City can well be proud; and

WHEREAS, policemen are not only charged with the responsibility of preserving
law and order, but also with the responsibility of protecting life and property; and

WHEREAS, many times outstanding accomplishments are made by police officers
in saving lives and property without regard to the policeman's own safety; and

WHEREAS, Police Officer R. R. SCOTT of the Las Vegas Police Department on January
24th, 1957 prevented a possible loss of life or injury to property by stopping a runaway
driverless vehicle on East Bonanza Road in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the act of Patrolman R. R. SCOTT is one which is worthy of public
commendation;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th day of February, 1957; that said
Board of Commissioners, by this Resolution, publicly commend Patrolman R. R. SCOTT of
the Las Vegas Police Department for his devotion to duty and disregard of the consequences
to his own safety in stopping a runaway driverless vehicle before said vehicle could in-
flict damage to the person or property of others.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
spread a copy of this Resolution on the Minutes of the Books of said City and made a
part of his personnel record; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
send a copy of this Resolution of commendation to PATROLMAN R. R. SCOTT of the Las Vegas,
Nevada, Police Department.

DATED this 20th day of February, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Whipple moved
this meeting recess until 8:00 P.M. February 28, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

2-20-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 28, 1957

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 28th day of February, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 8:00 P. M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney Howard Cannon advised the Commission that he had met with C. Norman Cornwall,
member of the Board of Directors of the Las Vegas Valley Water District concerning the
proposed legislative change to the Water District Act.

Mr. Cannon stated that the Water District would go along with the proposed change if certain
amendments were made. He said the change were as follows:

1. In the portion of the act that relates to the District complying with all laws
and ordinances of incorporated cities or towns, that the following be added:

Covering Fire Codes, Electrical Codes, Building Codes, Plumbing Codes,
provided however, the said District shall have the right to make its own
installations, and shall comply with Planning and Zoning ordinances except
as to the construction of wells, reservoirs, pump stations, substations and
other facilities used for the production, storage and distributions of water
in the area, embraced within the now existing well field in the following
described parcel of land (description to be inserted); provided further that
the said district shall have the right to enlarge, maintain, repair and re-
construct present existing facilities now located on properties now owned by
said District.

2-28-57

RESOLUTION -
Commendation
Officer Scott

LEGISLATIVE CHANGE
Water District Act
2. In the portion concerning the installation of water mains in the public
streets and alleys, the following is to be added:

The District shall notify said municipality prior to the opening and
restoring of the original condition of any public street or alley in such
municipal corporation.

Mr. C. Norman Cornwall was present and stated that the first amendment concerning
the Planning and Zoning ordinance was requested because the well field is located
in an R-1 zone and when new wells are needed the District would have to apply
for a variance. Also in the event the existing facilities needed repair or
replacement, it would not be permitted under the existing law since they are non-
conforming uses.

The Commission discussed this matter and determined that in the provision for the restoration
of the surface of streets and alleys there should be inserted the words "within a reasonable
length of time".

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the changes to the Water District Act as recommended
by the City Attorney and Mr. C. Norman Cornwall, member of the Board of Directors of the
Las Vegas Valley Water District, be approved and the Legislature requested to pass Assembly
Bill No. 226 as amended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any protestants to or questions on the Budget of the City
of Las Vegas for 1957-1958. No protestants appeared.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Budget of the City of Las Vegas for the period of July 1,

1957 through June 30, 1958 be approved.

1957-58 BUDGET
SCHEDULE B

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
BUDGET FORMULA AND PUBLICATION FORM

A.  Estimated Expenditures	Operating Expenses	Capital Outlay	Total Expenditures

General Fund:

General Administration	$ 593,804.00	$	37,925.00	$ 631,729.00

Public Safety	1,637,192.00	206,548.00	l,843.740.00

Health and Sanitation	225,836.00	155,418.00	38l,254.00

Streets and Public Works	683,484.00	235,794.68	919,278.68

Parks and Recreation	329,358.00	424,128.50	753,486.50

Other Operating Expenses	8,602.17	37,933.00	46,535.17

Total General Fund	$3,478,276.17	$l,097,747.l8	$4,576,023.35

Other Funds	$	-0-	$	-0-	$	-0-

B.  Total Operating Funds	$3,478,276.17	$l,097,747.l8	$4,576,023.35

C.	Capital Outlay From Bond Funds

General Fund (Does not Apply)	$	-0-

Bond Funds	$	-0-	$	-0-

Total	$4,576,023.35

D.	Debt Service	$ 456,935.50

E.	Reserve for Debt Service	$ 290,945.47

F.	Total Estimated Expenditures	$5,323,904.32

G.	Non-Property Tax Receipts	$2,980,678.15

H.	ADD:	Estimated Opening Cash

Balance as of July 1, 1957	$ 620,803.34

TOTAL	$3,601,48l.49

I.	Balance Required From Property Tax

Reserve for Delinquent Taxes	$1,726,092.11

(3,669.28)

TOTAL (Must equal expenditure total)	$5,323,904.32

J.	Tax rate necessary to raise "balance required."

(Item H divided by assessed valuation of

$118,225,487.00).	$	l.46

We hereby approve the above budget for the fiscal year 1957-58.

/s/ Mayor	C. D. BAKER

Councilman	HARRIS P. SHARP

Councilman	REED WHIPPLE

Councilman	E. W. Fountain

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

BUDGET
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Municipal Election be held on May 7, 1957, and the following
proclamation adopted:

PROCLAMATION

WHEREAS, it appears that the Charter of the City of Las Vegas provides that a
General Election be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1957, in the
City of Las Vegas, for the election at large by the qualified voters of the City of two
Commissioners of the second and fourth class, respectively, a City Attorney, and a Judge
of the Municipal Court,

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, that such General Election be held in the City of Las Vegas on May 7, 1957; at
which election there shall be elected at large by the qualified voters of said City two
Commissioners, one of the second class and one of the fourth class, who shall be elected
and hold office for a period of four years and until their successors are elected and
qualified; a City Attorney, who shall be elected and hold office for. a period of four years
and until his successor shall be elected and qualified; and a Judge of the Municipal Court,
who shall be elected and hold office for a period of four years and until his successor
shall be elected and qualified; and a Judge of the Municipal Court, who shall be elected
and hold office for a period of four years and until his successor shall be elected and
qualified, and

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, that the places in said City of holding said election are
hereby determined as follows:

Precinct No.	Location

1	Dula	Recreation Center

2.	Elks	Hall, 128 South 3rd

3	Grammer School Gym, 4l7 So. 4th

4	Elks	Hall, 128 South 3rd

5	Dula	Recreation Center

6	Dula	Recreation Center

7	Grammar School Gym, 417 So. 4th

8	Plumbers Hall, 71b South 1st

9	Marble Manor, 811 "I" Street

10	Robert's School of Dancing, 207 North 9th

11a	Marble	Manor,	811 "I" Street

l1b	Marble	Manor,	811 "I" Street

12	Plumbers Hall, 714 South 1st

13	Dula	Recreation Center

l4	High	School Gym, 313 So. 7th

15	High	School Gym, 313 So. 7th

16	Culinary Union, 110 New Yark

17	Fire Station, 1100 E. Charleston

18	Grammar School Gym, itl7	So. 4th

19	Grammar School Gym, itl7	So. 4th

20	Grammar School Gym, itl7	So. 4th

21	Pat Clark Pontiac, 1620	Fremont

22	Kelso Turner, 300 North	11th

23a	Westside School

23b	Westside School

24	Dula Recreation	Center

25	Dula Recreation	Center

26	Bishop	Gorman	High School, 1801	Maryland	Parkway

27	Bishop	Gorman	High School, 1801	Maryland	Parkway

28	N. J. Fish Furniture, 2013 E. Charleston

29	Outdoor Equipment Co., 1623 Fremont

30a	700	West	Owens	Street

30b	700	West	Owens	Street

31	Culinary Union, 110 New York Ave.

32	700	West	Owens	Street

33	Carpenters Hall, 2033 E. Charleston

34	Marble Manor, 811 "I" Street

35	Nevada National Guard Armory, 23th & Stewart

36	Kelso Turner, 300 North 11th

37	West Charleston School, 2821 Palomino

38	County Barns, 617 Shadow Lane

39	L. R. Scott Residence, 2012 Poplar

40	John C. Fremont School

4la	Carpenters Hall, 2033 E. Charleston

4ib	Carpenters Hall, 2033 E. Charleston

42	Nevada Nash Corporation, 1631 Fremont

43a	Bishop	Gorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

43b	Bishop	Gorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

44	Bishop	Gorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

45	Rosevear's 2101 Fremont

46	Larkin Plumbing, 1801 Industrial Road

47	West Charleston School, 2821 Palomino

48	West Charleston School, 2821 Palomino

49a	Bishop	Gorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

49b	Bishop	Gorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

50	Nevada National Guard, 25th & Stewart

51	Sunrise Radio & T. V. -2521	Sunrise St.

52a	Twin Lakes School-Riverside	Drive

52b	Twin Lakes School-Riverside	Drive

53a	St. Viator Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

53b	St. Viator Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

54	Nevada National Guard Armory, 23th & Stewart

55a	Red Rock School Library

55b	Red Rock School Library

56	Plumbers Hall, 714 South 1st

57	High School Gym, 313 South 7th

MUNICIPAL ELECTION
Precinct No.	Location

58a	Red Rock School	Library

58b	Red Rock School	Library

59	Pioneer Radio & TV, 2224 E. Charleston

60a	Kit Carson	School, 1800 Block D Street

60b	Kit Carson	School, 1800 Block D Street

61	Village Cleaners, Twin Lakes Shopping Center

62	Village Cleaners, Twin Lakes Shopping Center

63	West Charleston	School, 2821 Palomino

64	John C. Fremont	School

65	Carpenters Hall, 2035 E. Charleston

66	Bishop	Oorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

67	Bishop	Oorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

68	Bishop	Gorman	High	School,	1801 Maryland

69	Twin Lakes	School - Riverside Drive

70	St. Viator	Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

71	St. Viator	Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

72	Red Rock	School	Library

73	Red Rock	School	Library

74	Red Rock	School	Library

75	Red Rock	School	Library

DATED this 28th day of February, 1957

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Louis Maynord, Superintendent of Maintenance be granted
a salary increase from $500.00 to $565.00 per month, effective February 16, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Howard Richcreek be removed from Civil Service and appointed
as Deputy Comptroller with his salary set at $330.00 per month effective March 1, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the money deposited with the City by the
applicants for the liquor and gaming licenses for the El Morocco Club was still on file.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this application had never been acted upon and since the time the
application was made the property has been sold.

Commissioner Whipple moved a refund of $1832.50 to the El Morocco Club be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Discussion was held on Ordinance No. 610 Electrical Code and the provision that requires
journeymen electricians to renew their certificates annualy. The Commission requested the
City Attorney to prepare an amendment to this ordinance eliminating the requirements of
annually renewing said certificates.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Commissioners Bunker and Whipple be reappointed as members
of the County Fair and Recreation Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the contract for towing service.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

The Commission reconsidered a letter from the Clark County School District requesting
authorization from the City granting permission to North Las Vegas to allow the School
District to hook an elementary school on the North Las Vegas Sewer System.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that when this request was considered at the
last regular meeting he was not aware of the fact that this property was not located with-
in the boundaries of the City of North Las Vegas. He stated that permission would have
to be granted by the City of Las Vegas if this connection is to be made.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to write a letter to the Clark County
School District authorizing this sewer connection.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Acting City Manager Gates presented an assignment of the Subdivision Agreement on Paradise
Plaza from Robert Lookabaugh to Richard Toleno. Mr. Gates advised the Commission that Mr.
Toleno had contacted his bonding company and a performance bond in the amount of $1500.00
was being prepared.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the assignment of the Subdivision
Agreement on Paradise Plaza from Robert Lookabaugh to Richard Toleno subject to the condi-
tion that a performance bond in the amount of $1500.00 be filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City underwrite the expenses of City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
to attend the Civil Aeronautics Board Hearing in Washington, D. C. on March 11, 1937.

SALARY INCREASE

DEPUTY COMPTROLLER

LICENSE APPLICATION
REFUND

ELECTRICAL CODE
ORDINANCE

COUNTY FIAR & RECREATION
BOARD

Appointment of Members
TOWING CONTRACT

CLARK COUNTY SCHOOL
DISTRICT
Sewer Connection

PARADISE PLAZA

CIVIL AERONAUTICS
BOARD HEARING
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Whipple moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City^Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

2-28-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 6, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 6th day of March, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7.30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F.Boos

City Engineer	George E.Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Bunker moved the hearing for Richard Toleno to appear and show cause why
his contractor's license should not be revoked be continued until March 20, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Virginia Ball for a use permit to operate
a wedding chapel in addition to the existing use of the premises for thking wedding
photographs and selling corsages at 222 South 2nd Street. Planning Director Franklin
Bills advised the Commission this application had been approved by the Board of Ad-
justment subject to the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-site im-
provements and the posting of a bond, which agreement and bond had been filed.

Mr. Harry Claiborne, representing Mrs. Ball appeared before the Commission and re-
quested approval of this application. He informed the Commission that they had con-
tacted all of the property owners in this block and they had indicated in writing that
they had no objection to the operation of a wedding chapel at this location.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for use permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regu-
lar meeting held on the 6th day of March, 1957; having considered the application of
Virginia Ball for use permit to operate a wedding chapel in addition to the existing
use of the premises for taking wedding photographs and selling corsages at 222 South
2nd Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements and the posting of a bond, and the Board having been advised these
conditions had been complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Virginia
Ball for use permit to operate a wedding chapel in addition to the existing use
of the premises for taking wedding photographs and selling corsages at 222 South
2nd Street be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjust-
ment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Robert A. and Edna
R. Lundgren for a portion of Lexington Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk in-
structed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted,
and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6 day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, datdd the 19 day
of February, 1957; executed by Robert A. Lundgren and Edna R. Lundgren, husband and
wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets;

and

3-6-57

SHOW CAUSE HEARING

Richard Toleno

USE PERMIT - U-2-57

Virginia Ball

RESOLUTIONS
ACCEPTING DEEDS

Lexington Avenue
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this Resolution he attached to said
deed; and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark; State of Nevada; and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain; duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting; and carried unanimously; the quitclaim deed of Virgil H. Barler
for a portion of Tobin Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up
the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted; and the City
Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain; duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker; and carried unanimously; the following Resolution is adopted; and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED; this 6 day of March; 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas; County of Clark; State of Nevada; that the deed; dated the 4 day
of March; 1957; executed by Virgil H. Barler to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark;
State of Nevada; and that the real property described therein be; and is hereby ac-
cepted; for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED; that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed;
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark; State of Nevada; and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain; duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting; and carried unanimously; the quitclaim deed of Kendall D. Garff
and David L. Freed for 30' right of way for a portion of J Street and 30' right of
way for an unnamed street is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the
standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted; and the City Clerk
authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W.Fountain; duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker; and carried unanimously; the following Resolution is adopted; and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED; this 6 day of March; 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas; County of Clark; State of Nevada that the deed; dated the
26 day of February; 1957; executed by Kendall D. Garff and David L. Freed to the
City of Las Vegas; County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clsrk, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Kendall D. Garff
for 30' right of way for a portion of J Street is accepted and the City Clerk in-
structed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby
adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W.Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6 day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 26 day
of February, 1957; executed by Kendall D. Garff to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Baker and Hazard,

Inc. for a portion of Owens Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw
up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City
Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE TT RESOLVED, this 6 day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5 day
of March, 1957; executed by Baker and Hazard, Incorporated to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Officeof the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Effie Keele and David
R. Keele for a 30' right of way for a portion of Lexington Avenue is accepted and the
City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is
hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

Tobin Avenue
"J" Street

"J" Street

Owens Avenue

Lexington Avenue
RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker,and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6 day of March, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 24 day
of February, 1957 executed by Effie Keele and David R. Keele, mother and son to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property de-
scribed therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Howard W. and
Georgetta S. Keele for a 30' right of way for a portion of J Street is accepted and
the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which
is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously,the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6 day of March, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 4 day
of March, 1957; executed by Howard S. Keele and Georgetta S. Keele to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ben Marcus for a firearms permit at
B & D Sales, 510 Fremont, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the permit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Louis H. Stone for 6% interest in the gam-
ing license for the Fremont Hotel be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation Permits
as approved by the Solicitations Review Board be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

HENDERSON EMBLEM CLUB #272
WOMEN OF THE MOOSE

NEVADA SOCIETY FOR CRIPPLED CHILDREN INC.

WOMAN'S SOCIETY OF CHRISTIAN SERVICE OF GRIFFIN METHODIST CHURCH

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Optimist Club for a Solicitation
Permit be approved subject to the approval of the Solicitations Review Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 5926 through 6471 in the net
amount of $75,576.22 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 9681 through 9840
in the total amount of $281,994.03 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of February 20 and 28, 1957 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon presented an amended Proclamation of Elections and ad-
vised the Commission that this proclamation provides for the holding of a Primary
Election on May 7; 1957 and a General Election on June 4, 1957.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following proclamation be adopted:

"J" Street

FIRE ARMS PERMIT

GAMING LICENSE
Fremont Hotel

CHARITABLE SOLICI-
TATION PERMITS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

PROCLAMATION OF

ELECTIONS


PROCLAMATION

WHEREAS; it appears that the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended; provides
that a Primary Election be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May,

1957; and that a General Election be held on the first Tuesday after the first Mon-
day in June; 1957 in the City of Las Vegas; for the nomination and election at large
by the qualified voters of the City of two Commissioners of the second and fourth
class; respectively; a City Attorney; and a Judge of the Municipal Court.

NOW; THEREFORE; IT IS HEREBY ORDERED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las VegaS; that a Primary Election be held in the City of Las Vegas on May 7;

1957; at which election there shall be nominated at large by the qualified voters
of said City; two Commissioners; one of the second class and one of the fourth class;
a City Attorney; and a Judge of the Municipal Court; and

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED; that such General Election be held in the City of Las
Vegas on June 4; 1957; at which election there shall be elected at large by the quali-
fied voters of said City; two Commissioners; one of the second class and one of the
fourth class; who shall be elected and hold office for a period of four years and
until their successors are elected and qualified; a City Attorney; who shall be elected
and hold office for a period of four years and until his successor shall be elected
and qualified; and a Judge of the Municipal Court; who shall be elected and hold of-
fice for a period of four years and until his successor shall be elected and qualified;
and

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED; that the places in said City of holding said elections are
hereby determined as follows:

Precinct No.	Location

1	Dula Recreation Center

2	Elks Hall; 128 South 3rd

3	Grammar School Gym; 417 South 4th

4	Elks Hall; 128 South 3rd

5	Dula	Recreation Center

6	Dula	Recreation Center

7	Grammar School Gym; 417 South 4th

8	Plumbers Hall; 714 South 1st

9	Marble Manor; 8ll "I" Street

10	Robert's School of Dancing; 207 No. 9th

11a	Marble Manor; 8ll "I" Street

l1b	Marble Manor; 8ll "I" Street

12	Plumbers Hall; 714 South 1st

13	Dula	Recreation Center

14	High	School Gym; 315 South 7th

15	High	School Gym; 315 South 7th

16	Culinary Union; 110 New York

17	Fire Station; 1100 E. Charleston

18	Grammar School Gym, 417 South 4th

19	Grammar School Gym; 417 South 4th

20	Grammar School Gym; 417 South 4th

21	Pat Clark Pontiac, 1620 Fremont

22	Kelso Turner; 500 North 11th

23a	Westside School; Washington & D

23b	Westside School; Washington & D

24	Dula Recreation Center

25	Dula Recreation Center

26	Bishop Gorman High School; 1801 Maryland

27	Bishop Gorman High School; 1801 Maryland

28	2015 E. Charleston

29	Outdoor Equipment Co.; 1625 Fremont

30a	700 West Owens Avenue

30b	700 West Owens Avenue

31	Culinary Union, 110 New York Avenue

32	700 West Owens Avenue

33	Carpenters Hall, 2035 E. Charleston

34	Marble Manor, 8ll "I" Street

35	Nevada National Guard Armory, 25th & Stewart

36	Kelso Turner, 500 North 11th

37	Wett Charleston School, 2821 Palomino

38	County Bams, 617 Shadow Lane

39	L.R. Scott Residence, 2012 Poplar

40	John C. Fremont School, 11th & St. Louis

4la	Carpenters Hall, 2035 E. Charleston

4lb	Carpenters Hall, 2035 E. Charleston

42	Nevada Nash Corp., 1631 Fremont

43a	Bishop Gorman High School, 1801 Maryland

43b	Bishop Gorman High School, 1801 Maryland

44	Bishop Gorman High School, 1801 Maryland

45	Rosevear's, 2101 Fremont

46	Larkin Plumbing, 1801 Industrial Road

47	W§st Charleston School, 2821 Palomino

48	West Charleston School, 2821 Palomino

49a	Bishop Gorman High School, 1801 Maryland

49b	Bishop Gorman High School, 1801 Maryland

50	Nevada National Guard Armory, 25th & Stewart

51	Sunrise Radio & T.V., 2521 Sunrise St.

52a	Twin Lakes School, Riverside Drive

52b	Twin Lakes School, Riverside Drive

53a	St. Viator Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

53b	St. Viator Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

54	Nevada National Guard, 25th & Stewart

55a	Red	Rock School-Library, Upland & Mayflower

55b	Red	Rock School-Library, Upland & Mayflower

3-6-57
56	Plumbers Hall, 714 South 1st

57	High School Gym, 315 South 7th

58a	Red Rock School-Library, Upland & Mayflower

58b	Red Rock School-Library, Upland & Mayflower

59	Pioneer Radio & TV, 2224 E.Charleston

60a	Kit Carson School, 1800 Block D Street

60b	Kit Carson School, 1800 Block D Street

61	Village Cleaners, Twin Lakes Shopping Center

62	Village Cleaners, Twin Lakes Shopping Center

63	West Charleston School, 2821 Palomino

64	John C. Fremont School, 11th & St. Louis

65	Carpenters Hall, 2035 E. Charleston

66	Bishop Gorman High School, 1801 Maryland

67	Bishop Gorman High School, 1801 Maryland

68	Bishop Gorman High School, 1801 Maryland

69	Twin Lakes School, Riverside Drive

70	St. Viator Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

71	St. Viator Catholic Church, 2001 Eastern

72	Red Rock School Library, Upland & Mayflower

73	Red Rock School Library, Upland & Mayflower

74	Red Rock School Library, Upland & Mayflower

75	Red Rock School Library, Upland & Mayflower

DATED this 6th day of March, 1957

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that a bus belonging to Vegas Transit Lines
had run into a fire truck at 5th and Stewart on March 12, 1954. He stated that demand
had been made on Vegas Transit and they had requested that the City hold off a settle-
ment until they had settled the personal injuries involved. Mr. Cannon stated that no
settlement has been made and that the statute of limitations is about to run out. He
requested that he be given authorization to file suit against Vegas Transit Lines to
recover the amount of the loss which is approximately $900.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be authorized to file suit against Vegas
Transit Lines to recover the damages to the fire truck.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 521, DEALING WITH THE ES-

TABLISHMENT OF A PUBLIC POUND IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND PROVIDING FOR THE OPERATION
THEREOF BY THE CITY; PROVIDING FOR FEES FOR SERVICES PERFORMED BY THE POUNDKEEPER;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND
PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Com-
missioners Fountain and Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 736 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 700 ALSO KNOWN AS THE

UNIFORM PLUMBING CODE BY DELETING THE PROVISIONS REQUIRING AN ANNUAL RENEWAL OF
JOURNEYMAN PLUMBERS CERTIFICATES OF COMPETENCY; BY MAKING IT UNLAWFUL FOR A PLUMBING
CONTRACTOR TO EMPLOY UNLICENSED JOURNEYMAN PLUMBERS; BY PERMITTING GAS UTILITIES TO
SECURE PERMITS TO DO CERTAIN WORK; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO;
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; AND PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF, was read by title and referred to Commissioners
Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 610 ALSO KNOWN AS THE

"SPECIALIZED ELECTRICAL ORDINANCE" BY DELETING THE PROVISIONS REQUIRING AN ANNUAL
RENEWAL OF JOURNEYMAN ELECTRICIAN AND ELECTRICAL MAINTENANCE CERTIFICATES; BY MAKING
IT UNLAWFUL FOR A MASTER ELECTRICIAN TO EMPLOY ANY UNLICENSED JOURNEYMAN ELECTRICIANS;
PROVIDING FOR REVOCATION OF CERTIFICATES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING
THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR
THE VIOLATION THEREOF, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and
Whipple for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE WARM AIR HEATING CODE OF THE CITY

OF LAS VEGAS, ADOPTED BY ORDINANCE NO. 607 AND AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 672, BY
DELETING PROVISIONS REQUIRING AN ANNUAL RENEWAL OF WARM AIR HEATING INSTALLERS CERTI-
FICATES OF COMPETENCY; PROVIDING FOR RENEWALS OF CERTIFICATES; BY MAKING IT UNLAWFUL
FOR A WARM AIR HEATING CONTRACTOR TO EMPLOY ANY UNLICENSED WARM AIR HEATING INSTALLERS
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR TEE VIOLATION THEREOF, was read by title and
referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recommendation.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Nevada Southern Gas Company is
merging with the Southwest Gas Corporation, and have requested transfer of the Gas
Franchise they have with the City from Nevada Southern Gas Company to the Southwest
Gas Corporation.

DAMAGE TO FIRE
TRUCK

ORDINANCE NO. 736
Animal

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Electrical



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Warm Air Heating



GAS FRANCHISE
Commissioner Bunker moved the assignment of the Gas Franchise from Nevada Southern
Gas Company to the Southwest Gas Corporation be approved subject to Southwest Gas
Corporation filing with the City an acceptance of all of the terms and conditions
of the existing franchise.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had received a request from the Palm Funeral
Home to purchase three acres of land from the City in the vicinity of Woodlawn Ceme-
tery to be used for the purpose of constructing a mausoleum and mortuary. The Com-
mission requested that Mr. Kennedy make a study of this matter and report back to
the Commission.

City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase requisition from the Police Department in
the amount of $1,140.00 for the purchase of blankets for the Rehabilitation Farm
and the jail, and another requisition in the amount of $550.00 for the purchase of
a refrigerator for the Rehabilitation Farm.

Commissioner Sharp moved these requests be granted and Purchase Orders to War Surplus
in the amount of $1140.00 for blankets and to Bonanza Appliance Center in the amount
of $559.00 for a refrigerator be issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition from the Fire De-
partment for blankets and bedding for the new Fire Station on East Charleston in
the amount of $1661.52.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted and a purchase order to Sheppards
Furniture Co. for blankets and bedding for the Fire Station on East Charleston in
the amount of $1661.52 be issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the License Department has not been able to issue business
licenses to Dr. Merkin at 1715 East Charleston and Dr. Waters at 1717 East Charles-
ton due to the fact that the off-site improvements have not been installed as re-
quired when the use permit was granted for this property. Mr. Kennedy stated that
the improvements have not been installed because the City is presently working on
an over-all assessment district for this area. He requested authorization for the
License Department to issue business licenses to these two doctors for a period of
ninety days.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to
issue business licenses to Dr. Merkin at 1715 East Charleston and Dr. Waters at 1717
East Charleston for a period of ninety days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy reported that when use permits or variances are granted for commercial
uses in residential zones there is no provision for change of fire zone. He stated
that the inspection departments have difficulty in making these people comply with
electrical and fire restrictions, and requested permission to have an amendment pre-
pared.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an amendment
to the Fire Zone ordinance to take care of this problem.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission he had received a request from Mrs. Sada
M. Hampton for reduction of the solicitors license fee to sell Childs World Encyclo-
pedia.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be referred to the City Manager for investi-
gation to be disposed of at his discretion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented the amended Water District Act known as Assembly Bill No.

226 and requested authority to send a letter to the Clark County delegation requesting
that they support this measure.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the revised Assembly Bill No. 226 be sent to the Clark
County delegation in Carson City with a request that they support this legislation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested that a policy be adopted by the Board concerning temporary
barricades on public rights-of-way, more particularly Fremont Street and the side streets.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following policy be adopted:

Procedure for erecting Temporary Barricades on public right-of-way on Fremont and con-
tributing side streets for the purpose of erecting new buildings, which stipulates no
barricade shall extend further into the sidewalk area on Fremont Street than to leave a
minimum five foot sidewalk area and must be enclosed according to the codes and speci-
fications of the City.

REQUEST TO PURCHASE
CITY PROPERTY
Palm Funeral Home

PURCHASE REQUISITIONS
Police Department



PURCHASE REQUISITIONS
Fire Department



BUSINESS LICENSES
East Charleston



FIRE ZONE ORDINANCE

SOLICITORS LICENSE
FEE REDUCTION



LEGISLATIVE CHANGE
Water District Act



TEMPORARY BARRICADES
No barricade shall extend further into the right-of-way area on the side streets
than four feet beyond the curb line, and four feet must be reserved for a walk-
way area and must be enclosed according to City codes and specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp advised the Commission that he and Commissioner Bunker had investi-
gated the request of Southern Nevada Industrial Foundation for office space, furniture
and a secretary in City Hall, and recommended that this formal request be approved.

Commissioner Sharp moved that in the best interest of the public, office space, furni-
ture and secretarial services for the Southern Nevada Industrial Foundation be pro-
vided in City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the installation of a Sprinkler System in the Baseball
Field adjacent to the Municipal Golf Course and a Sprinkler System in Hyde Park
Circle, the following bid was received:

Item 1	Item II	Item III

NEVADA LAWN IRRIGATION	$12,551.40	$3,059.86	$11,425.94

Commissioner Sharp moved this bid be referred to the Director of Public Works for
computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he and Commissioner Sharp had been appointed as a
committee to meet with the property owners on East Charleston concerning the im-
provement of this street between 15th and the intersection with Fremont Street.

Commissioner Bunker said that a meeting had been held on March 5th, and read the
following report to the Commission:

1.	That, a 20 foot alley be dedicated behind the property at the rear of the property
paralleling East Charleston Boulevard.

2.	That, an Assessment District be created for the installation of curb, gutter, pav-
ing, street lights, and sidewalk, and relocation of the existing utilities where they
encroach within the proposed area to be vacated along Charleston Blvd.

3.	That, steps be taken to vacate 40 feet along Charleston Blvd., so that Charles-
ton Bvd., will then be developed in the same manner as it is presently developed be-
tween 10th and 15th Streets.

During the discussion held yesterday afternoon, the property owners present indicated
that they would be very agreeable to the above approach, and also, that they would be
agreeable to a Bond Issue of short duration, i.e., a five or seven year Bond Issue.

If the general approach, as we are presenting it, issued, I am sure that it will pro-
vide a much more uniform development of East Charleston than would otherwise develop
as a result of the miscellaneous off-site improvement agreements that the City is
now using, especially when it is very questionable whether some Of the agreements
were properly handled.

Based on this, it is recommended that the City Engineer be instructed to proceed
with the required plans, specifications and other coordination necessary with the
City Attorney's office to properly develop East Charleston as an Assessment Dis-
trict, and that he report back to this Commission at the next meeting the progress
that has been made regarding the dedication of the alley and any additional right-
of-way necessary for the development of Charleston Blvd., as I have outlined.

Commissioner Bunker moved this report be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Henry Bridgman of the Motel Association appeared before the Commission at this
time and requested that the City support Assembly Bill No. 333 concerning the prohi-
bition of outdoor advertising of motel rates. Mr. Bridgman stated that this legis-
lation was the same as Ordinance No. 731 recently adopted by the Commission.

The Commission advised Mr. Bridgman that they would take this matter under considera-
tion.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Engineering Department be authorized to proceed to pre-
pare plans and specifications for the complete development of Hyde Park Circle so that
bids can be opened March 20, 1957 for landscaping, installation of sidewalks and
a drinking fountain in this park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker moved
this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



SOUTHERN NEVADA
INDUSTRIAL FOUNDATION

BID NO. 57.7
Sprinkler System
Baseball Field & Hyde
Park Circle

PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT
East Charleston

MOTEL ASSOCIATION
HYDE PARK CIRCLE
 CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

March l4, 1957

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be
held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the l4th day of March, 1957 at the hour of 4:30 P.M. to con-
sider the following matters:

1.	Convention Hall Legislation

2.	Department of Public Safety

s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and

A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R.F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of
the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a
special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,Nevada will be held in the Mayor's
Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the l4th day of March, 1957; at the hour of 4:30 P.M. to con-
sider the following matters:

1.	Convention Hall Legislation

2.	Department of Public Safety

s/ SHIRLEY LODWICK
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City Attorney of the
City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

s/ C.D. BAKER	s/ A.H. KENNEDY

s/ REED WHIPPLE	  s/ RALSTON O. HAWKINS

s/ WENDELL BUNKER
s/ HARRIS P. SHARP

Las Vegas, Nevada
March l4, 1957

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this l4th day of March, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 4:50 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	E.H. Fountain

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Whipple moved that a telegram be sent to the Clark County Delegation at the
Legislature requesting their support of the Convention Hall legislation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the creation of the Department of Public Safety be approved, to
include the Police and Fire Departments, and that Elmer Gates be appointed as Acting
Director of Public Safety at the pleasure of the Board in addition to his duties as Fire
Chief at a salary of $900.00 per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

There being no further business to came before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:





 City Clerk	Mayor

3-14-57

CONVENTION HALL
LEGISLATION



DEPARTMENT OF

PUBLIC SAFETY




Las Vegas, Nevada
March 20, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 20th day of March, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Assoc. Planner	Donald J. Saylor

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

This being the time set for Mr. Richard Toleno to appear before the Commission to show
cause why his contractor's license should not be revoked for non-performance of off-site
improvements in Paradise Plaza, Mr. Toleno was present.

The Commission was advised that Mr. Toleno had signed an agreement and filed a bond
covering the installation of these improvements.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bond and agreement on Paradise Plaza be accepted and
that the show order cause against Richard Toleno be terminated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of Hattie May Pavlo for reclassification of
Lots A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H, Resubdivision of Block 20, Ladd's Addition (Between
Fremont and Ogden from l4th to 15th Street) from R-3 to R-4.

Associate Planner Donald Saylor reported to the Commission that this application had
been approved by the Planning Commission. Mr. Saylor explained that protests had
been received from two adjacent property owners, one of which was informally withdrawn
at the Planning Commission hearing. He stated that written protests were also received
from James L. Delkin and Fred L. Delkin, brothers of the applicant, who hold a Second
Deed of Trust on the property, but investigation revealed that their interest is secon-
dary to the interest of the applicant and the holder of the First Deed of Trust, who
does not object. Mr. Saylor reported that at the present time there are 32 apartments
units on the property and it is proposed, if the rezoning is approved, to have a total
number of approximately 50 units.

Mr. Jack Perry, representing Mrs. Pavlo appeared before the Board at this time and ex-
plained that at the time the protestant had appeared at the Planning Commission they had
not seen the plans for improvement. He stated that since that time they had seen
these plans, and he felt there was no longer any objection to the rezoning.

At this time Commissioner Whipple left the meeting.

Mayor Baker asked Mrs. Pavlo if a contract had been let for this project and if it was
her intent to put in these improvements immediately.

Mrs. Pavlo advised the Commission that she had a temporary commitment for financing
the project, but the actual money would not be forthcoming until the rezoning had been
approved. She stated that it was her intent to proceed immediately to improve her
property.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commission Fountain moved that Lots A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H of the Resub-
division of Block 20, Ladd's Addition be rezoned from R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Sharp and

Whipple.

At this time the Commission considered the application of Doris E. Brown for the reclas-
sification of the East 50 feet of Lots 1,2, 3 and 4, Block 27, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
(southeast comer of 3rd and Lewis) from R-4 to C-1.

Mr. Saylor explained that the Planning Commission had denied this application on the
ground that this is a very small portion of a block which is now zoned and entirely developed
for residential purposes. He stated that there were no protests at the public hearing.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
the application for rezoning from R-4 to C-1 of the East 50 feet of Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4,
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite (Block 27), denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Sharp

and Whipple.

At this time Commissioner Whipple returned to the meeting.

SHOW CAUSE
HEARING

Richard Toleno



REZONING _ Z-l-57
Hattie May Pavlo



REZONING - Z-2-57
Doris E. Brown
Consideration was given to the application of Western Homes, Inc. for the reclassi-
fication of the East $31 feet of the North 2109 feet of the West half of the SW¼,

Section 32, T20S, R6lE, (between Hastings, Kenny Way, Alta Drive and Campbell Drive)
from R-e to R-1.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this application be denied on
the basis that it is incompatible with the surrounding development of ranch estates
and residential estates. The Commission was advised that an application for rezoning
of this property from R-E to R-1 was recommended for denial by the Planning Commission
on November 10, 1955 and denied by the City Commission on November 16, 1955; further
that the Planning Commission finds no change in the situation since that time which
would offer any reason for reversing this denial.

The property is in the immediate neighborhood of the proposed Catholic Church and
School for which a Use Permit was granted by the City Commission recently; objectors
at that hearing stated the belief that the School would tend to be detrimental to ad-
jacent properties and cause a change from their accustomed estate-type of living. The
Planning Commission felt that this rezoning would probably have exactly the result
that the objectors to the School predicted.

Mr. Saylor reported that prior to the hearing there was one objection filed with the
Planning Commission and a petition of 19 neighboring property owners in favor of the
application; at the hearing there were three objectors. In addition, two signers of
the petition approving the rezoning asked to have their names removed from the petition
and recorded as objectors.

Mayor Baker asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this application
for rezoning. No one appeared either in support of or opposed to the application.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
the application of Western Homes, Inc. for rezoning from R-E to R-1 of the above de-
scribed property be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

The Board considered the application of Burley M. Jones for the reclassification of the
S½ of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ and the SE¼ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of
Section 28, T20S, R6lE (between Washington, Adams, J Street to a point 330 feet east
of Highland Drive) from R-E to R-1.

The Planning Commission approved this application as being in accordance with the ap-
proved Land Use Plan for this area and very similar to recent zoning reclassifications
north of this property granted within the past year. No protests were made at the Plan-
ning Commission hearing.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Burley M. Jones for rezoning of the above
described property from R-E to R-1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Consideration was given to the right-of-way for the extension of N Street between Adams
and Washington.

Commissioner Bunker moved that at the time the subdivision plan is submitted to the City
that provision be made for the dedication of that area now known as N Street to the City
as a part of the proposed subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following tote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Gerald B. and Edith B. Nellis of 30 feet for Lexing-
ton Avenue and 30 feet for an unnamed street, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed
to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and
the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W. Fountain,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of March, 1957 by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Deed, dated the 6th day
of March, 1957; executed by Gerald B. Nellis and Edith E. Nellis, husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the quitclaim deed of William and Betty G. McKinley of 30 feet for Tobin
Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution
accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the
deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W. Fountain,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Deed, dated the 8th day
of March, 1957, executed by William McKinley and Betty Jean McKinley, husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real 3-20-57

REZONING - Z-3-57
Western Homes Inc.

REZONING - Z-4-57
Burley M. Jones

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEEDS

Lexington Avenue



Tobin Avenue


property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of C.D. Baker, Ruth
Oppedyk Dieleman, Violet Oppedyk Tracht, Nelda Oppedyk Sledge of portions of Lexing-
ton, Tobin an unnamed street and Harrison Avenue also known as Owens Avenue, is accepted
and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed
which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W. Fountain,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Deed, dated the 9th day
of March, 1957; executed by C.D. Baker, Ruth Oppedyk Dieleman, Violet Oppedyk Tracht,
Nelda Oppedyk Sledge to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Deed, and
that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Mary E. Blackett and Theodore Glezos
for five slot machines at Blackett's Drive In, 2100 South 5th Street be approved and
the Supervisor of License add Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Robert Van Santen to consolidate the Nevada
Club, 113 Fremont and the Fortune Club, 109 Fremont under the name of the Nevada Club,
105-113 Fremont be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
correct the liquor and gaming licenses to show this change of name of business and ad-
dress.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 6472 through 7020 in the net amount
of $74,797.11 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 9841 through 10014 in
the total amount of $262,420.98 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of March 6 and 14, 1957 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for permits for charitable solicita-
tion, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

NEVADA SOCIETY FOR CRIPPLED CHILDREN

CLARK COUNTY CHAPTER OF AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY

PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH WOMENS ASSN.

ZION METHODIST CHURCH

SILVER STATE DRUM & BUGLE CORPS WIDOWS

AMERICAN GOLD STAR MOTHERS

SOUTHERN NEVADA SIGHTLESS

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail sale
of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the licenses:

BANK OF NEVADA	1st & Carson	Sutton Vending

BLUE ONION DRIVE INN	Fremont & Charleston	"	"

CITY LAUNDRY	13th & Carson

CRAIN'S CAFE	1609 Fremont	"	"

D.X. SERVICE STATION	1555 E. Charleston	"	"

D.X. SERVICE STATION	333 N. Main	"	"

DEL MAR MOTEL	l4ll S. 5th	"	"

Lexington, Tobin
& Harrison

GAMING APPLICATION

Change of Name
Fortune Club
to Nevada Club

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

CHARITABLE SOLICITA-
TION PERMITS

CIGARETTE

APPLICATIONS


DESERT DRUGS	603 Van Buren	Frank C. Harp

JIM & HELEN'S SKILLET	1519 South Main	Valley	Lee Vending

LARRY'S MUSIC BAR	413 Jackson	"	"	"

PARK MARKET	424 North 5th	Albert	Goot

ROCCO'S ITALIAN FOODS	2008 E. Charleston	Sutton	Vending

STAGG MEDICAL CENTER	W. Charleston	"	"

SUNDOWN LIQUORS	212 North Main	"	"

10TH & FREMONT MOTOR SER.	114 North 10th	"	"

VILLAGE COFFEE SHOP	1038 Tonopah	"	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted accepting the deed from
the Las Vegas Land & Water Company for five acres of property generally located in
the S½ of the NW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, known as "N"L.D. 2913-2 and re-
corded in Clark County Recorder's office as Document No. 98770, Book 120 on February

5 1957:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.
Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Deed, dated the 8th day
of January, 1957; and Recorded on February 5; 1957 as Document No. 98770 in Book 120,
Clark County Records, executed by LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes therein contained; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time City Attorney Cannon presented the escrow instructions, a grant bargain
and sale deed, and an agreement regarding the proposed sale of five (5) acres of
land at the Old Ranch to the Eagles Lodge.

It was pointed out that the City was to pay the entire cost of the Title Policy and 50%
of the escrow fees. Inasmuch as it was the understanding of the Board that the pur-
chase price of the property was to be $10,000.00 net to the City, the City Manager
was instructed to contact the Eagles regarding payment of the Title Policy and escrow
fees and report back to the Commission.

At this time Director of Public Works George Wade made a progress report on the pro-
posed assessment district for the improvement of East Charleston Boulevard from 15th
Street to the intersection of Charleston Blvd, with Fremont Street.

Mr. Wade stated that the deeds for the dedication of the alley are being prepared by
the City Attorney's office and the property owners are being contacted. He reported
that property owners, with two exceptions are in favor of this district and have in-
dicated their willingness to dedicate the necessary right-of-way.

City Attorney Cannon pointed out to the Commission that the District will have to be
handled as as two separate projects. One, the opening of the alley and where there
are encroachments on the alley that will require an agreement on the part of the exe-
cutor that they will remove the encroachment within five years.

The Board then instructed the Public Works Department to take the necessary steps to
see how much of this property can be obtained by quit claim deed under these conditions
and then the Board will determine whether or not they desire to condemn the property
that cannot be obtained by quitclaiming.

Mr. Cannon continued that the second step is that at the time the Commission determines
that it wants to go ahead, they should have a petition on file for vacation of a por-
tion of the street and also a petition for the creation of an assessment district to
install the improvements that are desired. Mr. Cannon stated that it appears that
the petition for vacation has been filed; however, no action should be taken until
all the property owners have signed a petition for the creation of an improvement
district to install the necessary improvements.

City Engineer Wade reported that the Hinson Street Sewer line to the new Fire Station
north of Charleston Boulevard has been inspected, the Notice of Completion filed on
February l4, 1957 and recommended that this work be accepted and the retention of
$261.00 be paid to the contractor George E. Miller Co.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Hinson Street Sewer line be accepted, the performance
bond released and payment of $261.00 to contractor, George E. Miller Co. be approved and
the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that the installation of the pump at the Golf
Course has been completed, the Notice of Completion filed on February 13, 1957 and
recommended that this work be accepted and the retention of $362.30 be paid to con-
tractor, S.R. McKinney & Son.

ACCEPTANCE OF DEED
Las Vegas Land &
Water Co.



SALE OF CITY
PROPERTY
Eagles Lodge



PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT - East
Charleston Blvd.



HINSON STREET SEWER
LINE - Acceptance &
Release of Bond



GOLF COURSE PUMP
Acceptance & Release
of Bond 
Commissioner Bunker moved that the installation of the pump at the Golf Course by S.R.
McKinney & Son be accepted, the performance bond released, and payment of $362.30 to
the contractor approved and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the
warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade reported that the Hinson Street Water line to the new Fire Station
north of Charleston Boulevard has been inspected, the Notice of Completion filed Febru-
ary l4, 1957 and recommended that this work be accepted and the retention of $518.86
paid to the contractor, George E. Miller Co.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Hinson Street Water line be accepted, the performance
bond released and payment of $618.86 to contractor George E. Miller Co. be approved and
the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the City Engineer reported that the street striping machine needed to be
replaced. Mr. Wade stated that the present equipment is the only paint spray machine
the City has, and it is anticipated will break down within a short time. He requested
permission to purchase one "Reflect-Liner", Model 8-T-Self-propelled single line paint
spray machine from Clark County Wholesale at a cost of $835.00 plus freight.

Commissioner Bunker moved that authorization be granted to purchase the above described
paint spray machine from Clark County Wholesale at a cost of $835.00, plus freight.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to purchase a Roots-Connersville gas compressor
for the digestor at the existing sewage disposal plant. Mr. Wade stated the approximate
cost would be $1,400.00 and the equipment has been checked with Headman, Ferguson and
Carollo and determined that this is the most economical installation.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be granted to purchase a Roots-Connerville
gas compressor for the digestor at the existing sewer disposal plant at an approximate
cost of $1,400.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Mr. Wade requested additional funds to cover street patching and repair in an estimated
amount of $3,500.00 to complete contract payments for the balance of the contract period.

Commissioner Whipple moved that an additional allotment of approximately $3500.00 for
the street patching and repair contract be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade reported to the Commission that the off-site improvements for the in-
stallation of sidewalks and driveways at Forest Lawn Memorial Chapel, dba Desert Lawn
Inc., located at 1320 North Main Street have been completed and inspected. Mr. Wade
recommended that these improvements be accepted and the performance bond released.

Commissioner Fountain moved the off-site improvements at 1320 No. Main Street be accepted
and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Mr. Wade advised the Commission that the off-site improvements for the installation of
sidewalk and driveways at the residence of A.G. Williams, 200 North 15th Street have
been completed and inspected and recommended acceptance and release of the bond.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the off-site improvements at 200 North 15th Street be
accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade reported that a request had been received from Wells Cargo Inc. for
extension of time on the contract they have with the City for street patching and repair
from May 3; 1957 to May 3, 1953.

Mr. Wade stated that their performance had been very good and it was suggested that the
contract be extended.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the Director of Public Works be authorized to secure
bids for street patching and repair.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Sharp.

HINSON STREET WATER

LINE - Acceptance &

Release of Bond





PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT
Street Striping
Machine

PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT
Sewer Plant
Compressor

STREET REPAIR

Allotment of
Funds

FOREST LAWN MEMORIAL
CHAPEL

Acceptance & Release
of Bond

OFF-SITE IMPROVEMENTS

A.G. Williams

Acceptance & Release
of Bond



STREET REPAIR CONTRACT

Extension of Time
This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.8 for the land-
scaping of Hyde Park Circle, the following bid was received and opened:

GOTO LANDSCAPING & NURSERY	$10,735.00

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition for 200 mattresses
for the Rehabilitation Farm in the amount of $1650.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted and Purchase Requisition No. 7089
to Sears-Roebuck & Company, for 200 mattresses for the Rehabilitation Farm in the
total amount of $1650.00 approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager advised the Commission that an application for a package liquor li-
cense at 404 West Bonanza had been received from Allan M. Kelley, and since there
were no liquor licenses available the fees deposited would be refunded to Mr. Kelly.

The Commission indicated approval of this refund.

Mr. Kennedy reported that the expenses for the City Attorney's office in connection
with the Civil Aeronautics Board hearing on the reopened Bonanza Renewal Case, Docket
#5773 et al for extension of service was $668.l4. The City Manager stated that Clark
County Board of Commissioners would be billed for one-half of these expenses.

Mr. Kennedy further reported that a check in the amount of $317.80 had been received
from Southwest Airways, which would be returned inasmuch as the City Commission had
determined that the City would pay for the expenses involved in the trip to attend
the CAB hearing in Washington, D.C.

The City Manager presented the proposal of R.M. Barton of Ace Exterminating Co. to
purchase the used Tifa Fogg Machine from the City of Las Vegas and recommended its
acceptance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented the application for a federal grant for the Sewage Treat-
ment works in the amount of $39,000.00 and requested authorization for the Mayor and
Clerk to sign this application.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the application
for a federal grant for the sewage treatment works.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Well Permit No. 16990 had been issued
on January 10, 1957, transferring the water rights to the McNeil Well to the City of
Las Vegas, as discussed at the Commission meeting of July 10,1956. Mr. Kennedy re-
quested approval of payment of $1,000 to Thomas T. Beam as purchase price for the
water rights under said permit, which is the price formerly agreed upon.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition #7333 in the amount of $1,000.00
to Thomas T. Beam be approved, the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register
and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Architect John Replogle had submitted preliminary
floor plans for alterations to the new print shop and alterations to the main lobby
and hall in City Hall, and requested authorization for Mr. Replogle to proceed with
the plans.

Commissioner Bunker moved that architect John Replogle be authorized to proceed with
the preparation of the plans for the alterations to the new print shop and main lobby
and hall in City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented agreement #243-170 of the Las Vegas Valley Water District
dated February 5, 1957, covering the installation of water mains to serve the new fire
station on Hinson Street, north of Charleston Boulevard together with the bill of sale
covering said installation, and requested authorization for the Mayor and Clerk to sign
said agreement and bill of sale.

The City Manager presented the application of the Silver State Elks Lodge #1158 to hold
a carnival April 3rd through April 7th, 1957, funds to be used to reduce the mortgage at
320 Jackson Avenue; said carnival to be held on the Josephson property on Harrison Ave-
nue between H and J Streets.

BID NO. 57.8 -
Hyde Park Circle

Landscaping

PURCHASE REQUISITION
Poliee Department

PACKAGE LIQUOR
APPLICATION

C.A. B. HEARING
Bonanza Airlines
Expenses

SALE OF EQUIPMENT

Fogging Machine

SEWAGE TREATMENT
WORKS

Federal Grant
Application

WATER RIGHTS PERMIT

CITY HALL REMODELING

HINSON STREET WATER
LINE

Agreement with Water
District

CARNIVAL PERMIT
Silver State Elks
Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Silver State Elks Lodge to hold a
carnival April 3rd through April 7th, 1957 he approved subject to compliance with
Police and Fire Department rules and regulations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the Director of Public Works presented the tabulation on Part A of Bid
No. 57*7 which concerns the installation of the sprinkler system at the Baseball
Field adjacent to the Municipal Golf Course. Mr. Wade explained that the only bidder
was Nevada Lawn Irrigation Co. and the bid tabulation was as follows:

 Part A-Section A	Part A-Section B	Total Bid

$12,551.40	$3,059.86	$15,611.26

Commissioner Bunker moved that Part A of Bid No. 57.7 be awarded to the only bidder,
Nevada Lawn Irrigation Co. in the total amount of $15,611.26, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Director of Public Works reported to the Commission that they had analyzed the bid
of Goto Landscaping and Nursery Co. and that the bid was incomplete in that they had
submitted no bid on sidewalks, drinking fountains, curb and gravel.

After considerable discussion the Director of Public Works was instructed to contact
contractors or firms, to determine if we can negotiate to do the work omitted by the
Goto Landscaping and Nursery Co. and make a further check on the landscaping work to
see if the bid on that portion of the work is in line. After the above information
has been checked, if a definite recommendation is available within five to seven days,
the Commission would like to meet wo further consider the matter.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the Plumbing Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the Electrical Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed amend-
ment to the Warm Air Heating Code requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE 525 ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE TO

AMEND ORDINANCE 304 ENTITLED:" AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS CREATING AND ES-
TABLISHING FIRE ZONES"; BY ADDING CERTAIN DESCRIBED AREAS TO FIRE ZONES TWO AND TWO
SPECIAL (2s); BY PROVIDING FIRE ZONES FOR RE-ZONED AREAS; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATED THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH"; BY PLACING AREAS WHICH ARE GRANTED USE PERMITS OR VARIANCES TO CONDUCT A PRO-
FESSIONAL OR COMMERCIAL USE IN FIRE ZONE NUMBER TWO OR FIRE ZONE NUMBER TWO SPECIAL
AS THE CASE MAY BE; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THERE-
WITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE,was read by title
and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 17, SECTION 12, CODE OF THE CITY

OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AT PAGE 254, BY PROVIDING FOR LICENSE FEES FOR ASTROLOGERS
AND PERSONS IN SIMILAR OCCUPATIONS; REPEALING CONFLICTING ORDINANCES; PROVIDING PENAL-
TIES FOR THE VIOLATION of this ORDINANCE; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommen-
dation.

Mayor Baker stated that sometime ago, upon request, a committee composed of Commission's
Bunker and Fountain was designated to meet with a group regarding a youth program. Mayor
Baker further remarked that it appeared as though there were many groups and civic organ-
izations within the City who were in one way or another active or interested in a youth
program, that the formation of the P.A.L. organization of the Police Department was a-
nother step in the right direction. However, in his opinion, there was an apparent need
of the City to assume the responsibility of spearheading the organization of a coordinated
effort to develop a positive program that would result in definite steps being taken to
formulate a coordinated youth program. Mayor Baker then asked to hear from the Commit-
tee at this time.

Commissioner Bunker reported that the Committee had met with various groups and spent
a great deal of time studying and working on a youth program. He stated that he was
in complete accord with the remarks of the Mayor concerning the need for the City to
spear-head a positive coordinated program and reported that a meeting was scheduled for
Friday, March 29, 1957 to which representatives of groups who expressed an interest in
participating in such a program have been invited. He further stated that as a result
of this meeting, he hoped that a definite plan would be formulated to be presented to
the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners in the immediate future.

Commissioner Fountain moved the resignations of Gerald Stewart and Robert
Schmutzer as members of the Planning Commission be accepted and the Clerk
authorized to send a letter of appreciation for the service they have ren-
dered to the City as members of that Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Mr. A.E. Cahlan be appointed as a member
of the Planning Commission for a term to expire in August, 1962.

BID NO. 57.7
Ball Park Sprinkler
System

BID NO. 57.8
Hyde Park Circle
Landscaping

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Ordinance

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Electrical Ordinance

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Warm Air Heating Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Use Permits Fire Zones

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Fortune Tellers

YOUTH PROGRAM

PLANNING COMMISSION
Resignation of
Members

APPOINTMENT OF
MEMBERS
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Philip Empey be appointed as a member
of the Planning Commission for the unexpired term of Robert Schmutzer,
said term to expire in August, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Commissioner Fountain be appointed as special
emissary to the Las Vegas Valley Water District.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp. Commissioner Fountain passed his vote:

Commissioner Bunker asked what would be the status of property owned by
the City within the boundaries of a proposed unincorporated town, should
the unincorporated town be legally formed. Commissioner Bunker made
particular reference to a public notice of hearing on April 8, 1957, re-
garding a proposed unincorporated town east of the City which he thought
would include the new sewer plant and other City-owned property to the
east.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that such property could be
taken into and included in an unincorporated town and that the City should
protest, should they not desire City property to be included in an unin-
corporated town.

Commissioner Bunker requested that a map be drawn of the proposed unincorp-
orated town to determine what City property might be affected.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the map would be available very shortly.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City enter an official protest of in-
clusion of property owned by the City within the proposed unincorporated
town.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following appointments as Election Board
workers for the Primary Municipal Election to be held on May 7, 1957,
and the General Municipal Election to be held on June 4, 1957 be made,
and the City Clerk instructed to notify these people of said appointments:

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT#1	VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (DAY AND NIGHT)

Lena Williams	221 North 1st	Ins/ #1

Vi&lette M. Long	127½ North 3rd	Insp.

Paralee Bankhead	225½ North 1st, Ap. #1	Insp.

Elizabeth Whittlesey	2105 Ogden	Clerk

Jane P. Ewald	6l0 Biltmore	Clerk

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #2	VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (BEY AND NIGHT)

Norma J. Mudd	14 Bridger	Insp. #1

Ethel M. Shanks	226 South 2nd	Insp.

Alfreda Parker	229 North 19th	Insp.

Verda Miller	1932 Houston	Clerk

Lillian F. Ludwick	527 North 11th	Clerk

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #3	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Virginia Shelley	4l8 South 1st	Insp. #1

Melvin E. Kemp	P.O.Box 165, 113 Bridger	Insp.

La Prele Fields	422 South 2nd	Insp.

Ione Flickinger	317	South 1st	Clerk

Lula E. Taney	312	South 1st	Clerk

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Ruth Jensen	399	North Bruce	Insp.

Lucille Bunyard	322½	South 6th	Isnp.

Hattie Nebergall	320½	South 2nd	Insp.

Beverly E. Lewis	324	South 2nd, Apr. #1	Clerk

Esther Homer	601	South 9th	Clerk

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #4	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Ruby Dimmick	520	South2nd	Insp. #1

Edna D. Smith	6l8	South 2nd	Insp.

Nevin G. Bachman	217½	Bonnerville	Insp.

Callie L. Paulus	630	South 3rd	Clerk

Ophie Mae Smith	622	South 2nd	Clerk

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Eunice B. Johnson	501	South 1st	Insp.

Girven V. Lunn	617	South 2nd	Insp.

Ruby Dimmick	520	South 2nd	Insp.

Muriel E. Smith	617	South 2nd	Clerk

Marie Kirkendall	1315	Wengert	Clerk

WATER DISTRICT
Emissary

UNINCORPORATED

TOWN



ELECTION WORKERS
APPOINTED
VOTING BOARD (DAY) AND
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #	COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Blanche A. Leland	217 North 4th	Insp.	#1

Helen C. Renfer	124½ N. 4th 	Insp.

Elizabeth Boswell	209 N. 4th	Insp.

Alma J. Faber	222	N. 5th	Clerk

Owen C. Pauff	120 N. 5th	Clerk

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #6	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Irene Hauck	100	E.	Bonanza	Insp .#1

Emma L. Clark	513	N.	1st	Insp.

Betty Pfleeger	106	E.	Bonanza	Insp.

Maude Chamberlain	750	Biltmore	Clerk

Margaret Medberry	9H	N. 1st	Clerk

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Alma Aljets	123	Palm Lane	Insp.

Charles John Taylor	ll6	Palm Lane	Insp.

Eleanor Brown	918	Biltmore	Insp.

Herman Perlman	717	Biltmore	Clerk

Mrs. Mary Perlman	717	Biltmore	Clerk

LAS VEGASPRECINCT #7	VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (DAY AND NIGHT)

Genevieve P. Bonamy	428	S.	2nd	Insp.	#1

Lilyan Johnson	715	S. 2nd	Insp.

Lila H. Crane	6l4	S. 9th	Insp.

Agnes M. Schamber	210	S. 5th	Clerk

Margaret Webster	210	S. 5th	Clerk

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #8	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Eloise C. Achatz	802	S. 2nd	Insp.#l

Hazel Campbell	102	Gass	Insp.

Justine M. Griffin	800	S. 2nd	Insp.

Myrtle G.Oliver	117	Gass	Clerk

Bemetta B. Palmitier	1203	S. l6th	Clerk

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Charles J. Weber	710	S. 1st	Insp.

Eloise C. Achatz	802	S. 2nd	Insp.

Hallie H. Miller	122	Gass	Insp.

Selesta Mae Scruggs	826	S. 3rd	Clerk

Elizabeth Weber	710	S. 1st	Clerk

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #9	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Emma Curtis	222	W. Bonanza	Insp.	#1

Hazel J. Gay	8ll	N. "B"	Insp.

Mary Shannon	820	W. Bonanza	Insp.

Roberta Nichols	718	N. "B"	Clerk

Eldora Walker	1200	Harrison Lane	Clerk

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Dorothy Arena	817	N. "B"	Insp.

Ann Roberts	1769	N. "D"	Insp.

Susie Maufas	304½	N. 2nd	Insp.

Emma Walker	412	W. Wilson	Clerk

Avanelle Lewis	108	George Place	Clerk

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #10	COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Myrtle D. Bernard	817	Stewart,	Apt. 3	Insp.

Richard Hartwell	1604	Hastings	Ave.	Insp.

Ambrose M. Murphy	206	N. 11th	Insp.

Harry E. Hatfield		117 N. 10th, Box 1203	Clerk

Howard L. Weiand	315	N. 8th	Clerk

VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Stella Ebert	321	N. 8th	Insp. #1

Edith R. Cantrall		6l8 Biltmore Dr.	Insp.

Irene Weiand	315	N. 8th	Insp.

Mary J. Lodwick	208	N. 11th	Clerk

Joan Z. Poole	114	N. 12th	Clerk

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #11A	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Nora J. Nicholson	622 McWilliams	Ins. #1

Letha Ann Thomas	621	Madison	Insp.

Mary Elizabeth Tatum	620	Adams	Insp.

Robbie Lee Jones	603	Adams	Clerk

Betty Jackson	6l6	McWilliams	Clerk

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Josie Lee	609	Adams	Insp.

Ruth E. Butler	615	Wilson	"

Alma Shaw	619 Van Buren		"

Cleophis Williams	6l8	W. Adams	Clerk

Rena Carter	6l0	W. Adams	"

3-20-57
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #11B	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Thomas Lee	609	Adams	Insp. #1

Dorothy McCants	508	Washington	"

Alma Shaw	6l9	Van Buren	"

Grace Lorraine Harris	704	Jefferson, Apt. #2	Clerk

Lessie B. Holiday	900	F	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Emma Robinson	704	Harrison	Insp.

Enna Myrtle Johnson	1620	J	"

Laura C. Jolly	612	Wilson	"

Ruth Ann McClinton	712	Jefferson	Clerk

Helen M. Hall	1013	N. "C"	"

LAS VEDAS PRECINCT #12	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Edith Price	1122	S. 5th	Place	Insp.#l

Rebecca L. Ewell	330 N. l4th	Insp.

Lorraine Stewart	P.O. Box 591	"

Gertrude K.Lunde	Box	605	Clerk

Louise Neukom	1625	Mayfair	Circle	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Edith Price	1122	S. 5th Place	Insp.

Mavis Kelly	2317	Santa Paula	"

Mildred C. Magleby	1248	S. 7th	"

Gwendolyn Wooley	1240	S. 7th	Clerk

Marjorie A. Vaughn	421	N. l6th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #13	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Edna E. Bell	523 N. 8th	Insp.#l

Hilda Pine	500 N. 7th	Insp.

Charles Polinak	509	N. 8th	"

Hazel T. Spendlove	312	N. 10th	Clerk

Madeline Vanderburg	306½	N. 9th	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Janet Meyer	908	N. 5th	Insp.

Velma R. White	328	N. 9th	"

Stella Wright	421	N. 8th	"

Janes S. Fleming	638	N. 9th	Clerk

Christian V. Carstensen	324	N. 9th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #14	VOTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Minnie Dixon	624	S. lOh	Insp.#l

Elma May Johnson	315	S. 9th	Insp.

Pauleen C. Foutz	421	S. 6th	"

Anna A. Miller	331	S. 9th	Clerk

Della De Vinney	311	S. 6th	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Elizabeth Carmichael	4ll	S. 6th	Insp.

Faye Lane	225	Maryland	"

Gordon Carmichael	4ll	S. 6th	"

Frances Horrocks	420	S. 11th	Clerk

Hilda R. Raymond	311	S. lOh	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #15	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Della O.Wittwer	6l2	S. 10th	Insp. #1

Wilma McCall	605	S. 7th	Insp.

Eoline E.Davis	1118	Clark, Apt. A	"

Joseph Hannig	606	S. 10th	Clerk

Della M. Capen	205	S. 8th	"

(COUNTING BOARD) NIGHT

John Conway	630	S. 9th	Insp.

Arvilla Johnson	615	S. 7th	"

Mary C. Nash	602	S. 10th	"

Clyde Austin	529	S. 9th	Clerk

Carol Wilson Blake	525	S. 8th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #16	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Hanna L. Estes	18	W. Utah	Insp.#l

Beulah Frehner	1205	S. 3rd	Insp.

Marie M. Coleman	1302	S. 3rd	"

Grace McNatt	117	E. Imperial	Clerk

Stella Smith	1142	S. 4th, Apt. 10	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Clara E. Ryan	1001	N. 4th	Insp.

Katherine Williamson	1121	S. 2nd, Apt. C	"

Marie M.Coleman	1302	S. 3rd	"

Rilla May Morley	1304½ S. 2nd	Clerk

Barbara Van Norsdall	1303 S. 3rd	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #17	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Zelda Fightlin	1037 Franklin	Insp.#l

Rae O. Campbell	1149	Maryland Parkway	Insp.

Graee Cox	1114	Jessica	"

Lona Hatfield	1047	Franklin	Clerk

Lillie P. Bryan	114l	Maryland Parkway	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Catherine G.Glenn	1415	Cottonwood Place	Insp.

Rachel A. Cutler	1110	Francis Ave.	Insp.

Dorothy Porter	1045	Yucca	Insp.

Reba E. Saiger	104l	Franklin	Clerk

Helen D. Berry	1121	Jessica	"

3-20-57
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #18	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Margaret J. Donovan	704	S.	4th	Insp.	#1

Mina Flood	201	S.	6th, Apt. 17	Insp.

Tilla G. Ferguson	707	S.	8th

Sarah I. Hall	729	S.	7th	Clerk

Lena M. Petitti	723	S.	3rd	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Hazel Lu Forgeron	715	S.	4th	Insp.

Stella M. Snider	810	S.	7th	"

Laura Carson	715	S. 6th

Helen M. Clark		1108 Clark	Clerk

Marie Myers	4l8	Garces

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #19	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Birdie Whipple	6l8 S. 6th		Insp.#l

Laura E. Jepson	525	S. 3rd	Insp.

May Deverell	572	S. 4th

Edith M. Allan	505	S. 4th	Clerk

Ruth Weir Smith	624	S. 6th

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Dora A. Riley	513	S. 3rd	Insp.

Pearl Bloom	525	S. 4th	"

Leonard Seay	1033	Howard	"

Viola Koenig	122	Clark, Apt. 6	Clerk

Katherine B. Phillips	2122 Berkley Ave.	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #20	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Minnie E. Logsdon	1040	Howard Dr.	Insp.	#1

Grace Clement	2321	Santa Clara	Drive	Insp.

Iva H. Millward	1427	Cottonwood	Pl.

Minnie B. Gamer	310	Clark	Clerk

Alice L.Gifford	501	S.	6th

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Antonia Eva Rico	421	S. 3rd	Insp.

Sharon Dick	1132	S. 5th

Edgerton W.Mayell	318	S. 4th	"

Pearl Baker	325	N. 6th	Clerk

Zeta J. Brantley	4l6½	S. 6th

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #21	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Sara A. Sharnik	318	S. 13th	Insp.#l

Martha S. Mueller	1305 Francis	Insp.

Mary Elizabeth Perry	367	N. 15th	"

JoAnne Mirabelli	420 S. l4th	Clerk

Cleo Purdy	124 N. 18th	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Glenn Butterfield	310 Maryland Parkway	Insp.

Agnes C. Butterfield	310	"	"	"

Ethel Sargent	1412 Poplar	"

Mary Margaret Brockley	2413 Santa Clara	Clerk

Donald H. Brockley	2413	"	"	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #22	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Villa E. Golstrom	231	N. 11th	Insp.#l

Artemissia Brewer	4l8	N. 12th	Insp.

Ressie E.P. Harris	221-5 N. 12th	"

Ina L. Robinet	221	N. 13th	Clerk

Florence Holt Sims	216	N. 12th, P.O.Box 1575	"

Harmon Northrop	113	N. 13th	Insp.

Lucille Pratt	225	N. 15th, Apt. 7	"

H.B. Adams	302	N. 7th	"

Sylvia Trelease	514	N. 7th	Clerk

Verda Nicholls	400	N. 11th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #23A	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Henrietta Thomas	404	Adams	Insp.#l

Myrtle Snowden	412	Jefferson	Insp.

Hazel Smith	421	W. Madison	"

Claire Samuels	512	Adams	Clerk

Jeannett Carr	1000	N. "B"	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Louise M.Clark	1676 N. "E"	Insp.

Doris L.Freeman	602	Madison	"

Charles Parks	312	McWilliams	"

Lena Moore	502	Adams	Clerk

Addie M. Redo	521	Wyatt	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #23B	VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (DAY AND NIGHT)

Ethel Pearson	413	Adams	Insp.#l

Edna Heckard	317	Madison	Insp.

Luella Knuckles	302	Jefferson	"

Mary E.Buggs	215	Adams	Clerk-

Harriett Moberly	4l4	Madison	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #24	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Eva Downey	310	Bonanza Rd.	Insp.#l

Clarence Cannon	1017	N. 5th	"

Daisy Nell Slade	1631	Chapman	"

Frank Natusch	6l6	N. 4th	Clerk

Edith Clapper	425	N. 6th	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Iola Schiaretti	717	N. 5th	Insp.

Clara M. Eaton	332	E. Bonanza 	P., Box 1331	Insp.

Marion Jean Crow	503 N. 11th,	"

Barbara W. Parker	717	N. 5th, P.O. Box 1983	Clerk

Ellen C.Daniels	ll6 N. 4th	"
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #25	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Alice Alldredge	312 N. 6th	Insp. #1

Glenna Wilson	651	Mesquite	Insp.

Marie M. Portnor	504	N. 6th

Ray H. Smith	509	N. 7th	Clerk

Margaret Konold	420	N. 7th

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Lester L. Burt	301	N. 6th	Insp.

Pearl Keller	100	Palm Lane	"

Christine Opolka	600	Mesquite, Apt. C

Violette F. Kunmell	503	N. 7th	Clerk

Lois Taylor	234	N. 5th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #26	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Vona Bennett	1321 Franklin	Insp. #1

Dorothy L. Riley	1325	Norman	Insp.

Leanna Chadwick	1610	S. 13th

Florence Haines	1315	Griffith	Clerk

Virginia Reber	1310	Jessica

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Curtis M. Eggers	1324 S. 13th	Insp.

Lura Hazel Hardy	1505 Maryland Parkway

Edna Abercrombie	1605 Maryland Parkway

Violet Graf	1613 Chapman Drive	Clerk

Christina Smith	1321 Wengert	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #27	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Lucmna Waite	1021 Griffith	Insp.#l

Mary R. McDorman	1106 Francis	Insp.

Audrey Wickman	1047 Oakey	"

Gertrude Lipsky	1413 Sweeney	Clerk

Grace M. Tuggle	1071 Oakey	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Phyllis Tilley	1031 Sweeney	Insp.

Frances Keas	1020 Franklin	"

Rilda B. Dattge	1011 Bracken	"

Muriel P. Hammond	1048 Franklin	Clerk

Edna Horsley	1047 Griffith	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #28	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Ardy K. Berkabile	1620 E. Lewis	Insp.#l

Elizabeth Cooper	203 Earl	Insp.

Nancy E. Mealio	244 Spencer	"

Janet L. Adams	244 Earl	Clerk

Mattie Giasson	222 S. Bruce	Clerk *

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Myrtle Gifford	2105 Franklin	Insp.

Ann M.Hunt	1729 Lewis	"

Thalia Dondero	258 S. 17th	"

Martha Dawson	228 Spencer	Clerk

Zelma L. Leavitt	248 Spencer	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #29	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Grethel Gillam	1900 Ogden	Insp.#l

Anne C. Bennett	225	N. 20th	Insp.

Mabel Anderson	109 N. 20th	"

Alma Conklin	124 N. l8th	Clerk

Ann D. Van Patten	1619 Harley Way	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Shirley Jewell	135 N. Bruce	Insp.

Gladys A. Slaughter	l4l N. Bruce	"

Elizabeth Pardaffy	6l0 Bell Dr.	"

Ardath C. Garland	145 N. Bruce	Clerk

Ruth I. Bohn	212 N. 17th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #30A	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Ora Lee Crisp	602 Madison	Insp.#l

Wilbert Harris	515 Monroe	"

Olivia Brown	216 Madison	"

Robert Lee Ellison	610 Monroe	Clerk

Therma L. Pamplin	4l4 Madison	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Jeanette Richardson	4l4 Madison	Insp.

Bertha Tipton	4l4 Madison	"

Eliza J. Junior	516 Monroe	"

Nathan Scott	218 Madison	Clerk

James Dunn	1305 F	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #30B	VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (DAY AND NIGHT)

Bessie Robinson	1104 Freeman	Insp. #1

Oscar J. Roper	Box 2025	Insp.

Alberta B. Hanks	404 Madison	Insp.

Dorothy Katherine Banks	609 Monroe	Clerk

Florence Phillips	217 Jackson	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #31	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Mary L. Goddard	200 Chicago	Insp. #1

Estell Story	1920 Fairfield	Insp.

Erma A. Besso	1515 South A	"

Jane Howes	105 Chicago	Clerk

Melba Kennedy	1900 Fairfield	?

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Emily E. Johnson	214 New York	Insp.

Freeman Wallace Johnson	214 New York	"

Ethel McCarthy		1806 Fairfield	"

Ray Killingsworth	1802 S. Main	Clerk

Roxie Copenhaver	2205 Paradise Rd.	"
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #32	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Emma C. Coleman	608 Jackson	Insp. #1

Atha Tolliver	212 George Place	Insp.

Louise Leggroan	127 Van Buren	"

Ida Kellough	505 Harrison	Clerk

Bernard F. Polk	1511 D	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Alonza Jones	313 Harrison	Insp.

Earl Boots	166$	Cadillac Lane	"

Dorothy King	164$	Cadillac Lane	"

Cecile S. Mason	706 W. Jackson	Clerk

Verna Ware	516 Leonard	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #33	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Mabel K. Clapham	1234	Chapman Drive	Insp.#l

Sylvania McQuade	1208	Chapman Drive	Insp.

Karen Olina Powell	l6l6	Chapman Drive	"

Donna Burgess	1119 S. l6th	Clerk

Henrietta W.Herrstein	1800 Wengert	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

John D. Harrington	1813 Franklin	Insp.

Virginia S. Carey	1415	S. 15th	"

Hazel Carter	1623	Thelma Lane	"

Dorothy H. Kelsey	1510 Bracken	Clerk

Esther Warner	2000 Hassett	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #34	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Verena Hermenjat	1110	W. Bonanza	Insp.#l

Otis C. Wynne	1110	W. Bonanza	Insp.

Ollie Mae Blackwell	l6l6 J	"

Bertha Key	915 Morgan	Clerk

Linnie Cord		700 Sunny Place	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Peggy Joyce Smith	1664 North J	Insp.

Annette McCarthy	1110 W. Bonanza	"

Helma Davis	1110 W. Bonanza	"

Claude H. Parons	1113 Freeman	Clerk

Verna Lee Wright	803 W. Washington	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #35	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Sheila Dedericks	1817 Linden	Insp.#l

Ada F. Goebel	1904 Linden	Insp.

Laura M. Hendricks	1709 Walnut	"

Juanita R.Murphy	1$01 Linden	Clerk

Harold Sedlmyer	2401 E. McWilliams	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Ada IoneSutton	2005 Walnut	Insp.

Ethel R. Belden	1904 Linden	"

Sylvia B. Avertt	709 N. l8th-Mail:l905 Linden	"

Mary E. Blakeman	2005 Marlin	Clerk

Jeanette M. Norton	1921 Walnut	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #36	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Elaine Gordon	505 N. 12th	Insp.#l

Grace M. Theison	417 N. 12th	Insp.

Audrey Chambers	381 N. 13th	"

Arvilla J. Jensen	1720 Cherry Lane	Clerk

Ruth J. Lang	508 N. 12th	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Jane Black	120$ Marlin	Insp.

Leora Orrock	508 N. 11th	Insp.

Minnie M. Harvey	1034 Mesquite	"

Dee S.Lang	508 N. 12th	Clerk

Gwenn Farrell	635 N. 10th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #37	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Theresa P. Rather	3000 W. Pinto Lane	Insp.#l

Clariece Craner	2400 W. Charleston	Insp.

Wilma Titus	824 Shetland	"

Annie E. Daughterty	810 Shetland	Clerk

Lottie Wollenzien	820 Lacy Lane	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Helen G. Failing	3000 W. Arabian	Insp.

Irene Potter	8l4 Kenny Way	"

Winifred C. Allen	3264 W. Charleston	"

Jean Bond	2$06 Pinto Lane	Clerk

Ella L. Brown	1823 Pinto Lane	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #38	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Adeline Hatch	336 Arnold	Insp.#l

Anne L. Steward	P.O.Box 1444	Insp.

Elizabeth Doherty	Box l6l4 (U.P. Residence)	"

Vivian Maloney	911	Rose	Clerk

Rebecca S. Peterson	600	S. Tonopah Dr.	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Glad M. Ward	801	Rose	Insp.

Barbara Jane Palipkonich	905	Shadow	"

Elizabeth R.Hartwell	l604	Hastings	"

Darlene Poulis	1700 Bearden	       Clerk

Ellen Wright	905	Rose	"
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #39	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

LeOra A. Pershall	1817 Stewart	Insp.#l

Olga T. McLean	2316	Elm	Insp.

William McLean	2316	Elm	Insp.

Daisy Fitzgerald	2417	Elm	Clerk

Elizabeth Galloway	2110	Marlin	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Madeline F. Hale		1815 Elm		Insp.

Eileen Carson	2417	Elm	"

Ivan Carson	2417	Elm	"

Mable Reeves	2222	Marlin	Clerk

Geraldine Scott	2201	Santa Ynez	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #40	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

La Voun H. Young	674 Oakey	Insp.#l

Irene Still	1607	Rexford Place	Insp.

Etta D. Goot	953	Barbara Way	Insp.

Mildred Cook	1324	Jessica	Clerk

May C. Swanson	1315	Jessica

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Mary M. Mitchell	1704	S. 9th	Insp.

Nellie Swanson	2312	Santa Rita	"

Ad Bartlett	1122	Chapman	"

Marguerite Ence	1700	S. 9th	Clerk

Nadine Ronnow	1820	S. 10th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #4l	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Connie Bethel Cameron	1913	Franklin	Insp.#l

AliceB. Turner	 2004 Ballard Drive	Insp.

Mabel E. Young	2041 Ballard Drive	"

Virginia Rankin	2009 Franklin	Clerk

Wilma Lovass	2024 Ballard Drive	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Verona E. Foltz	2011 Ballard Drive	Insp.

Marjory B. Windle	1922 Ballard Drive	"

Bae Blair	1900 E. Charleston	"

Ruth Binswanger	2024 Houston	Clerk

Joan M. Diederich	2030 Peyton Drive	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #42	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Lelia M.Hardy	l404	Bridger	Insp.#l

Grace Howell	1412 Cholla Way	Insp.

Hazel Levon Adams	1609 Carson	"

Halen L. Angell	1401 Carson	Clerk

Laura H. Burlingame	404 S. l6th	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Dolores R.Hugh	4l4 S. 7th	Insp.

Ema C. Robinson	240 S. l6th	"

Belle C. Sacolick	l604 Lewis	"

Gladys Wilson	315 S. 15th	Clerk

Edna King	1413 Bridger	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #43	Voting BOARD (DAY)

Gloria Levine	1033 Howard	Insp.#l

Christine R.Seay	l040 Howard	Insp.

I1a Mae McDonald	1280 S. 8th Place	"

May E.Gibson	1264 S. 9th	Clerk

Linda J. Grist	4433 Kingswell Ave.	"

(COUNTING BOARD) NIGHT

Silver E. Kirch	1060 Oakey	Insp.

Lucille Killingsworth	1060 Hassett	"

Marcelle Strubelt	1077 Howard	"

Mae Ronnow	1801 S. 11th	Clerk

Pearl D. Grigsby	1028 Canosa	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #44	VOTING BOARD (BAY)

Madge E. Pace	1220	S. 10th	Insp.#l

Beatrice P.Thore 	1234 S. 10th	Insp.

Laura Bradley	  1504 S. 10th	"

Ida Chadbum	1230	S. 10th	Clerk

Myrtle Gerson	1240	S. 8th	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Merle T. Bunker	1250 S. 9h	Insp.

Irene C.Lane	1219 S. 9th	"

Clarence C.Lane	1219 S. 9th	"

Mae Diamond	211 S. 15th	Clerk

Ethel Matteucci	831 E. Park Paseo	C

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #45	VOTING BOARD (DAY)	

Elaine V.Pribble	205 N. 21st	Insp.#l

Ella Mae Cribbs	143 N. 21st	Insp.

Marguerite A.Jones	2100	Ogden	"

Virginia Jean Hand	432 N. 21st	Clerk

Pauline Stockton	2211	Ash Ave.	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Helen K. Moran	139 N. 21st	Insp.

Norma R.Cooper	137 Cervantes	"

Ethel L.Browning	2122 Stewart		"

R.L. Farnsworth	2409	Isabella	Clerk

Walter J.Grundy	2205	Berkley	"
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #46	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Mary P. Bulloch	228	Cincinnati	Insp.#3

Helen Krook	240	Cincinnati	Insp.

E.G. Wiley	1707 Fairfield	"

Anna May Kuzen	78l	E. Gass	Clerk

Alice C. Hamilton	231½ Cleveland	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Ellen F. Corbett	2201 Fairfield	Insp.

Jewell Phillips	127½ New York	"

John E. Hamilton	231½ Cleveland	"

Gladys T. Stephenson	2301 Fairfield	Clerk

Ada Cooper	225	Cleveland	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #47	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Lucinah T. Bledsoe	1520 Desert Lane	Insp.#1

Wallace W.Kingsley	1138 Westwood	Insp.

Dorothy A. Addison	1608 Ellis	"

June C. Burgess	1823 W.Charleston	Clerk

Marjorie H. Kunkel	1403 Westwood	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Julia De Armond	1129 Pahor Drive	Insp.

Tennys B. Mortenson	1721	Bannies Lane	"

Dorothy Nieder	2019 Bannies Lane	"

Maxine E. Reynolds	2020	Bannies Lane	Clerk

Jane Renis	1409 Birch	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #8	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Bert O'Donnell	2901 Ashby	Insp.#l

Guy Mathis	1112 Shadow	Isnp.

Marion L. Underhill	2915	Ashby	"

Barbara L.Hall	3020 Ashby	Clerk

Emilie, S. Ilchick	1200 Cashman Drive	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Virginia Moad	1230 Barnard	Insp.

Mae F. Nerger	1266 Cashman	"

Merry Hoopes	1307 Douglas	"

Elaine Elkins	1254 Cashman	Clerk

Virginia Lou Dane	2915 W. Charleston	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #49	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Evelyn R. Coniglio	2100	Santa	Rita Drive	Insp. #

Helen Tsouras	2012	Santa	Rita Drive	Insp.

Doris Navis	2112	Santa	Rita Drive	"

Marjorie Clements Duca	2105	Santa	Paula Drive	Clerk

Y.M. Marks	2412	Santa	Clara Drive	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Margie Clements Duca	2105	Santa Paula Drive	Insp.

Gladys S. Hardy	2000 Santa Rita	"

Evelyn L. Scharer	2210 Santa Clara	"

Marie Powers	2116 Paradise Rd.	Clerk

Marian S.Keele	1437 Wengert	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #50	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Myttle Douglas	2104 Walnut Ave.	Insp.#l

Paul Horn	2109	Cedar	Ave.	Insp.

Virginia P. Norton	2218	Cedar	Ave.	"

Edward S. Peterson	1900	E. Mesquite	Clerk

Erma Sutherland	2222	Cedar	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Lela E. Neagle	2103	Cedar	Insp.

Alice M. Banner	2223	Poplar	"

Beth Brower	2321	Cedar	"

Edith L. Van Patten	2105 Cedar	Clerk

Helen Askew	2214 Cedar	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #51	VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (DAY AND NIGHT)

Edith S. Sprague	2514 Sunrise Ave.	Insp.#l

Alma I. Gibson	510	N. 28th	Insp.

Ellen E. Butler	2520	Sunrise	Insp.

Margaret C. Biel	2502 Sunrise	Clerk

Dixie Rose McQueen	2508 Sunrise	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #52	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Betty C. Kump	1105 Orange	Insp.#l

Vivian Henrie	1207	Orange	Insp.

Rita Bent	1101	Orange	"

Myrtle E. Cunningham	910	Baker	Clerk

Nadine R. Donovan	3207	Elmwood	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Marie E. Schamaun	3107	Arrow Place	Insp.

Charlsey Thompson	1216	Purple Sage	"

Arleen Farr	3209	Turquoise	Rd.	"

Joyce Salisbury	3304	Turquoise	Clerk

Evelyn N. Gray	3205	Turquoise	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #53	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Peggy Holley	2309	Howard	Insp. #1

Virginia Alldredge	2605	Howard	Insp.

Anna A. Pannell	2313	Howard	"

Florence I. Dunn	l6l4	S. 13th	Clerk

Eleanor Lurie	2005	Hassett	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Viola Clark	2220	E. Oakey	Insp.

Hazel Loan	2233	E. Pacific	"

Marie Hall Tripler	1505	Maryland	Parkway :Mail 1244 S.

10th	Insp.

Merle Terry	1704	Pacific	Clerk

Velma H. Coady	1301	Franklin	"
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #54	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Phyllis M. Knox	412	N.	l6th	Insp. #1

Edna L. Van Arnam	392	N.	l6th	Insp.

Mary E. Atkin	357	W.	l6th

Pauline Scott	338	N.	l6th	Clerk

Irma Weatherford	394	N.	l6th

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Mary G. Mason	501	N.	15th	Insp.

Stewart G. Smith	367	N.	15th

Dorothy M. Brown	413 N. Bruce

Phyllis A. Clark	393	N.	l6th	Clerk

Caroline Van Horn	1314 Norman	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #55	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Arthur A. Thomas	4200 W. Charleston	Insp.	#1

Ruby C. Nawratil	4406 Cory Place	Insp.

Elizabeth Carroll	4419 Kay Place

Audrey Atkinson	44l8 W. Charleston	Clerk

Aileen Strader	4319 Cory Place	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Carolyn M. Miller	1025 Bedford Rd.	Insp.

Wanda Trent	4224 Dover Pl.

George Ferris	4531 Cory Place

Pauline Ferris	4531 Cory Place	Clerk

Vera 1. Brackin	1018 Bedford Rd.

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 56          VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD

Jewell Culley Morgenstern	1022 S. 2nd	Insp.#l

Esther Ray	812 S. 2nd	Insp.

Lima Evans	915 S. 1st

Myrtle Baker	918 S. 3rd	Clerk

Elora R. Clark	923 S. 2nd	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #57	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Bernice A. Cawley	8l4 Bridger	Insp.#l

Melva S. Eyre	214 S. 8th	Insp.

M.Lucile Haddock	209 N. 4th	"

Catherine Kistler	902 Bridger	Clerk

Susie M. Schmidt	210 S. 8th

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Barbara Lamar Gates	207½ S. 7th	Insp.

Hazel M. Juhl	219 S. 9th	"

Letta Van Wert	126 S. 8th	"

G.C. Gansl	221 S. 7th	Clerk

Ellsworth W. Miller	715 Carson	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 58-A        VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Nancy H. Tupper	5612 Heron	Insp.#l

Florence Bradford	5825 Evergreen Ave.	Insp.

Dorothy L. Gates	5900 Evergreen

Grace Montesano	4325 Evergreen	Clerk

Jessie Stands	5601 Heron	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Maxine Rovere	5308 Easy Circle	Insp.

Helen W. Clark	5309 Easy Circle	"

Patricia P. Christofferson	5516 Idle Ave.	"

Beth Gibbons	509 Falcon Lane	Clerk

Martha Ahem	713 Upland	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #58-B           VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Ruth O'Donnell	5600 Heron	Insp.#l

Marcelino G.Ozuna	5530 Gypsy Ave.	Insp.

Jessie May Emmett	5504 Heron	"

Nancy Schultz	5504 Evergreen	Clerk

Irene Hall	700 Mallard	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Myra Perkes	604 Berry Circle	Insp.

Mildred R. Rodkey	5413 Gypsy Ave.	"

Lucile E. Nyberg	5516 Flower Circle

Margaret Walker	5321 Gypsy Avenue	Clerk

Ivene Reber	4206 W. Charleston	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT #59	VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Lucile Dominque	1334 Atlantic	Insp.	#1

Maxine Gates	1505 Ardmore	Insp.

Arthur P. Mayer, Sr.	311 N. l6th	"

Jean Tabeek	229 N. 20th	Clerk

Jean Egan	2124 Wengert	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Myrtle A. Sellman	1334 Eastwood	Insp.

Mary C. Stanley	2128 Wengert	"

Mary V. Stuart	2124 Franklin	"

Shawnee Stewart	1737 E. St. Louis	Clerk

Claire M. Dase	1929 Franklin	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 60-A        VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Leon Carter	211 Jefferson	Insp.#l

Lillian McLemore	l6l6 G	Insp.

Rosa M. Stevens	501 Byrnes	"

Anna Louise Bailey	1302 Wyatt	Clerk

Henrietta Chandler	1300 Wyatt	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Rose M. Daniels	1601 North A	Insp.

Charles Ottey	1601 North F	"

Tony Doram	1300 Wyatt	"

Willa Mae Ottey	1601 North F	Clerk

Sena May Harper	1107 North G	"
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 60B          VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Rufus T. McConnell	420	Harrison	Insp.	#1

Norma Helen Richardson	1643	G	Insp.

Obera Turmon	218	George	"

Velma Kellough	305	Paul	Clerk

Rose M. Daniels	1601 North A

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Velma Kellough	305 Paul	Insp.

Sylvester C. Fennell	223 George Pl	"

Rodelmas Bell	1631 North G	"

James Lee Snowden	1625 North G	Clerk

Corrine Graham	1768 North D	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 6l          VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Hazel Longo	l409	Sharon	Insp.	#1

Laura Shaffer	1920	W. Bonanza	Insp.

Viola Haygood	1718	Goldhill	"

June Murphy	1130	Virginia City	Clerk

Virginia R. Zobrist	1801	Ophir	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Mildred Leak	1905 W. Bonanza	Insp.

Venice W. Bunker	1726 W. Bonanza	"

Roberta Gaughan	1131 Comstock	"

John L. Seymour	1119 Comstock	Clerk

Eileen McCann	1800 Sutro Lane	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 62         VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Fern H. Hartsell	803	Dyke Lane	Insp. #1

Effie S. Keele	2221	W. Bonanza	Insp.

Nona L. Sholes	2221	W. Bonanza	"

Elizabeth Zimmer	1118	Ramona Circle	Clerk

Martha Broad	2107	W. Bonanza	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Mary E. Stevens	2110 W. Bonanza	Insp.

Rowena Warner	2223 W. Bonanza	"

Nona L. Sholes	2221 W. Bonanza	"

Fern H. Hartsell	803	Dyke Lane	Clerk

Rozette Pulsipher	708	Dyke "	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 63          VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Nellie F. Feour	3615 W. Charleston	Insp.	#1

Aline Johnson	1312 Melville Dr.	Insp.

Grace Laun	1134 Melville Dr.	"

Dorothy S. Yeager	3612 Westleigh	Clerk

Hildegard E. Domina	1201 Darmak	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Lois M. Denley	1267 Melville	Insp.

Richard L. Woods	1330 Darmak	"

Jeaneen Kahre	1336 Darmak	"

Willie Lambeth	1133	Darmak	Clerk

Margaret Lawler	900½ Rancho Circle	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 64         VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (DAY AND NIGHT)
Thelma Caton	2304 S. 6th	Insp .#1

Stella E. Reed	2019 Santa Rita	Insp.

Bonnie Jane O'Connor	2007 Van Patten Pl.	"

Artie M. Allen	2220 Santa Ynez	Clerk

Dorothy B. Amaru	2212 Santa Ynez	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 65          VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Agness T. Hile	1301 Maryland Pkwy	Insp. #1

Myrtle L. Shelley	2033	Griffith	Insp.

Pat Woodruff	2025	Peyton	"

E. Virginia Reynolds	1605 Pacific	Clerk

Beverly D. Trice	1400 Ardmore	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Dorothy L. Warren	2012 Bracken	Insp.

Katherine Farmow	1927 Peyton	"

Thora B. Darling	1904 Sweeney	"

Shirley L. Shortslieve	2404 Canosa	Clerk

Betty Lough	1203 S. l6th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 66          VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Alice M. Ladd	1223	Exley	Insp.

Agnes Rothschild	1423	Exley	Insp. #l

Rose Nordhagen	1812	Weldon Pl.	Insp.

Alma McCombs	1217	Exley	Clerk

Helen M. Brown	624	N. l6th	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Alice M. Ladd	1223	Exley	Insp.

Betty Brownstien	1215	Phillips	"

Alma McCombs	1219	Exley	"

Jean Wolf	812	Bonita	Clerk

Dorothy Nielsen	201	S. 19th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 67          VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (DAY AND NIGHT)
Hazel W. Jarnovich	1633 E. San Francisco	Insp.

B. Jeanne Norman	Box 2092	"

Anna L. Fayle	1301 S. 7th	Insp.#l

Yvonne L. Bartlett	1212 S. 9th	Clerk

Doris Sellman	1612 S. 6th	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 68          VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (DAY AND NIGHT)

Sara Feldman	1707	Santa Paula	Insp.

Gladys Louque	524	Maryland	Pkwy	Insp.#l

Nora Arnold	1061	Bracken	Insp.

Beverly Johnson	1733	Howard	Clerk

Georgia Butterfield	1415	Francis	"
LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 69          VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Margaret Lawson	1108 0range	Insp.#l

Nan Brown	1329	Silverlake Dr.	Insp.

Verla Underwood	1113	Date	"

Esther Arnold	800	Pyramid	Clerk

Ruth Barozzi	1324	Barnard Dr.

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Ruth E.Hazard	900	Baker	Insp.

Clara Iddings	1012	Pyramid	"

Mildred W.Workman	3025	Turquoise	"

Jean E.Martin	1013	Vernon	Clerk

Leda Ann Mathis	3208	W.Washington	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 70          VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Janet Kressler	1741	Howard	Insp.#l

Violet Gagliardo	1701	Howard	Insp.

Dorothy Ann Anhaltzer	1737	Hassett	"

Helen A. Heimberg	1736	Howard	Clerk

Anne L. Pink	1809 E. St. Louis

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Rex De Noir Howard	l4l8 Wengert	Insp.

Billie Lee Scholfield	1740 Howard	"

James Wm. Schofield	1740 Howard	"

Ima. L. Fallman	l80l Hassett	Clerk

Arthur Amhaltzer	1731	Hassett	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 71          VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Dorothy M.S. Bell	1905 Hassett	Insp.#l

A.C. Davis	1912	Howard	Insp.

Barbara Fields	1933	Hassett	"

Ora McDonald	2017	Hassett	Clerk

Clella M. Keckler	2016	Hassett	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Margaret R. Hart	2001	Howard	Insp.

Ollie Kelley	2012	Howard	"

Jeanette Purcell	2005	Howard	"

Sylvia E. Solomon	2012	Hassett	Clerk

LaVerne C. Davis	1912	Howard	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 72          VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Edna M. Brown	4717	Evergreen Pl.	Insp.#l

Leon O. Kinder	4325	Alpine Pl.	Insp.

Agnes V. Lloyd	911	Essex Dr. East	"

Gladys Jayne Obney	906	Essex Dr. East	Clerk

Bernice Benjamin	4200 Garden Pl.

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Mildred E. Kinder	4325	Alpine	Insp.

Lois K. Rodman	4913	Garden Pl.	"

Gladys Jane Obney	906	Essex Dr. East	"

Georgia Hall	4206	Evergreen	Clerk

Maxine A. Ramos	4625	Lorna Pl.	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 73         VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Blanche E. Barker	4619	Loma Pl	Insp. #1

Georgia D. Clark	525	Decatur Blvd.	Insp.

Victoria Goodharris	419	Decatur Blvd.

Beverly Hughes	901	East Essex Drive	Clerk

Carmen Byrd	4218	Garden Pl.	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Joseph Mast	4218	Fulton Pl.	Insp.

Jane Ubhaus	4300	Dover PI.	"

Georgia C. Wilbur	4700	Hayes PI	"

Jeanette C. McDonnell	4619	Garden Pl.	Clerk

Marion Mleczko	4725	Loma Pl.	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 74           VOTING BOARD (DAY)

Helen I. Adams	4212	Hayes Pl.	Insp. #1

Kathryn F.Black	732	Bedford	Insp.

Phyllis Huerkamp	4330	Kay Pl	"

Rose Tanner	4312	Hayes Pl.	Clerk

Della Combs	4330	Hayes Pl.	"

COUNTING BOARD (NIGHT)

Marion Prout	4325	Hayes Pl.	Insp.

Ashley Turner Rice	4325	Fulton Pl.	"

Velma Brooks	4217	Baxter Pl.	"

Carolyn Miniard	1020	Bedford	Clerk

Kathryn A. Williams	507	Bedford	"

LAS VEGAS PRECINCT NO. 79          VOTING AND COUNTING BOARD (DAY AND NIGHT)

Ida Mae Roby	317	Yale	Insp. #1

Grace Larsen	900	Essex Dr. East	Insp.

Thelda J. Foltz	705 Stanford	Insp.

Sarah Ritsko	500	Stanford	Clerk

Delores Home	425	Minnesota	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner Bunker moved
this meeting adjourn at the hour of 8:55 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

3-20-57
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	Date:	March 27, 1957

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be
held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 27th day of March, 1957; at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to con-
sider the following matters:

1.	Hyde Park Circle Improvement - Award and rejection of bids

2.	Revocation of Gaming License - Tom Rolofson

3.	Resolution of Commendation - Gerald Stewart

4.	Water District Representative

5. Resolution of Commendation - Robert W. Notti

6. Southern Nevada Industrial Foundation - Appointment of Representatives
7. City Elections - Pay for workers and publication of registered voters.

s/s C.D. BAKER

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and

A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R.F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney, of
the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a
special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the
Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 27th day of March, 1957, at the hour of 4:00
P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Hyde Park Circle Improvement - Award and rejection of bids

2.	Revocation of Gaming License - Tom Rolofson

3.	Resolution of Commendation - Gerald Stewart

4.	Water District Representatives

5.	Resolution of Commendation - Robert W. Notti

6.	Southern Nevada Industrial Foundation - Appointment of Representatives

7.	City Elections - Pay for workers and publication of registered voters.

s/ SHIRLEY LODWICK

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City Attorney of
the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

s/	C.D. BAKER	s/	A.H. KENNEDY

s/	HARRIS P. SHARP	s/	R.F. BOOS

s/	REED WHIPPLE	s/	RALSTON O. HAWKINS

s/ WENDELL BUNKER

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 27, 1957

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 27th day of March, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	R.F. Boos

City Engineer	George E.Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer George E. Wade reported to the Commission that Bid No. 57.8 for the land-
scaping and improvement of Hyde Park Circle had been analyzed and he was ready to report
at this time. Mr. Wade stated that the only bid received, that of Goto Landscaping &
Nursery Co., was incomplete in that there was no bid on sidewalks, the drinking foun-
tains, curbs and gravel.

The City Engineer further reported that he had contacted contractors other than land-
scaping contractors and firms and had negotiated bids as requested by the Commission
on March 20, 1957. Mr. Wade advised the Board that the negotiated bids had been re-
ceived, and it was his recommendation that each portion of the proposed improvement
of Hyde Park Circle be awarded to separate contractors.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bid of Goto Landscaping & Nursery Co. on Bid No.

57.8 in the total amount of $10,735.00 be rejected since it was incomplete.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the bid of Nevada Lawn and Irrigation Co. on Bid No. 57.7,

Part B, for the installation of the sprinkler system in Hyde Park Circle in the total
amount of $11,334.09 be accepted, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the con-
  tract.

3-27-57

HYDE PARK CIRCLE
Improvement
Bid No. 57.8



BID NO. 57.7-B
Hyde Park Sprinkler
System - Awarded
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Fountain.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission the following negotiated bids had been re-
ceived for the concrete work in Hyde Park Circle, which includes the sidewalk, curb
and gravel:

MCCOLLEY & KRAFT	$3827.00	(No gravel)

STOCKS MILL & SUPPLY	4068.00

OKLA B. DYE	3701.00

E.M. KAUFIELD & SON	3399.10

Mr. Wade recommended that the low bid of E.M. Kaufield & Son be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the concrete work for Hyde Park Circle, to include
the sidewalks, curbs and gravel be awarded to the low bidder, E.M. Kaufield and Son
in the total amount of $3,399.10.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Fountain.

The City Engineer reported that bids for blow sand had been received. He advised the
Commission that approximately 2200 cubic yards was required for this improvement. Mr.
Wade stated the bids received were as follows:

O'Connor's	  $3.27 per cubic yard

Custom Landscaping	2.25	"	"	"

Garden Center	5.75	"	"

Wells-Cargo	1.00	"	"	"

Las Vegas Landscaping	2.8l	"

Commissioner Whipple moved that the blow sand for Hyde Park Circle be awarded to the
low bidder, Wells Cargo, Inc., the same being 2200 cubic yards @ 1.00 per cubic yard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Mr. Wade reported that the grass seed required for the improvement of Hyde Park Circle
was as follows:

2066# of Alta Fescue
1652# of Perennial Rye
4l3# of Bermuda

The City Engineer stated that the following firms had submitted proposals for seed:

Total Bid

GARDEN CENTER	$954.92

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	828.28

Commissioner Sharp moved the bid of Clark County Wholesale for grass seed for the im-
provement of Hyde Park Circle in the total amount of $828.28 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commis-
sioner Fountain.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that two bids had been negotiated for the
fertilizer for Hyde Park Circle, and were as follows:

GARDEN CENTER	$ 6.50 per cubic yard, steer manure

62.00 per ton, fertilizer

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	4.95 per cubic yard, steer manure

57.00 per ton, fertilizer

Commissioner Bunker moved the bid of Clark County Wholesale for approximately four (4)
tons of manure @57.00 per ton or a total of $228.00 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

At this time Assistant City Ralston Hawkins arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved that pay for the election workers and poll guards for the
Primary and General Municipal. Elections on May 7th and June 4th, 1957 he in accordance
with the State law governing elections.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a list of the registered voters be published prior to
the Primary Municipal Election on May 7, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the escrow instructions, the
agreement and the deed conveying five acres of City property at te Old Ranch to the
Eagles Lodge.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker not voting. Absent:

Commissioner Fountain.

Hyde Park Circle
Concrete Work

Blowsand
Grass Seed

Fertilizer



ELECTION WORKERS

PAY



LIST OF REGISTERED
VOTERS

To be Published

SALE OF CITY PROPERTY
Eagles Lodge
City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Tom Rolofson, slot machine operator,
had given a check to the City for slot machine licenses which had. been returned by
the bank. Mr. Kennedy further reported that Mr. Rolofson had been contacted by the
License Department and advised of this fact, but had not made satisfactory disposition
of the matter.

Commissioner Whipple moved the gaming licenses issued to Tom Rolofson at the Clark
Dairy, Cut Rate Liquor Store, Hamburger Heaven, and Town Tavern be revoked., effective
March 28, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution commending Gerald Stewart for his
service as chairman of the Planning Commission for the City of Las Vegas, be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, GERALD K. STEWART, has served on the Regional Planning Commission of
Clark County, and as Chairman of the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
since August 24, 1953; and

WHEREAS, his service on the Board of these Commissions has demonstrated his ability
and desire to be of public service to his community; and

WHEREAS, the serving on such Board is many times a thankless duty and is one which
is of tremendous responsibility and importance; and

WHEREAS, GERALD STEWART has submitted his resignation from the City Planning
Commission; and

WHEREAS, such resignation has been regretfully accepted by the Board of Commis-
sioners ; and

WHEREAS, his past services on the Planning Commission is worthy of public notice,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a meeting thereof held on the 27th day of March, 1957 that said City,
by this resolution, expresses its gratitude and appreciation to GERALD K. STEWART for
his untiring efforts in the development of a firm Planning and Zoning Program for
the expansion and growth of the City of Las Vegas and for his unselfish and untiring
efforts in helping to insure to the citizens of Las Vegas a better community in
which to live.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed to
spread a copy of this resolution on the Minutes of the Books of the said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
send a copy of this resolution to Mr. Gerald K. Stewart.

APPROVED this 27th day of March, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Mayor Baker stated that he thought the City should be represented at the Water District
hearings be someone from the Engineering Department and the City Attorney's office, in
addition to Commissioner Fountain who represents the Commission. Mayor Baker ex-
plained that it was his opinion that these representatives of the City could attend
the meetings and make a study of the situation so the public can be advised. He
further stated that he felt the Citys' representatives could work in conjunction with
North Las Vegas and Henderson to develop better cooperation with the Water District.

Commissioner Bunker moved that City Engineer George E. Wade and Assistant City Attorney
Ralston O. Hawkins be appointed to represent the City at meetings with the Water Dis-
trict.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved that an appropriate resolution commending Robert W.Notti for
his efforts in getting the City's legislation passed at the 1957 session of the Nevada
State Legislature be prepared, made a part of the minutes of this Commission, and filed
in Mr. Notti's personnel record.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, during the recent session of the Nevada Legislature several important
bills affecting the future of the City of Las Vegas were introduced; and

WHEREAS, some of these bills met unexpected opposition from certain members of
the Legislature; and

WHEREAS, it was necessary in the interest of the future of Las Vegas that someone
be present at the Legislature representing the interests of the City; and

WHEREAS, ROBERT NOTTI was delegated the Responsibility of looking after the in-
terests of the City during the closing days of the session; and

WHEREAS, he did an outstanding job and one worthy of official recognition by
this Board,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a meeting thereof held on the 27th day of March, 1957 that said City, by this
Resolution expresses its gratitude and appreciation for a job well done to ROBERT NOTTI
for his efforts in securing the passage of vital legislation for the City of Las
Vegas at the 48th session of the Nevada legislature.

3-27-57

REVOCATION OF LICENSE
Tom Rolofson

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION
Gerald Stewart

WATER DISTRICT
MEETINGS

City Representation



RESOLUTION OF COMMENDA-
TION

Robert W.Notti
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed
to spread a copy of this Resolution on the minutes of the Books of the said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to send a copy of this Resolution to Mr. Robert Notti.

APPROVED this 27th day of March, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Commissioners Bunker and Sharp be appointed as repre-
sentatives of the City to the Southern Nevada Industrial Foundation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

There being no further business to came before this special meeting, Commissioner Whipple
moved the meeting adjourn at the hour of 4:45 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

3-27-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 3, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 3rd day of April, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 4:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioners	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Ast. City Atty.	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Whipple moved that the meeting time for the regular meeting of the Board
of Commissioners for April 3, 1957 be changed from 7:30 P.M. to 4:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that additional time on the proposed Plumbing Ordinance,
Electrical Ordinance and Warm Air Heating Ordinance be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
concerning the licensing of astrologers and persons in similar occupations, asked for
additional time before reporting.

The Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition
of Werner and Berteen Wyler for the vacation of 2' on Hinkle Drive and 25th Street be ap-
proved.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing be held on this petition for vacation on
May 8, 1957 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Consideration was given to the appeal filed by Doris E. Brown of the denial of her appli-
cation for rezoning of the East 50 feet of Lots 1 through 4, Block 27, Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite (Southeast comer of 3rd and Lewis) from R-4 to C-1.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a public hearing be held on this appeal of the denial of
the application for rezoning of the East 50 feet of Lots 1 through 4, Block 27, CLVT from
R-4 to C-1 on April 17, 1957 at the hour of 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

4-3-57-Regular

SOUTHERN NEVADA
INDUSTRIAL FOUNDATION
Representatives
Appointed

CHANGE OF COMMISSION
MEETING TIME

PROPOSED ORDINANCES
Plumbing
Electrical
Warm Air Heating

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Fortune Telling and
Astrology

VACATION OF STREET -
Public Hearing Set -
Hinkle Drive

REZONING - Z-2-57
Doris E. Brown
Appeal of Denial
Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Paul H. Seitz for license as a slot
machine operator and a gaming license for 6 slot machines at Tip's Charcoal Broiler,

506 Fremont Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Earl H. Roberts for license for one Poker
at the Golden Gate, 1 Fremont Street be approved subject to the condition that Mr.

Roberts be advised that this license is not transferable from this location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Jack H. Davies for 2% interest in the Fre-
mont Hotel gaming license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Eslie O. Dobbins for a Restaurant Beverage
license at the Black Hawk Restaurant, 1300 North C Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

 Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Faye W. Wilson for a Restaurant Beverage li-
cense for the Desert Snack Bar, 222 North Main Street, formerly issued to LeRoy Boger, be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for permits for charitable solicitation
permits, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board be approved, and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

  FRONTIER COUNCIL FOR GIRL SCOUTS

 ALPHA EPSILON CHAPTER OF SIGMA ALPHA INTERNAT'L SORORITY
AMERICAN WAR MOTHERS
VENTURE CLUB OF LAS VEGAS

ST. THERESA'S GUILD, ST. CHRISTOPHER'S CHURCH
 LAS VEGAS CHAPTER OF THE NINETY-NINES
 EXECUTIVE SECRETARIES INC.

 ST. ANN'S MOTHERS' CLUB
 B'NAI B'RITH WOMEN OF LAS VEGAS

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Emblem Club for a charitable solicita-
tion permit to hold a fashion show on May 4, 1957 be approved, subject to the approval
of the Solicitations Review Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

At this time City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 7023 to 7569 in the net amount of
$75;960.46 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Consideration was given to the claim of Anne N. Powell for damages caused to her property
from the drainage from the disposal plant. The Commission was advised that the original
claim of Mrs. Powell in the amount of $16,000.00 had been denied on October 3, 1956, and
this claim was for an additional $1,500.00 from the 15th of October, 1956 to March 19,

1957 when said claim was filed with the City Clerk.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Anne N. Powell in the total amount of $17,500.00 be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy presented the Civil Service meritorious increases approved by the
Board of Civil Service Trustees, and recommended their approval.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following meritorious salary increases be approved as recom-
mended :

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Paul H. Seitz

Earl H. Roberts

Golden Gate

Jack H. Davies
Fremont Hotel



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Eslie O. Dobbins

Faye W. Wilson

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Anne N. Powell
Denied

MERITORIOUS SALARY
INCREASES
NAME	DEPARTMENT	STEP TO STEP SCHEDULE DOLLARS

Alexander, Alvin, G.	Building	2-3	25	403-426

Elder, Henry T.	"	2-3	25	403-426

Markel, Emmor	"	4-5	25	450-476

Kellough, Sidney	City	Hall	5-#(6day wk)        15	273-288

Jensen, Leland	Engineering	1-2	26	403-426

Smee, Melvin R. Jr.	"	1-2	26	403-426

Pratt, George M.	"	1-2	27	426-450

Mickelson, Leroy	"	2-3	24	381-403

Smith, Frank	"	2-3	28	476-503

Foster, Minnie	Finance	3-4	17	273-288

Whitman, Zelda	"	2-3	20	304-322

Van Den Broek, Edmund	Fire	4-5	25	450-476

Billings, George E.	"	4-5	23	403-426

Cooper, Samuel	"	4-5	23	403-426

Moore, Richard	"	3-4	23	381-403

Turner, Travis	"	3-4	23	381-403

Edwards, James C. Sr.	Golf	Course	3-4	20	322-341

Ericksten, Reed	Maintenance	4-5	23	403-426

Dailey, Andrew	Park	4-5	17	288-305

Harden, John	"	3-4	17	273-288

Gould, William S.	Cemetery	4-5	17	288-304

Arlin, James	Police	2-3	24	38l-403

Balle, Laree	"	2-3	19	288-305

Behrman, Robert E.	"	4-5	24	426-450

Cline, Ruth	"	2-3	19	288-305

Devlin, Daniel J.	"	3-4	24	403-426

Dillman, Jean	"	2-3	19	288-305

Gullo, Larry J.	"	4-5	24	426-450

Hirsch, Robert L.	"	4-5	24	426-450

Hughes, Hugh	"	3-4	24	403-426

Kremenek, Vera Lee	"	2-3	19	288-305

Mazucca, Alfred	"	2-3	24	381-403

Plunkett, Annabelle	"	2-3	23	360-381

Baynes, William J.	Recreation	4-5	24	426-450

Wittwer, Laurel	"	3-4	17	273-288

Polk, Bernard	Sanitation	3-4	20	322-341

Tullock, Donald	"	3-4	20	322-341

Evans, Willis	Garage	5-#(nightwork)      19	341-360

Goodrich, Harold	Street	3-4	19	305-322

Morgan, Jesse	"	4-5	17	288-305

Hunt, Charlie	"	4-5	22	381-403

Prudhomme,Joseph	"	5-#(nightwork)      17	305-322

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy reported to the Commission that Vegas Transit Co. had requested
to settle the claim the City has against them for damages to a fire truck at 5th and
Stewart on March 12, 1954. Mr. Kennedy stated that on March 6, 1957 the Commission
had authorized the City Attorney to file a suit in the amount of $900.00, which covered
damages to the truck in the amount of $500.00 and other costs. Mr. Kennedy further
stated that Vegas Transit Co. had offered to pay the cost of the damages to the fire
equipment in the amount of $500.00 and that Fire Chief Gates recommended this amount
be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation be accepted and that the suit against Vegas
Transit Co. be dismissed and the settlement of $500.00 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, and His Honor and Commissioner Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy advised the Commission that Tom Rolofson, slot machine operator
had paid his license fees for slot machines at Clark Dairy, Cut Rate Liquor Store, Hamburger
Heaven and Town Tavern on March 28, 1957. The City Manager recommended that the Commis-
sion rescind their action of March 27, 1957 revoking Mr. Rolofson's gaming license.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the action of the Commission revoking Tom Rolofson's gaming
license of March 27, 1957 be rescinded and Mr. Rolofson's slot machine operator's license
reinstated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of the following requisitions for Purchase Orders:

1)	Purchase requisition to Douglas Oil Co. for road oil for Hinson Street in Hyde Park
in the amount of $1280.00.

2)	Purchase requisition to Douglas Oil Co. for road oil for Owens Avenue grade crossing
in the amount of $960.00.

3)	Purchase requisition to Douglas Oil Co. for road oil for the Rehabilitation Farm and
Sewer Plant road in the amount of $1320.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above listed requisitions be approved and purchase orders
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

DAMAGE TO FIRE
TRUCK

REVOCATION OF
LICENSE RESCINDED
Tom Rolofson



PURCHASE REQUISITION
Road Oil
Mr. Kennedy requested approval of a Work Order in the amount of $1200.00 to repair
and convert the existing building in Lions Club Park into a lawnmower repair shop.

Mr. Kennedy explained that at the present time this work is being done in a portion
of the Central. Swimming Pool and those quarters are too small besides being incon-
venient .

Commissioner Sharp moved that a Work Order in the amount of $1200.00 for the repair
and conversion of the building in Lions Club Park into a lawnmower repair shpp be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

The City Manager advised the Commission that three university students will be hired
shortly on a temporary basis to check door-to-door on delinquent dog licenses.

Consideration was given to the application of Edward D. Cramer for a secondhand dealer's
license at 219 North 1st Street, dba Eddie's Friendly Store. The Commission was advised
that this license was previously issued to E.M. Krabbenhoft doing business as Ernie's
Friendly Store at the same location. The Commission was further advised that the Police
Department had investigated this applicant and recommended that this license be issued.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Edward D. Cramer for a secondhand dealer's
license at 219 North 1st Street, Eddie's Friendly Store be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issued the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 10016 to 10192 inclusive
in the total amount of $207,213.18 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

At the hour of 5:00 P.M. Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting recess until 7:30 P.M.
of this date, April 3; 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

4-3-57 Regular

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 3, 1957

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
scheduled to be held this 3rd day of April, 1957 was called to order at the hour
of 7:30 P.M. by City Clerk Shirley Lodwick.

No action was taken on any matters pending before the Board of Commissioners due
to the fact there was not a quorum present, and the Clerk so announced. The Clerk
further announced that all matters scheduled at this time would be considered at
the next meeting on April 17, 1957.

Members present:	 City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Members Absent:	 Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

ATTEST: & APPROVED:

 City Clerk

LAWNMOWER REPAIR SHOP
Work Order Approved

DELINQUENT DOG
LICENSE FEES

SECONDHAND DEALERS
LICENSE

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

RECESS
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada

April 11, 1957

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby called
to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 11th day of April, 1957; at the hour
of l1:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Boulder Club Partnership Second Operation - Gaming and Liquor Licenses.

/s/ C. D. Baker
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, MAYOR AND to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners

and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker,
a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in
the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 11th day of April, 1957, at the hour
of 4:00 P.M., to consider the following matters:

1. Boulder Club Partnership Second Operation - Gaming and Liquor Licenses.

/s/ Shirley Lodwick
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/ C. D. Baker	/s/ Harris P. Sharp

/s/ Reed Whipple	/s/ E. W. Fountain

/s/ Wendell Bunker

Las Vegas,Nevada

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING	April 11, 1957

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 11th day of April, 1957 was called to order at the hour
of 4:00 P.M., by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of L. L. Hezzelwood, J. K.

Houssels, Sr., Milton Page, James Young and the Estate of P. J. Goumond
dba Boulder Club Partnership Second Operation for a gaming license for
104 slots, 3 Craps, 5 "21", 1 Roulette, 1 Faro, 1 Bridge, 2 Pan and 3
Poker be approved subject to approval of the State Tax Commission; and
the application of this partnership for a Tavern liquor license at 118
Fremont Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the
meeting adjourned at the hour of 4:20 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

LIQUOR & GAMING
LICENSES
Boulder Club


Las Vegas, Nevada
April 17, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 17th day of April, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M., by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the tentative map of Bonanza Terrace and
advised the Commission that this is a 6½ acre subdivision located between Washington,
Adams, J and N Streets. Mr. Bills stated that the proposed subdivision was approved
subject to the following conditions:

1.	Acquisition of sufficient additional property at the west end of the
subdivision (approximately 60 feet) to permit the dedication of a
prolongation of N Street between Washington and Adams as a 50 foot street.

2.	The vacation of M Street between Washington and Adams.

3.	Submission of a letter from the School District indicating that the Sub-
divider's obligation to the School District has been satisfied.

The representative of the Bonanza Terrace Subdivision was advised to check the City
Ordinance concerning the minimum square feet on buildings in this area.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and the tentative map of Bonanza Terrace approved subject to the conditions
set forth by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Bills presented the petition of Burley M. Jones for the vacation of M Street be-
tween Washington and Adams Streets and stated that this petition had been approved
by the Planning Commission subject to the dedication of N Street as indicated in
the recommendation on Bonanza Terrace Subdivision.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on the petition for the vacation of M
Street between Washington and Adams Streets, be held on May 22, 1957 at 8:00 P.M.
and the notice of said hearing posted as required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commis-
sion on the petition of Otis and Florence Harris for the vacation of the southerly
35 feet of the east lll.42 feet of the West l50.42 feet of the North 996.06 feet
of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28-20-61, generally described as a portion of
Jackson Avenue between N Street and Highland Avenue. Mr. Bills advised the Commission
that this petition had been approved by the Planning Commission as being in accord
with the general plan for this area, which recommends the closure of all cross-
streets connecting N Street with Highland Avenue between Owens and Washington, with
the exception of Madison Avenue.

Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing on the petition for the vacation of a por-
tion of Jackson Avenue, between N Street and Highland Avenue, be held on May 22, 1957
at 8:00 P.M., and the notice of said hearing posted as required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Milton Press for a Use Permit to
erect a sign ninety-eight (98') feet high on the north side of Fremont, between
1st and 2nd Streets (Lots 13 through 17, Block 15, CLVT, in a C-S zone. Mr. Bills
advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment had approved this application
as being in accord with existing signs in the area.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for Use Permit be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 17th day of April, 1957, having considered the applica-
tion of Milton Prell for use permit to erect a sign ninety-eight (98') feet high on
the north side of Fremont, between 1st and 2nd Streets (Lots 13 through 17, Block 15,
CLVT), in a C-S zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Milton Prell
for use permit to erect a sign ninety-eight (98') feet high on the north side of
Fremont between 1st and 2nd Street, in a C-S zone be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not voting: Commis-
sioner Sharp. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

BONANZA TERRACE
Tentative Map

PETITION FOR VACATION
OF M STREET
Public Hearing Set

PETITION FOR VACATION
OF A PORTION OF JACKSON
AVENUE

Public Hearing Set

USE PERMIT -U-3-57
The Mint Sign
The Commission considered the application of Martin Kutzen for variance to construct
a carport to extend from the house to the rear property line at 3317 West Charleston
Blvd, in an R-1 zone. Mr. Bills advised the Board that the Board of Adjustment
recommended that this application be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance to construct a carport at
3317 West Charleston Blvd. (Lot 13, Block 1, Westleigh #1) be approved and the
following resolution adopted;

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held April 17, 1957, having considered the application of Martin
Kutzen for variance to construct a carport to extend from the house to the rear
property line at 3317 West Charleston Blvd. (Lot 13, Block 1, Westleigh #1) in an
R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Martin
Kutzen for variance to construct a carport at 3317 West Charleston Blvd, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of R. R. Russell for variance to construct three dental offices
on the southwest corner of West Charleston and Westwood Drive (Lot 1, Block 1,
Westwood Park #1), in an R-1 zone, was considered at this time. The recommendation
of the Board of Adjustment was that this application be denied.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be continued for further
study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Bills presented the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission on
one-hour parking restrictions on the northside of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets.
Mr. Bills stated this recommendation was made by the Traffic and Parking Commission
on February 7, 1957, and on February 20th the City Commission referred the matter
back with a request that a petition by a majority of property owners be secured.

The Commission was advised by Mr. Bills that a petition had been secured and filed
with the Clerk, signed by Marc Wilkinson and W. E. Bernard.

Discussion was then held on whether or not the same one-hour parking restriction
should not be imposed on the southside of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be held in abeyance until
the property owners on the southside of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets can be
contacted concerning this one-hour parking restriction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking
Commission that the alley at the rear of the 5th Street Branch of the First
National Bank be designated as "one-way" going north from Gass Avenue to Garces
Avenue. Mr. Bills stated that it was the further recommendation that a sign be
installed coming from the bank teller window saying "Right Turn Only".

Commissioner Sharp stated that this being in the best public interest, he moved
the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission be accepted and the alley
at the rear of the 3th Street Branch of the First National Bank be designated as
"one-way" going north from Gass Avenue to Garces Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye, noes, none. Commissioner
Whipple passed his vote.

Mr. Bills presented the proposed amendment to the Vehicle and Traffic Code, the
same being Chapter 36, Sections 41, 36 and 139 of the Las Vegas City Code, as
recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple were appointed to study this proposed amend-
ment and report back to the Commission.

Consideration was given to the recommendation from the Traffic and Parking
Commission that "No Parking" restrictions be imposed on the south side of East
St Louis Avenue between Santa Rita Drive and Beverly Drive. Mr. Bills advised
the Commission that this was a half-street, and that a petition signed by four of
the six property owners in the area had been received requesting this restriction.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission
be accepted and that "No Parking" restrictions on the south side of East St. Louis
Avenue between Santa Rita Drive and Beverly Drive be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Galen Barrow for a Package Liquor
and Beer Bar license at Galen's Liquors, 1216 South Main Street, formerly
issued to E. C. Hummer be approved; further that the Supervisor of License and
Revenue be authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE - V-l-57
Martin Kutzen

VARIANCE - V-2-57
R. R. Russell



ONE-HOUR PARKING
Ogden between 7th
& 8th

ONE-WAY ALLEY
First Nat'l Bank

VEHICLE & TRAFFIC
CODE

Proposed Amendment
Referred to Committee

"NO PARKING"
RESTRICTIONS
East St. Louis

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Fred E. Weber for the Tavern
Liquor License at the Log Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st Street, formerly issued to
Albert Mengarelli, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Alfred Ripps for transfer of his
Package Liquor and Beer Bar License, gaming license for 8 slot machines and Cigarette
License from 106 to 112 South 1st Street.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to be heard on this matter.

Mr. Morton Galane, representing Mrs. Ruth Pearlman, owner of Sammy's Newstand located
at 124 South 1st Street appeared at this time. Mr. Galane explained that Mrs. Pearl-
man had retained an attorney to represent her in this matter and had not been notified
until late this afternoon that he would not be able to appear in her behalf. Mr.

Galane stated that Mrs. Pearlman would like to object to the transfer of this license
on the basis that the area would not support another liquor store; he further requested
that the Commission continue this matter until next meeting so that he would have time
to investigate the facts and be prepared to speak in Mrs. Pearlman's behalf.

Mr. Sam Lionel, appearing on behalf of Mr. Alfred Ripps was present at this time. Mr.
Lionel stated that Mr. Ripps was anxious to reopen his business, and urged the Commis-
sion to give favorable consideration to this application for transfer.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Alfred Ripps for transfer
of his package Liquor license and Beer Bar, gaming license for 8 slot machines, and
cigarette license to 112 South 1st Street, dba Mike's Liquor Store be approved, and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. $7.9 for the Street
Repair Contract for the City of Las Vegas until June 30, 1938, bids were received
from the following firms:

WELLS CARGO	$17,436.00	(No bond)

IDEAL ASPHALT	24,440.00	(Cashier Chk - $1250.00)

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal by Doris E.

Brown of the denial of her application for Rezoning of the East 30 feet of Lots 1
through by Block 27, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite (Southeast corner of 3rd and Lewis)
from R-4 to C-1, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on
this matter.

Mrs. Brown appeared before the Commission and stated that she had circulated a petition
amongst the property owners in the area, a great number of whom had indicated approval
and signed this petition. Mrs. Brown further advised the Commission that she desired
this rezoning so that her duplex could be rented to a professional man.

The Commission advised Mrs. Brown they were in sympathy with her problem, but this
application was definitely "spot zoning" and it was the policy of both the Planning
and City Commissions to discourage this sort of thing.

The following property owners appeared on behalf of Mrs. Brown's application for rezoning:

Mrs. Louise Conklin	316 South 4th Street

Mr. John Cost	303 E. Lewis Avenue

Commissioner Whipple moved Mrs. Brown's appeal be denied and the recommendation of the
Planning Commission upheld and this application for rezoning of the east 50 feet of Lots
1 through by Block 27 from R-4 to C-1, denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of the subdividers of Las Verdes Heights #1 for an
extension of time of six (6) months from June 21, 1937 for the completion of off-site im-
provements. Director of Public Works George Wade advised the Commission that approximately
b% of the work has been completed and recommended that the request for extension be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of L. S. Whaley & Sons, Inc. for extension of 6
months for the completion of the installation of off-site improvements in Las Verdes
Heights #1 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to obtain informal bids on the Lot Cleanup program
Mr. Wade reported that it is estimated that the total cost will be approximately $2,000.00.
He further reported that between 83% and 90% of this cost will be recoverable from the
property owner.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that informal bids be obtained for the Lot Cleanup
Program.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
Log Cabin Bar

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change Location
Mike's Liquor Store

BID NO. 57.9

Street Repair Contract

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-2-57
Doris E. Brown
Appeal of Denial

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS #1
Extension of Time

LOT CLEAN UP

Bids to be Secured
Mr. Wade reported that installation of pump on the Rehabilitation Farm Well
has been completed by the contractor S. R. McKinney & Son, and requested
that payment of the retention of $215.63 be made. Mr. Wade further state
that the Notice of Completion on this project had been filed on Mar. 21, 1957.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the contract for the installation of the
pump on the Rehabilitation Farm Well be accepted, the bond released and pay-
ment in the amount of $215.63 authorized to S. R. McKinney & Sons; further
that the Comptroller and Treasurer instructed,to prepare the warrant and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Engineer Wade stated that the installation of the traffic signal system
at 5th and San Francisco has been completed and requested that final payment
to Galland Electric Co. in the amount of $1,123.90 be made. Mr. Wade reported
that the Notice of Completion on this project was filed on March l4, 1957.
Commissioner Sharp moved that the contract for the installation of the traffic
signal system at 3th and San Francisco be accepted, the bonds released and final
payment in the amount of $1,123.90 to Galland Electric Co. authorized; further
that the Comptroller and Treasurer be instructed to prepare the warrant and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Consideration was given to the release of the bond posted by Standard Whole-
sale Supply Co. in connection with Use Permit U-45-56 for the installation of
street paving, curb and gutter along the southside of Bonanza Road between H
Street and Highland Avenue. Mr. Wade reported that the assignment of this
agreement to Union Oil Company had been previously approved on February 20,

1957 and the required bond filed by Union Oil Company with the Clerk. Mr. Wade
recommended that the Standard Wholesale bond be released.	

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted
and Royal Indemnity Company Bond No. 312223 in the amount of $2,000.00, filed
by Standard Wholesale. Supply Company be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. Wade presented the request of Contractor Western States Construction for
extension of time to May 1, 1957 for the completion of the East and West Charles-
ton Fire Stations. The City Engineer explained this request was necessary due
to circumstances arising beyond the control of the Contractor. Mr. Wade further
advised the Commission that the bulk of the deficiencies is in equipment, and
recommended that this request be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Western States Construction for exten-
sion of time to May 1, 1957 for the completion of the East and West Charleston
Fire Stations be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the final acceptance and release of the bond on Glen
Heather Tract No. 2. City Engineer Wade reported that he had on file a letter
from Wells Stewart stating that the seal and chips will be applied to Rancho
Road in this subdivision as soon as the equipment is available, which will be
within approximately three (3) weeks.

Commissioner Fountain moved the improvements in Glen Heather Tract No. 2 be
accepted and the performance bond of Lusk Corporation released, subject to the
filing of a $1,000 bond by Wells-Stewart Construction Co. to cover the installation
of seal and chips on Rancho Road.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. Wade presented the request from the Subdivider of the Judy Rich Tract No. 2
for extension of time of one year. Mr. Wade explained that the basis for this
request was that the former over-built condition for apartment units is improv-
ing rapidly, and that with this extension the Subdivider feels it will be possible
to improve and build on these lots within a year.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request for extension of time for the completion
of off-site improvements in the Judy Rich Tract No. 2 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested the final acceptance and payment on the Rehabili-
tation Farm Building constructed by Paul Smitley Co. Mr. Wade reported that the
notice of completion had been recorded on February 11, 1957, and it was recommended
that final payment be made.

Discussion was held on a claim filed by Rexford Supply Company. Mr. Smitley was
present at this time and explained to the Commission the detail on this claim.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that final payment of $4,324.70 to Paul
Smitley contractor for the Rehabilitation Farm Building be made, and the Comp-
troller and Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant in this amount; and that
the performance and materials-men bonds on this project not be released at this
time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



REHABILITATION FARM
WELL PUMP CONTRACT -
Final Payment &

Release of Bond

TRAFFIC SIGNAL SYSTEM
5th & San Francisco
Final Payment & Release
of Bond

USE PERMIT - U-45-56
Standard Wholesale
Release of Bond

FIRE STATIONS -
East & West Charleston
Extension of Time

GLEN HEATHER
TRACT

Acceptance &

Release of Bond

JUDY RIGH TRACT NO. 2
Extension of Time

REHABILITATION FARM
BUILDING
Final Payment
City Engineer Wade reported that the bids for the Street Repair Contract had
been checked, and it was recommended that the low bid of Wells Cargo be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid of Wells Cargo Co. on Bid No. 57.9 for the
Street Repair Contract in the total amount of $17,456.00 be accepted, and the Mayo
and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mayor Baker announced that the Clerk had received a request from Jimmie Baker
to withdraw from his candidacy for Municipal Judge in the forthcoming Primary
Election on May 7, 1957. The Clerk was instructed to delete Mr. Jimmie Baker's
name from the list of candidates for Municipal Judge on the ballot for the Pri-
mary Municipal Election.

Consideration was given to the application of the Veterans of Foreign Wars
for a Club Liquor license at 705 North 5th Street, presented by George Harmon,

Post Commander.

The Commission was advised that Harold Knox, an employee of the City who has
previously been investigated by the Police Department, is a member of the Board
of Directors of the VFW and permanent House Chairman.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of the Veterans of Foreign Wars
for a Club Liquor license at 705 North 5th Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license to the VFW in the name of
Harold Knox, Permanent House Chairman.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application for the addition of the following
persons to the licenses of Canosa Inc., doing business as the Lucky 13:

Carolyn Lurie
Harry Coleman
Allen Dubin

Commissioner Fountain moved the addition of the above-listed partners to the
licenses of Canosa Inc., dba Lucky 13, 13 Fremont Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.'

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of L. S. Anderson for a gaming license
for one slot machine at Andy's Mobile Service, 200 North 5th Street be approved
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional gaming
licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the licenses:

GOLDEN NUGGET,	INC.	By: C. C. King	129 Fremont	1	Craps

EL RIO CLUB	By: Clayton B.	Mar	1670 G St.	1	Craps

NEW PIONEER CLUB	Milton Prell	Fremont	6	Slots

CINNABAR	O. W. Glenn	122 No. 2nd	1	slot

CRAINS CAFE	Del Barkhuff	1617 Fremont	2	slots

RANDAL CAFE	Rancho Coin Mach.

Wendell Tobler	1321 North E	1	slot

DESERT DRUG STORE	Ditto	603 Van Buren	2	slots

ECONOMY ICE & FUEL CO.	Ditto	422 W. Jefferson	1	slot

RED X DRUG STORE	Ditto	l4l8 So. 5th	3	slots

LOUISIANA CLUB	Ditto	601 Jackson	8	slots

NEVADA CLUB	Robert Van Santen	105 Fremont	112	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Z. L. Enterprises for additional
license for one "21" game and one Poker Table at the Louisiana Club, 601
Jackson be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Marjorie Brander for license for
2 slot machines at the Glenn Vegas Motel, 2233 South 5th Street be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the Boulder Club Partnership,

Second Operation for gaming license at the Boulder Club, 118 Fremont, approved
at a meeting held on April 11, 1957, for 104 slots, 3 Craps, 5 "21", 1 Roulette,

1 Faro, 1 Bridge, 2 Pan and 3 Poker. The Commission was advised that since the
April 11th meeting the Boulder Club Partnership wished to amend the application
adding 3 slots machines, 1 Race Horse Book and deleting one (1) "21" game.

Thereafter, Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Boulder Club
Partnership, Second Operation for gaming license at the Boulder Club, 118 Fremont,

BID NO. 57.9
Street Repair
Contract

CITY ELECTIONS
Candidate
Withdrawal

LIQUOR LICENSE
New

Veterans of Foreign
Wars

GAMING LICENSES
Addn of Partners
Lucky 13

New

Louisiana Club

Change of Owner

GAMING LICENSE
Change of Owner
Boulder Club
for the following gaming devices be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

107 Slot Machines	1	Bridge

3 Craps	2	Pan

4 "21"		3	Poker

1 Roulette	1	Race Horse Keno

1 Faro Bank

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Clella M. Keckler, dba Union
Cab Company for one additional taxicab license. The Commission was advised
that Union Cab presently has 6 taxicabs licensed.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the issuance of this
license. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Clella M. Keckler for one
additional taxi for the Union Cab Company be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for permits for Chari-
table Solicitation, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:-

1.	REORGANIZED CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LDS

2.	LATTER DAY SAINTS CHURCH - 4th Ward Relief Society

3.	SPANISH WAR VETERANS

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye?
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for permits for Chari-
table Solicitation Permits be approved, subject to approval of the Solici-
tations Review Board:

1.	VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS - Advertising Solicitation for
Encampment June 13, 1957.

2.	DOWNTOWN LIONS CLUB - Sale of Brooms.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye?
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 7570 through 8102
in the net amount of $75,473.05 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote?
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye?
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 10193
to 10344 in the total amount of $131,289.21 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye? noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of March 20, 27, April 3 and 11; 1957
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At the hour of 8:40 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour
of 8:55 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

At this time City Manager Kennedy presented a request from the Southern Nevada
Power Company for the City to grant them a ten (10) foot easement for power
line purposes adjacent to the Sewage Disposal Plant and the Lincoln Power
Company, said right-of-way being located in the of Section 10, T21S,

R62E, MDB&M.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that this easement has been
checked by his Department and the Power Company and recommended that same
be granted.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the 10 foot easement for power line
purposes adjacent to the Sewage Disposal Plant and the Lincoln Power Company
located in Section 10-21-62 be granted to the Southern Nevada Power Company,
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye?
noes, none.

At this time the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board Instructions and
Regulations for Report of License Tax on Rental Income were presented to
the Commission for consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Instructions and Regulations for Report of

TAXI APPLICATION
Additional

CHARITABLE

SOLITATION

PERMITS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



RECESS

EASEMENT TO
SOUTHERN NEVADA
POWER CO.

COUNTY FAIR & RECREA-
TION BOARD
Regulations Adopted
License Tax on Rental Income as compiled by the Clark County Fair and
Recreation Board be and the same are hereby adopted, and the Supervisor of Li-
cense and Revenue authorized to keep a copy of said Instruction and Regula-
tions on file in his office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy presented the request of G. Patrick Kennedy,
owner of Hernando's Hideaway, Van Buren and Nellis Boulevard, to have his
Tavern Liquor license on a inactive status commencing May 15, 1957 for a
6 month period until a new location is approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted, and the following reso-
lution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on January 31, 1957, that certain business known as "Hernando's
Hideaway" was brought within the limits of the City of Las Vegas as a result
of an annexation to the said City; and

WHEREAS, this annexation has increased the obligations of the management
and the City regarding certain operational requirements of the City, and the
furnishing of adequate police protection; and

WHEREAS, the licensee of the said "Hernando's Hideaway" has, in writing,
requested permission to keep his tavern license on an inactive status, com-
mencing May 15, 1957, for a six-months' period or until a new location is
approved by the Board; and

WHEREAS, due to the facts set forth in said request and pursuant to the
provisions of Ordinance 688, the Board, in a proper case, may grant permis-
sion to keep a tavern license on an inactive status;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 17th day of April, 1957
that permission is hereby granted to G. Patrick Kennedy, d/b/a Hernando's
Hideaway, to place his tavern liquor license on an inactive status, starting
May 15, 1957, for a six months' period, or until a new location is approved
by this Board.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all liquor licenses required by the City shall
be kept current during the period while said license is in an inactive status
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said G. Patrick Kennedy shall not have the
right to transfer or assign this license without the express permission of
the Board of Commissioners.

PASSED, ADOPTED and APPROVED this 17th day of April, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The City Manager presented complaints by individuals concerning the type of
work being performed by the Atlas Pest Control, owned by Mr. James R. McPhee.
Mr. Kennedy also reported that Mr. McPhee has changed the location of his bus-
iness on several occasions without notifying the License Department of this
fact.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Mr. James McPhee of the Atlas Pest Control
Co. be notified to appear at the next regular meeting of the Commission on
May 1, 1957 to show cause why his business license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. L. A. Longley be appointed to fill the
unexpired term of Mr. Gerald Stewart, as a member of the Planning Commission,
said term to expire in August, 1959.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The City Manager advised the Commission that bids had been secured for the
improvement of South A Street between Charleston Boulevard and South Main
Street, which were as follows:

Wells Cargo Inc.	.90¢ a yard

V. C. Mendenhall	$1.35 a yard

Commissioner Sharp moved the bid of Wells Cargo Inc. be accepted and Purchase
Requisition No. 8054 in the total amount of $2,430.00 be approved for the
paving of South A Street between Charleston and South Main Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy presented a requisition for the repair and replacement of lawn
mowers of the City in the amount of $1,148.76 to Vegas Materials, 1025 South
Main Street. The City Manager stated that since the equipment parts that
were to be repaired were Toro mowers and Vegas Material was the only auth-
orized representative of Toro equipment in Las Vegas he requested approval
of this request.

LIQUOR LICENSE
Hernando's Hideaway

LICENSE REVOCATION
Order to Appear
Atlas Pest Control

PLANNING COMMISSION
Appointment

SOUTH A STREET
IMPROVEMENT

LAWN MOWER REPAIR
Commissioner Fountain moved that Requisition No. 75.63 in the total amount
of $1,148.76 to Vegas Materials for parts for City lawn mowers be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the invitation of the Henderson Nevada Chamber
of Commerce for the City to participate in their annual Industrial Days cele-
bration to be held April 27, 1957, at 3:30 P.M. Commissioner Fountain was
delegated to represent the Commission at this celebration.

Mr. Kennedy presented the proposed lease with the American Legion for use of
City property adjacent to their clubhouse for a parking lot. The City Manager
reported that this lease had been checked by the Engineering Department, and
the lease prepared by the City Attorneys office.

Commissioner Fountain moved the lease of this property to the American Legion
Post No. 8 be approved subject to a time limit of one (1) year, and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission there were three vacancies on the
Child Welfare Board of the City of Las Vegas, and requested that these vacan-
cies be filled.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the following appointments be made to the
Child Welfare Board:

Msgr. Donald Carmody
Miss Phyllis Millenbah
Mr. Henry J. Moore

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Manager be authorized to write a letter
to the Clark County Board of Commissioners requesting their participation
in the hearings before the Civil Aeronautics Board concerning extending air
service in to this area by payment of one-half of the expenses of the City
Attorney's office at said hearings.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the agreement between the City and the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, covering the construction of a public road crossing
across Owens Avenue. Mr. Kennedy explained that this agreement had previously
been approved, but at that time it was thought that North Las Vegas would also
be a party to the proposed improvement. The City Manager further stated that
the proposed crossing had been relocated now so that it was within the City
limits of the City of Las Vegas, and requested that the Mayor be authorized
to sign this agreement with the Railroad Company.

Commissioner Fountain moved this agreement be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED: That the form of agreement between the City of Las Vegas,
a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of. Nevada, and Los Angeles
& Salt Lake Railroad Company and its lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company,
corporations of the State of Utah, covering the construction of public road
crossing across Owens Street at grade, Las Vegas, Nevada, be and the same is
hereby approved, and the Mayor and City Clerk of said City are authorized
and directed to execute said agreement for and on behalf of the said City of
Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Mr. Will Ed Harris had deeded
property to the City of Las Vegas on Aug. 1, 1956, Deed #606, said property
located in the Town of Winchester to be used by the City for a fire station.

Mr. Kennedy stated that since the City had not used this property for said
purpose and instead had located the new West Charleston Fire Station on
Hinson Street in Hyde Park, he recommended that Mr. Harris' property be re-
turned to him.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the property deeded to the City of Las Vegas for
a fire station be returned to Mr. Will Ed. Harris, and the City Attorney in-
structed to prepare the necessary deed to accomplish the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

The City Manager presented the request of Robert Van Santen, representing the
Downtown Club Owners and Max Goot, Chairman of the local fund drive for the
City of Hope that permission be granted to block off a portion of Fremont
Street from the Lucky Strike Club to Main Street for festivities on July 31,

1957 from 7:00 P.M. until 11:00 P.M.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

CITY OF HENDERSON
"Industrial Days
Celebration

LEASE OF CITY PROPERTY
American Legion

CHILD WELFARE BOARD
Appointments

CAB HEARINGS
Expenses

UPRR AGREEMENT
Owens Ave. Grade
Crossing

RETURN OF PROPERTY
Will Ed Harris

CITY OF HOPE
Fremont Street Use
City Manager Kennedy presented two applications for package liquor licenses
by Allan M. Kelley at 404 West Bonanza and Henry Martin Inc. at 4l8 West Bonanza.

The Commission instructed Mr. Kennedy to notify these applicants there were no
package liquor licenses available, and authorized the refund of the fees de-
posited with these applications.

Supervisor of Building and Safety Art Trelease presented the application of
Wheeler Trucking Co. for permission to move a 20' x 20' frame building from
the Consolidated Construction Yard at H and Mesquite to 1701 Western Avenue
and recommended this permit be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a house moving permit be granted to Wheeler
Trucking Co. to move a building from H & Mesquite to 1701 Western Avenue,
subject to compliance with City ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reminded the Commission that the annual spring meeting
of the Nevada Municipal Association will be held in Wells, Nevada on May 10th
through 13th, 1957, and requested that those wishing to attend notify Robert W.
Notti, Assistant to the Mayor as soon as possible.

Commissioner Wendell Bunker, President of the Nevada Municipal Association
extended an invitation to all members and any department heads who would like to
attend this meeting. Mr. Bunker reported that arrangements had been made for
excellent speakers at the convention, and a very good program outlined.

Commissioner Sharp and Mayor Baker indicated that they would be in attendance
at this meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Commissioner Wendell Bunker be commended for
his outstanding service as President of the Nevada Municipal Association, and
that an appropriate resolution be drawn by the City Attorney to be presented to
the Board at the next meeting for adoption and entrance in the minutes of this
Board; and that a copy be forwarded to the Executive Secretary of the Nevada
Municipal Association acknowledged at the meeting in Wells, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Not voting:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp asked for a report from the City Manager on the status of
the improvement of Hyde Park Circle.

Mr, Kennedy advised the Commission that blow sand was being hauled in and sprinkled
down at the present time. The City Manager stated that the installation of the
sprinkling system would commence within eight to ten days.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the Electrical Code asked for additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the Plumbing Code requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
amendment to the Warm Air Heating Code requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance concerning fortune tellers and like businesses requested additional time
before reporting.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordi-
nance concerning Use Permits in Fire Zones, requested additional time before re-
porting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 3 OF ORDINANCE NO. 734 BY

PROVIDING THAT THE LICENSE TAXES FOR REVENUE IMPOSED ON THE OPERATORS OF GAMING
AS DEFINED IN ORDINANCE NO. 734, SHALL PAY SUCH LICENSE TAXES IN ADVANCE: PRO-
VIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLA-
TION OF THIS ORDINANCE: AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and
Sharp for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378,
REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY
AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE
ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, (Z-l-57 and Z-4-57), was read
by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp, member of the committee to investigate and make a recommenda-
tion on the request of Vaughn and Gerald Leavitt And tenants in the Leavitt Building
at 1502 South 5th Street for vacation or correction of the parking problem on the
triangle in front of their building, made a report at this time. Commissioner
Sharp stated that it was the recommendation of the Committee that parking meters
be installed in this area which will park between 12 and 13 cars.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and that one-hour parking
meters be installed in this area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the Following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PACKAGE LIQUOR
APPLICATIONS

HOUSE MOVING PERMIT
Wheeler Trucking Co.

NEVADA MUNICIPAL
ASSOCIATION
Spring Meeting

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION -
Wendell Bunker
Pres NMA

HYDE PARK CIRCLE
IMPROVEMENT
Progress Report

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Electrical Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Warm Air Heating Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Fortune Tellers

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Use Permits in Fire
Zones 

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Convention Hall

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

VACATION OF PROPERTY

3rd & Utah

Parking Meter

Installation


Attorney John Spann appeared before the Commission on behalf of Mr. Claude
Dudrey of the De Luxe Motel, and discussed the effect of the Hotel-Motel
Outdoor Advertising Ordinance No. 731 on Mr. Dudrey's business.

At the hour of 10:15 P.M., Commissioner Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:





City Clerk	Mayor

4-17-57 - Regular

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 1, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 1st day of May, 1957 was called to order at the hour of
7:35 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Ass't City Attorney    Ralston O. Hawkins
Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Dir. Public Works	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent: City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

The Mayor announced that this was the time set for Mr. James R. McPhee to appear
before the Commission to show cause why his business license for the Atlas
Pest Control should not be revoked, based on reports indicating that Mr. McPhee
has moved his business on several occasions without notifying the City and on
complaints from private individuals concerning the type of work he has performed.

His Honor asked if Mr. McPhee or someone representing him was present. No
one appeared before the Commission.

This being the hearing set for Mr. James McPhee to appear on this order to
show cause why his license should not be revoked, and it appearing that Mr.
McPhee is no longer in the area, a certified notice not having been received
by him but returned by the Post Office as unable to be located, and no cause
being shown why the license should not be revoked, Commissioner Fountain moved
the business license of Mr. James R. McPhee dba Atlas Pest Control be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 8l04 through 8646 in the
net amount of $76,212.19 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 10345 to
105l4 inclusive in the total amount of $192,554.35 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of April 17, 1957 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for permits for
charitable solicitation, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:

CHURCH OF GOD IN CHRIST
POLICE ATHLETIC LEAGUE
BOULDER DAM VFW AUX. 3574

CITY OF HOPE

CITY COUNCIL OF BETA SIGMA PHI

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for permits for chari-
table solicitation be approved, subject to approval of the Solicitations Review
Board:

BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA
RAINBOW GIRLS

ORDINANCE NO. 731
Hotel-Motel Outdoor
Advertising

SHOW CAUSE HEARING
Atlas Pest Control

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



CHARITABLE SOLICI-
TATION PERMITS
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. James Cashman, Jr. appeared before the Board to request that the City consider
payment of $2300.00 for the expense of network telecast to the East Coast for one
hour of the Helldorado Beauty Parade. He advised the Commission that the Parade
Committee have already made arrangements for the Parade to be telecast to the West
coast and have received word just yesterday that arrangements can be made for the
East Coast one-hour telecast at a cost of $2300.00. It was pointed out that there
would be no commercials on this program but that the advertising on behalf of the
community would obviously be very worthwhile.

The Board of Commissioners expressed the opinion that they were in sympathy with the
request and thought it would be very beneficial for the community, if the funds are
available and can legally be spent for this purpose.

Mr. Cashman also stated that if there is a budget problem, arrangements can be made
to make the payment after the first of July.

The Commission took this request under advisement to be checked by the City Attorney
and the City Manager as to the legality of the expenditure and availability of funds.

At this time the Commission considered the tentative plan for Street Pattern for the
S½ of the SE¼ and the S½ of the SW¼ of Section 36, T20S, R60E, MDBS&M. Planning
Director Franklin Bills advised the Board that this area is north Charleston Boulevard,
south of Charleston Heights subdivision and west of Hyde Park subdivision.

Mr. Bills explained that this area is building up and there is a definite need for a
layout of streets, so that rights-of-way can be acquired. The Planning Director further
explained that the Planning Commission had held a public hearing and notified approxi-
mately 60 property owners, 25 of whom appeared at the hearing and indicated they were
satisfied with this proposed street pattern. Mr. Bills advised the Board there was
only one letter of protest, but this had been withdrawn when the property owner saw
the proposed plan.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Tentative General Street Pattern for the Sg of
the SE¼ and the S½ of the SW¼ of Section 36-20-60, be approved as recommended by
the Hanning Commission and that a copy of the Tentative Street Han as approved be
submitted to the Bureau of Land Management together with notification of the action
of the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Nephi Lee for a Use Permit to establish
and use the garage of his home at 801 South 6th Street (Lots 1 and 2, Block 31, South
Addition) in an R-4 zone for storage, selling and redistribution of Dehydrated Foods.

Hanning Director Franklin Bills advised the Commission that this application had
been denied by the Board of Zoning Adjustment due to the fact that the buying and
selling of goods is not included in those uses permitted by a Use Permit as set forth
in the Zoning Ordinance; and further that the granting of this Use Permit would have
the same effect as a reclassification from R-4 to C-1.

Discussion was held concerning the hardship involved in this particular application.

The Commission was advised that Mr. Lee has to augment his income and is required to
do so at his home since he has an invalid mother.

Miss Emily Lee appeared before the Commission and urged the approval of this appli-
cation. Miss Lee stated that if needed she could secure a petition signed by adjacent
property owners indicating they were in favor of this application for a Use Permit.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Nephi Lee for a Use Permit
to use the garage of his home at 801 South 6th Street (Lots 1 and 2, Block 31, South
Addition) for storage, selling and redistribution of Dehydrated Foods be approved,
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 1st day of May, 1957; having considered the application
of Nephi Lee for Use Permit to establish and use the garage of his home at 801 South
6th Street (Lots 1 and 2, Block 31; South Addition) in an R-4 zone for storage,
selling and redistribution of Dehydrated Foods; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application due to the fact that buying and selling of goods is not included in those
uses permitted by Use Permit as set forth in Zoning Ordinance; further that granting
of this Use Permit would have same effect as reclassification from R-4 to C-1;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Nephi Lee
for Use Permit to use the garage at 801 South 6th Street for storage, selling and
redistribution of Dehydrated Foods be approved subject to the following conditions:

a - Use Permit limited to the applicant Nephi Lee only.
b - Only for storage, sale and redistribution of Dehydrated Foods
c - No advertising signs to be displayed on the premises.
d - Applicant post a bond in the amount of $733.30.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of the Citizens Building Corporation
for a Use Permit to allow the remodeling, maintenance and operation of administrative
office building and laboratories by the Atomic Energy Commission, an agency of the
United States Government at 900 West Bonanza.

The Commission was advised that the Board of Adjustment recommended denial of this
application on the grounds that they have no authority to recommend approval since
the applicant has no right, title, or tenancy interest in the property.

HELLDORADO -
Beauty Parade
Telecast

STREET PATTERN
Sec. 36-20-60
North Charleston
Blvd.,south of
Charleston Hghts

USE PERMIT - U-3-57
Nephi Lee
Approved

USE PERMIT - U-7-57

Citizens Building

Corporation

Denied


Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
for denial of this application for Use Permit be accepted without prejudice
to the applicant to resubmit a proper application.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission again considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking
Commission that one-hour parking restrictions be imposed on the north and south
sides of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets. The Board was advised that peti-
tions have been filed by the property owners on both sides of the street re-
questing this restriction.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Traffic and
Parking Commission that one-hour parking restrictions be imposed on the north
and south sides of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At the hour of 8:20 P.M. Mayor Baker left the meeting, and Mayor Pro Tem
Reed Whipple took the Chair.

City Engineer George Wade advised the Commission that informal bids for the
City's Lot Clean Up Program had been received, as authorized at the last re-
gular meeting on April 17; 1957; from the following firms:

Per Hour

PAUL MATHIS dba M.W.S.	$23.00	Cleaning	&	Burning

EQUIPMENT COMPANY	19.00	Burning	only

15.50	Cleaning only

GEO. E. MILLER	$28.30

WELLS CARGO	$26.68

E. M. KAUFIELD & SON	$29.63

Mr. Wade recommended that the bid of Paul Mathis dba M.W.S. Equipment be
accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the bid of
Paul Mathis dba M.W.S. Equipment on the Lot Clean Up Program in the estimated
amount of $2,000.00 for labor and equipment @ $23.00 per hour for Cleaning
and Burning, $19.30 per hour for Burning only and $13.30 per hour for Cleaning
only, be approved and awarded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of V. T. Hobbs to be added to the
Race Horse Book license of Dave Stearns at the Derby Turf Club, 113 South 1st
Street. The Commission was advised that the Police Department recommended
unfavorably on this application.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the applica-
tion of V. T. Hobbs to be added to the Race Horse Book license at the Derby
Turf Club, 113 South 1st Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the
retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the Supervi-
sor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

BLACKETT'S DRIVE INN	2100 South 5th	M. E. Blackett

LAKE APARTMENTS	324 Cincinatti	Sutton Vending

PANCAKE HOUSE	1404	Fremont	Ditto

NATIONAL GUARD	23th	& Stewart	Ditto

FLYING "A" SERVICE STATION     Tonopah Road	Ditto

BLACKHAWK CAFE	1300	C. Street	Ditto

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the application of Jeanne Baker for a secondhand
dealer's license at Baker's Bargain House, 810 South 5th Street. The Commission
was advised that the Police Department recommended unfavorably on this appli-
cation.

Commissioner Sharp moved that on the basis of the recommendation of the Police
Department the application of Jeanne Baker for a secondhand dealer's license
at Baker's Bargain House, 810 South 5th Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at
the hour of 8:.50 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session with
the exception of Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. A. G. Neumeyer, subdivider of the proposed Judy Rich Tract No. 2 appeared
before the Commission at this time and requested reconsideration of his re-
quest for extension of time for the completion of off-site improvements in
his proposed subdivision. Mr. Neumeyer stated that he was present due to the
fact that he thought there was some misunderstanding as to the ownership of this

ONE-HOUR PARKING
Ogden, Between
7th & 8th

LOT CLEAN UP BIDS

GAMING LICENSE
Change of Partner
Derby Turf
Denied

CIGARETTE LICENSES

SECOND HAND DEALERS
LICENSE
Jeanne Baker
Denied

JUDY RICH TRACT
NO. 2

Extension of Time
property. He advised the Commission that it was his intent to start work on this
tract within a very short time, but that it would be impossible at this time for
him to complete the installation of the off-site improvements prior to the expira-
tion of the subdivision agreement in June of 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. A. G. Neumeyer be granted an extension of 6 months
from the expiration of the agreement on the Judy Rich Tract No. 2 for the completion
of the installation of the off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy gave the report on the general fund balance of the City
and stated that after the payment of the Service and Material Warrants and Payroll
Warrants approved at this meeting there would be on hand $778,835.27.

Mr. Kennedy presented the deed to Will Ed and Jack Reilly Harris that was authorized
for preparation at the last regular meeting of the Commission on April 17, 1957, to
accomplish the return of the property to the Harris' which had been deeded to the
City to be used for the new West Charleston Fire Station. The Board requested that
this matter be placed on the agenda for the next regular meeting.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the City has received approval of its application
for the acquisition of property located at 13th and Bridger from the General Services
Administration of the United States Government, to be used for park purposes. Mr.
Kennedy advised the Commission that according to the agreement signed by the City,
the purchase price of the property is one-half the appraised value, or $1026.30.

The City Manager requested approval of a warrant to the U. S. Government in this
amount.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a warrant to the General Services Administration
of the U. S. Government in the amount of $1,026.30 to cover the acquisition of
the east 45 feet of Lots 9, 10, 11, Block 4, Ladd's Addition, to be used for Park
purposes be approved, and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue the
warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The City Manager presented the request of the Nevada State Department of Health
for the City to pay one-half of the cost for services of a secretary in connection
with the Special Childrens Clinic which has been established in this area. Mr.
Kennedy reported that Clark County has agreed to pay one-half the salary of the
secretary from April 1, 1957 through June 30, 1958. Mr. Kennedy further explained
that monies have been alloted by the Federal Government to establish this clinic,
but one of the requirements is that the local governmental agencies receiving the
benefit of such clinic are to stand the expense of the secretary. The City Manager
stated that the City's portion of this expense would be $137.50 per month, or
$435.93 quarterly.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted and the Comptroller and Treasurer
authorized to issue a warrant in the amount of $435.93 to pay for the quarterly
expenses from April 1, 1957 through June 30, 1958, upon receipt of the statement
from the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The City Manager presented the request for a change order on the contract for
the Additions to the City Jail. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that there
was the need to install steel grills in the air ducts in the cell blocks and the
Contractor, Southern Steel Company had agreed to furnish, construct and install
these grills at a total cost of $1,036.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this change order for the installation of grills
in the Addition to the City Jail be approved and ordered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent :	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution,
commending Commissioner Wendell Bunker on his outstanding services as President of
the Nevada Municipal Association:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is a member of the Nevada Municipal Association
consisting of 16 major cities of the State, and formed for the purpose of mutual
study and consideration of municipal problems of common interest; and

WHEREAS, the Association has grown immeasurably in strength and in service to
the member cities since its organization; and

WHEREAS, WENDELL BUNKER, as a member of the Las Vegas City Commission, has
for a long period of time been active in the Municipal Association; and

WHEREAS, at the spring meeting of the Association in Ely, Nevada on April
13, 1956, WENDELL BUNKER was elected President of the Nevada Municipal Association
to serve for a one year term; and

WHEREAS, WENDELL BUNKER has served as President of the Nevada Municipal
Association during the current year with distinction and has liberally devoted
his time, effort, and labor for the benefit and improvement of said Association; and

WHEREAS, the Association has achieved outstanding success in the field of
desired municipal legislation during the current year, a large measure of which is

GENERAL FUND
Balance

RETURN OF PROPERTY
Will Ed Harris

PURCHASE OF PROPERTY
U. S. Government
Park Purposed

SPECIAL CHILDRENS
CLINIC

Nevada Health Dept.
Expenses

ADDITION TO JAIL
Change Order

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION

Wendell Bunker
due to WENDELL BUNKER,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of May,

1957 by this Resolution does hereby commend WENDELL BUNKER for having performed
his duties as President of the Nevada Municipal Association, in an outstanding
and signal manner,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon
the minute book of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be forwarded to
the Executive Secretary of the Nevada Municipal Association for the presen-
tation to the Spring Conference of the Nevada Municipal Association at Wells,
Nevada, on May 10th and 11th, 1957.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be sent to the
Honorable WENDELL BUNKER.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the appointment of a member of the Traffic & Parking
Commission to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Leonard Fayle.

Commissioner Sharp moved that W. E. Leypoldt be appointed as a member of the
Traffic & Parking Commission for a term to expire August, 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Dave McCoig be reappointed as a member of the
Board of Zoning Adjustment for a period of five years, said term to expire
in March of 1962.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Mr. Stephen McNeil for refund of the money
he deposited for investigation for a solicitors license. The City Manager
advised the Commission that Mr. McNeil had withdrawn his application prior to
the Police Department's commencing the investigation, so there had been no
expense incurred by the City. Mr. Kennedy recommended this refund be made.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Comptroller and Treasurer be authorized to
refund the $15.00 investigation fee deposited by Mr. Stephen McNeil in con-
nection with his application for a solicitors license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The City Manager presented Purchase Requisition No. 7808 in the amount of
$42,100.50, which is a Change Order for accounting purposes in the Outfall
Sewer Contract between the City and Charles J. Dorfman. Mr. Kennedy advised
the Commission that the Outfall Sewer work was finished and that this Change
Order reflected the actual cost in addition to the original contract, as a
result of the modification of the Contract. He also pointed out that at the
time of the modification, the estimated increase in the Contract price was
$30,000 and that of this Change Order the actual increase in Contract cost
was $31,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager
be accepted and Purchase Requisition No. 7808 in the amount of $42,100.50 to
Charles J. Dorfman authorized to be signed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the pro-
posed amendment to the Electrical Code, requested additional time before re-
porting.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 700 ALSO KNOWN
AS THE UNIFORM PLUMBING CODE BY DELETING THE PROVISIONS REQUIRING AN ANNUAL
RENEWAL OF JOURNEYMAN PLUMBERS CERTIFICATES OF COMPETENCY; BY MAKING IT UN-
LAWFUL FOR A PLUMBING CONTRACTOR TO EMPLY UNLICENSED JOURNEYMAN PLUMBERS;

BY PERMITTING GAS UTILITIES TO SECURE PERMITS TO DO CERTAIN WORK; PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
HEREOF, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Whipple,
was read in full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 737 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE WARM AIR HEATING CODE OF

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ADOPTED BY ORDINANCE NO. 607 AND AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE
NO. 672, BY DELETING THE PROVISIONS REQUIRING AN ANNUAL RENEWAL OF WARM AIR
HEATING INSTALLERS CERTIFICATES OF COMPETENCY; PROVIDING FOR RENEWALS OF CER-
TIFICATES; BY MAKING IT UNLAWFUL FOR A WARM AIR HEATING CONTRACTOR TO EMPLY
ANY UNLICENSED WARM AIR HEATING INSTALLERS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATING THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND PROVI-
DING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATIONS THEREOF, having been reported on favorably

by Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, was read in full to the Board at this
time.

TRAFFIC & PARKING
COMMISSION

Appointment of Member

BOARD OF ZONING
ADJUSTMENT
Reappointment of

Member



SOLICITORS LICENSE
APPLICANT

Refund of Investigation
Fee 

OUTFALL SEWER

Change Order

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Electrical Code

ORDINANCE NO. 737
Plumbing Code

ORDINANCE NO. 738
Warm Air Heating
Code
Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 738 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

An ordinance entitled: AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 3 OF ORDINANCE NO. 734 BY
PROVIDING THAT THE LICENSE TAXES FOR REVENUE IMPOSED ON THE OPERATORS OF GAMING AS
DEFINED IN ORDINANCE NO. 734, SHALL PAY SUCH LICENSE TAXES IN ADVANCE; PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Sharp,
was read in full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 739 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378,

REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY
AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING
THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, having been reported
on favorably by Commissioner Sharp, member of the Committee for recommendation,
was read in full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 739 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE 323 ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE

TO AMEND ORDINANCE 30b ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS CREATING
AND ESTABLISHING FIRE ZONES"; BY ADDING CERTAIN DESCRIBED AREAS TO FIRE ZONES TWO
AND TWO SPECIAL (2s); BY PROVIDING FIRE ZONES FOR RE-ZONED AREAS; AND OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CON-
FLICT THEREWITH"; BY PLACING AREAS WHICH ARE GRANTED USE PERMITS OR VARIANCES
TO CONDUCT A PROFESSIONAL OR COMMERCIAL USE IN FIRE ZONE NUMBER TWO OR FIRE ZONE
NUMBER TWO SPECIAL AS THE CASE MAY BE; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE, having been reported on favorably by Commissioner Sharp, member
of the Committee for recommendation, was read in full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 74l be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At this time Mr. Gus Andros appeared before the Commission in opposition to the
proposed ordinance regulating and licensing fortune tellers, astrologers and
like businesses.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 17, SECTION 12, CODE OF

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949 AT PAGE 254, BY PROVIDING FOR LICENSE FEES
FOR ASTROLOGERS AND PERSONS IN SIMILAR OCCUPATIONS; REPEALING CONFLICTING ORDINANCES;
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably by Commissioner Sharp,
member of the Committee for recommendation as amended, was read in full to the
Board at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 742 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time, at the
hour of 10:00 P.M. Commissioner Sharp moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

 City Clerk	Mayor

Mayor Pro Tem 

5-1-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 8, 1957

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby called to
be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, on the 8th day of May, 1957, at the hour of 8:00 P.M.
to consider the following matters:

1.	Public Hearing - Vacation of a portion of Hinkle Drive.

2.	Canvass of Votes cast at Primary Municipal Election May 7, 1957.

/s/ C. D. Baker

Mayor	5-1-57 / 5-8-57

ORDINANCE NO. 733
Fair & Recreation
Board

ORDINANCE NO. 740
Rezoning

Z-l-57

Z-4-57

ORDINANCE NO. 74l
Use Permits in
Fire Zones

ORDINANCE NO. 742
Fortune Tellers &
Astrologers


NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE,

Commissioners and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and
HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
will be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 8th day of
May 1957, at the hour of 8:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Public Hearing - Vacation of a portion of Hinkle Drive.

2.	Canvass of Votes cast at Primary Municipal Election May 7, 1957.

/s/ Shirley Lodwick
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of
special meeting.

/s/ C. D. Baker_________________ /s/ E. W. Fountain______________________

/s/ A. H. Kennedy_______________ /s/ Reed Whipple________________________

/s/ R. F. Boos__________________ /s/ Howard W. Cannon____________________

/s/ Wendell Bunker______________ /s/ Harris P. Sharp_____________________

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 8, 1957

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 8th day of May, 1957 was called to order at the hour of
8:00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

Director of Public

Works	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition of

Vacation of a Portion      property owners, and the recommendation of the Planning Commission for the va-
of Hinkle Drive	cation of a portion of Hinkle Drive, described as follows:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a
portion of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M,
being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

The South two (2) feet of the North twenty-five (25) feet of the
East 237.5 feet of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T20S,

R61E, MDB&M, Save and Except the East forty (40) feet thereof.

His Honor asked for objections, if any. No one present objected, and there
were no protests filed with the Clerk.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the recommendation
of the Planning Commission, this petition for the vacation of a portion of
Hinkle Drive be approved, and the following order adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 23rd day of January, 1957, signed by five (5)
freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk
of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of a portion of Hinkle Drive
hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by Order of this Board
referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas for its recom-
mendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its report,
dated March 27, 1957, and this Board approving and recommending said vacation;

And this Board by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 3rd
day of April, 1957, set the 8th day of May, 1957, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock
P.M. at the Commissioner's Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the City
Hall, located at 400 Stewart Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, as the time and place for the Public Hearing on said Petition and
recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid portion of
street proposed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting forth the
time and place of the Public Hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;
And it appearing from the Affidavit of Fred H. Callihan, filed with the
Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of
which Notice is attached to said Affidavit, was posted on the 5th day of
April, 1957, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for
vacation and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon and this
Board having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to
said Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor Baker and Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp and Whipple, constituting all members of said Board present
at this meeting, and all members present voting in favor of said vacation,
that the strip of land proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the
public use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of
the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be
materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of Hinkle Drive,

A certain street or parcel of land lying and being situate in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a
portion of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, being
more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

The South two (2) feet of the North twenty-five (23) feet of the
East 237.5 feet of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26,

T20S, R61E, MDB&M, Save and Except the East forty (40) feet thereof,

be and the same is hereby vacated.

DATED:	May 8, 1957

APPROVED:

C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

At this time Mr. Norrison Beatty of the Credit Bureau of Southern Nevada appeared
before the Commission to request that an ordinance regulating the licensing Col-
lection Agencies in the City be adopted. Mr. Beatty explained that a proposed
ordinance had been before the Commission in the latter part of 1955, but had
been reported unfavorably on December 21, 1955.

Mr. Beatty asked for reconsideration of this proposed ordinance and stated that there
was great need in this area for regulation of this type of business. He advised the
Commission that while there was a requirement that these agencies be licensed by the
State of Nevada the license was relatively easy to obtain.

At the hour of 8:10 P.M. Commissioner Fountain arrived at the meeting.

Discussion followed and the Commission advised Mr. Beatty they would refer this matter
to the City Attorney for the preparation of an ordinance to be presented at the next
regular meeting of the Commission, and referral at that time to a Committee for study.

Mayor Baker announced that this was the time set for the Board of Commissioners to
canvass the ballots cast At the Primary Municipal Election held May 7, 1957 for the
nomination of candidates for the following positions:

Commissioner 2nd Class
Commissioner 4th Class
City Attorney
Municipal Judge

The following errors were found by the Commission while conducting the canvass of
the votes cast:

Precinct No. 2 - For Commissioner 4th Class, Louis P. Maynard
received 11 votes instead of 10.

Precinct No. 30A - For Municipal Judge, Louis Licker received

3 votes instead of None.

Precinct No. 52	- For Municipal Judge, Louis Licker received

6 votes instead of 2.

Precinct No. 63 -  There were 98 votes cast instead of 99 as

reported.

FOR COMMISSIONER 2ND CLASS

WENDELL BUNKER STEVE KOSTELAC JOSEPH HENRY SHEPP

Votes	COMMISSIONER II

Cast_________Precinct__________Bunker____Kostelac_____Shepp

31	1	18	5	6

44	2	19	15	8

60	3	35	8	13

83             4	51	18	9

59	5	37	12	8

130	6	78	28	19

COLLECTION AGENCIES
Ordinance to be
Proposed

CANVASS OF ELECTION
RETURNS

Primary Municipal
Election
Votes	COMMISSIONER II

Cast___________Precinct___________Bunker     Kostelac_______Shepp

33	7	19	5	7

54	8	29	9	15

89	9	51	16	9

90	10	55	20	11

62	11-A	31	10	10

60	11-B	35	5	9

115	12	80	21	6

123	13	82	28	11

63	l4	40	13	10

l42	15	113	17	9

79	16	46	21	8

137	17	99	22	17

112	18	81	19	9

70	19	44	13	10

82	20	42	22	11

68	21	31	28	8

32	22	22	6	4

89	23-A	60	9	10

87	23-B	45	18	13

94	24	61	19	12

74	25	50	17	5

161	26	114	30	15

105	27	70	18	16

120	28	77	28	11

110	29	77	17	12

80	30-A	51	9	11

65	30-B	44	6	6

74	31	49	20	5

118	32	79	5	l4

168	33	116	34	15

128	34	85	7	18

90	35	51	25	12

71	36	44	18	6

105	37	70	25	8

l42	38	91	30	20

113	39	80	16	16

100	40	67	26	3

118	41	79	23	13

102	42	65	25	10

101	43	77	13	7

190	44	137	30	20

126	45	72	34	15

44	46	28	11	3

115	47	77	24	8

125	48	89	23	10

117	49	65	26	20

81	50	48	25	8

23	51	10	5	6

85	52	48	26	6

92	53	58	27	7

60	54	37	17	5

63	55	48	10	5

55	56	31	l4	7

71	57	53	9	7

80	58-A	43	19	l4

54	58-B	41	9	4

71	59	47	16	6

97	60-A	60	13	10

58	60-B	45	4	5

91	61	62	15	9

ll4	62	58	39	13

98	63	72	18	6

52	64	32	11	7

54	65	33	10	10

28	66	15	11	2

29	67	15	10	4

34	68	17	11	5

131	69	68	54	3

84	70	55	23	4

62	71	40	8	8

57	72	39	11	7

55	73	41	8	5

56	74	37	2	11

58	75	39	13	4

TOTAL

6,845	COUNT	4,400	1,385	749

FOR COMMISSIONER 4th CLASS

REX A. JARRETT	LOUIS P. MAYNARD HARRIS P. SHARP

Votes	COMMISSIONER IV

Cast___________Precinct__________Jarrett Maynard_____________Sharp

31	1	l4	2	l4

44	2	21	11	12

60	3	32	10	18

83	4	42	10	31

59	5	26	5	28

130	6	45	49	35

33	7	15	6	12

54	8	23	7	22

89	9	37	15	28

90	10	35	20	35

62	11-A	21	8	20

60	11-B	25	6	19

115	12	42	13	60
Votes	COMMISSIONER IV

Cast___________Precinct__________Jarrett Maynard____________Sharp

123	13	31	32	58

63	l4	22	8	33

l42	15	49	20	73

79	16	4l	10	27

137	17	65	17	56

112	18	38	16	57

70	19	32	8	30

82	20	38	l4	28

68	21	27	19	22

32	22	21	5	6

89	23-A	37	9	28

87	23-B	28	16	29

94	24	40	25	29

74	25	29	l4	29

161	26	69	22	70

105	27	35	15	53

120	28	38	24	54

110	29	53	12	45

80	30-A	27	6	31

65	30-B	27	5	27

74	31	38	8	27

118	32	33	12	49

168	33	53	22	93

128	34	52	15	45

90	35	39	13	37

71	36	34	9	28

105	37	33	12	55

142	38	53	22	35

113	39	39	27	46

100	40	48	6	45

118	41	31	18	68

102	42	42	13	47

101	43	39	17	44

190	44	84	22	83

126	45	62	19	44

44	46	22	7	15

115	47	47	18	15

125	48	50	21	54

117	49	48	16	51

81	50	24	20	37

23	51	8	9	6

85	52	27	23	35

92	53	21	27	44

60	54	22	17	21

63	55	32	12	18

55	56	28	6	19

71	57	30	11	29

80	58-A	21	19	39

54	58-B	18	5	30

71	59	27	12	29

97	60-A	39	13	26

58	60-B	24	3	21

91	61	38	22	30

114	62	41	28	43

98	63	30	20	48

52	64	8	5	39

54	65	29	6	16

28	66	12	1	l4

29	67	10	5	l4

34	68	17	10	6

131	69	41	25	65

84	70	34	17	33

62	71	21	8	27

57	72	24	9	24

55	73	25	7	23

56	74	15	3	35

58	75	18	13	27



6,845	COUNT___________2,656________1,112	2,828

FOR CITY ATTORNEY
HOWARD W. CANNON
FOR MUNICIPAL JUDGE

S. GEORGE GILSON LOUIS LICKER WALTER J. RICHARDS WM. G. RUYMANN
Votes	CITY ATTY :	JUDGE

Cast_______Precinct_________Cannon______:_____Gilson___________Licker_______Richards_______Ruymann

31	1	22	7	1	17	5

44	2	34	13	2	16	13

60	3	49	19	1	30	10

83	4	74	23	9	40	11

59	5	50	25	3	25	6

130	6	118	33	13	63	20

33	7	24	17	1	12	3

54	8	47	11	1	27	15

89	9	73	28	8	48	b

90	10	78	27	3	41	19

62	ll-A	37	9	b	42	3

60	11-B	42	10	1	39	1

115	12	97	47	1	35	3b

123	13	99	50	7	42	23

63	l4	50	25	4	21	13

142	15	120	75	0	47	19

79	16	67	28	3	42	6

137	17	115	52	8	54	27
Votes	CITY ATTY :	JUDGE

Cast _______Precinct_______Cannon______:_____Gilson_________Licker____Richards_______Ruymann

112	18	101	47	0	39	26

70	19	59	17	0	28	25

82	2 0	67	35	8	29	10

68 	21	55	28	1	27	12

32	22	30	8	1	20	3

89	23-A	62	4	3	81	1

87	23-B	62	8	5	71	3

94	24	80	20	7	51	16

74	25	63	31	2	27	l4

161	26	141	75	2	69	l4

105	27	85	50	7	35	12

120	28	102	47	5	48	19

110	29	93	45	2	46	17

80	30-A	52	8	3	59	3

65	30-B	48	3	0	61	1

74	31	63	21	3	41	8

118	32	85	12	2	84	5

168	33	139	44	7	82	33

128	34	86	23	5	82	9

90	35	77	30	5	42	11

71	36	64	25	4	29	10

105	37	8	3	39	3	36	24

142	38	128	64	5	46	27

113	39	96	41	4	45	22

100	40	80	36	2	44	17

118	41	102	46	3	32	35

102	42	85	35	2	32	31

101	43	84	46	3	37	15

190	44	166	70	9	79	30

126	45	102	40	7	50	26

44	46	32	12	2	28	2

113	47	100	40	2	42	29

125	48	105	39	5	38	43

117	49	99	37	4	57	18

81	50	60	34	1	23	23

23	51	19	11	0	8	3

85	52	74	30	6	31	16

92	53	79	26	6	47	13

60	54	60	27	3	19	11

63	55	51	23	1	29	10

55	56	49	16	3	22	10

71	57	64	29	0	29	13

80	58-A	66	18	2	34	25

54	58-B	50	16	2	21	14

71	59	63	14	3	35	17

97	60-A	66	16	1	65	4

58	60-B	39	8	3	43	2

91	61	75	24	2	44	21

114	62	96	38	6	47	23

98	63	91	26	5	38	29

52	64	47	17	22	20	12

54	65	40	16	3	27	8

28	66	26	6	0	17	4

29	67	27	13	0	13	3

34	68	31	6	0	20	8

131	69	116	48	2	53	25

84	70	73	18	3	38	25

62	71	49	28	2	22	10

57	72	49	15	0	37	5

55	73	46	17	0	28	10

56	74	46	23	0	20	10

58	75	53	25	2	23	7

TOTAL	——— ——————

6,845 COUNT	5,677	2,213	25l	3,111	1,164

Thereupon, it appearing upon the canvass of the returns from the Primary
Municipal Election held May 7, 1957, that the following persons received more
than a majority of the votes case in the respective races, to-wit:

Commissioner 2nd Class	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

and it further appearing that in the other races no person received a
majority of the votes cast, Commissioner Fountain moved that the following
persons in each race should appear on the Ballot for the General Municipal
Election to be held on June 4, 1957:

FOR COMMISSIONER 2ND CLASS	WENDELL BUNKER

FOR COMMISSIONER 4TH CLASS	REX A. JARRETT

HARRIS P. SHARP

FOR CITY ATTORNEY	HOWARD W. CANNON

FOR MUNICIPAL JUDGE	S. GEORGE GILSON

WALTER J. RICHARDS

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Fountain moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:45 P.M.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



 City Clerk	Mayor

5-8-57 - Special

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 15, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 15th day of May, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Ass't City Atty.	Raltton O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Mayor Baker requested that the record show that Commissioner Sharp has been ex-
cused from the meeting and will be present later on.

At this time Mr. Fred Eaton appeared before the Commission requesting the approval
of the tentative map of Morning View Heights No. 2.

Planning Director Franklin Bills advised the Commission that this tentative map was
approved by the Planning Commission on July 24, 1956 subject to the working out
of subsurface drainage to the satisfaction Of the Public Works Department, a
letter from the Power Company indicating lots can be satisfactorily serviced with
power, and a letter from the School District indicating the financial obligation
in lieu of land dedication for school purposes has been met. Mr. Bills fur-
ther advised that the letters from the Power Company and the School District
were on file.

Discussion was held on the drainage and the relocation of Gillies Avenue in this
proposed subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Morning View Heights
#2 be approved subject to proper drainage and the relocation of Gillies Avenue,
and submission of a street profile.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Mr. Bills presented a proposed resolution to approve the undertaking
of a survey to determine the feasibility of an Urban Renewal Project and author-
ize the signing of an application for a Federal advance of funds.

The Planning Director reported that in July of 1956 the Commission adopted a resolu-
tion requesting the reservation of capital grant funds and approving the under-
taking of surveys and plans for this urban renewal project. Mr. Bills stated that
the necessary legislation under Assembly Bill No. 71 passed at the last session of
the Legislature to proceed with this type of project had been secured. He ad-
vised the Commission that this proposed resolution would authorize a survey to
determine whether or not such a project should be undertaken, and in the event
the survey determines that it is not feasible, it will not be necessary to repay
the $16,654.00 required for this survey.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins assured the Commission that this money would
not have to be repaid by the City, in the event the Urban Renewal Project was not
pursued. He did advise the Commission that if the survey showed that this Project
should be undertaken, the repayment would then have to be made.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign said application for a Federal for a federal
advance of funds for the survey to determine the feasibility of the City of Las
Vegas Urban Renewal Project:

A RESOLUTION REQUESTING THE RESERVATION OF CAPITAL GRANT FUNDS,

APPROVING THE UNDERTAKING OF SURVEYS AND PLANS FOR AN URBAN RENEWAL PROJECT,

AND THE FILING OF AN APPLICATION FOR FEDERAL ADVANCE OF FUNDS

WHEREAS, under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended, and the
Housing Act of 1954, the Housing and Home Finance Administrator is authorized to
extend financial assistance to localities in the elimination and prevention of the
spread of their slums and urban blight through the planning and undertaking of
urban renewal projects; and

5-15-57

MORNING VIEW HGHTS.
No. 2

Tentative Map

URBAN RENEWAL
WHEREAS, it is desirable and in the public interest that the City of
Las Vegas prepare surveys and plans, presently estimated to cost approximately
$54,177.00, in order to undertake and carry out an urban renewal project of
the character contemplated by Section 110(c) of said Title I, in that certain
area, proposed as an Urban Renewal Area, situated in the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark and State of Nevada, and described as follows:

Beginning at the intersection of the North line of Owens Avenue,
and the West line of "J" Street; thence easterly along the North
line of Owens Avenue to its intersection with the Union Pacific
Railroad right-of-way; thence Southerly along the West line of
said railroad right-of-way to the intersection of the South
line of West Bonanza Road; thence Westerly along the South line
of West Bonanza Road to the intersection of "H" Street; thence
Northerly along the Best line of "H" Street to the intersection
of West Washington Avenue; thence Westerly along the south line
of West Washington Avenue to the intersection of "J" Street;
thence Northerly along the West line of "J" Street to the point
of beginning.

WHEREAS, the above-cited Federal law requires as a condition to the execu-
tion of a contract for a loan and capital grant for an urban renewal project that
the locality present to the Housing and Home Finance Administrator a workable pro-
gram, as set forth in Section 101(c) of said Title I, for utilizing appropriate
public and private resources to eliminate and prevent the development or spread
of, slums and urban blight, to encourage needed urban rehabilitation, to provide
for the redevelopment of blighted, deteriorated, or slum areas or to undertake
such other feasible community activities as may be suitably employed to achieve
the objectives of such a program; and

WHEREAS, it is recognized that contracts for loans and capital grants
for urban renewal projects will require, among other things, (l) the approval
of the urban renewal plan by the governing body of the locality in which the
project is situated; (2) the provision of local grants-in-aid which may consist
of donations of cash, land, demolition or removal work, and the installation,
construction or reconstruction of streets, utilities, parks, playgrounds or
other improvements or the provision of other public buildings or facilities;
and (3) the development of a feasible method for the relocation of families
displaced from the urban renewal area.



NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners:

Section 1. That the proposed Urban Renewal Area described above is a slum,
blighted, deteriorated or deteriorating area appropriate for an urban renewal
project and that the undertaking by the City of Las Vegas of surveys and plans
for an urban renewal project of the character contemplated by Section 110(c)
of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended and supplemented, in the proposed Urban
Renewal Area described above, is hereby approved.

Section 2. That the financial assistance provided under said Title I to assist
Urban renewal projects is needed and that the Housing and Home Finance Adminis-
trator is hereby requested to reserve for an urban renewal, project in the proposed
Urban Renewal Area described above Federal capital grant funds in an amount suf-
ficient to enable the City of Las Vegas to finance the undertaking of the project.

Section 3. That it is cognizant of the conditions that are imposed in the under-
taking and carrying out of urban renewal projects with Federal financial assistance
under Title I, including the requirements of said Title I respecting the workable
program mentioned above, and that it is the sense of this body (a) that a feasible
method for the relocation of families displaced from the urban renewal area, in
conformity with said Title I, can be prepared, and (b) that local grants-in-aid,
consisting of donations of cash, land, demolition or removal work, and the instal-
lation, construction or reconstruction of streets, utilities, parks, playgrounds
or other improvements or the provision of other public buildings or facilities,
necessary for carrying out in the Urban Renewal Area the urban renewal objectives
of said Title I in accordance with the urban renewal plan, can and will be pro-
vided in an amount which will not be less than one-third of the net project cost
and which, together with the Federal capital grant, will be generally equal to
the difference between gross project costs and the proceeds or value of project
land sold, leased or retained for use in accordance with the urban renewal plan.

Section 4. That the filing of an application by the City of Las Vegas for an
advance of funds from the United States of America in an amount not to exceed
$54,177.00 for surveys and plans for an urban renewal project in the urban
renewal area described above is hereby approved, and that the Mayor is hereby
authorized and directed to execute and file such Application with the Housing
and Home Finance Administrator, and to provide such additional information and
to furnish such documents as may be required by said Administrator, and to act
as the authorized representative of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer George E. Wade requested permission to advertise and receive bids
for the following items:	Batteries, Automotive Tires and Tubes, Diesel and Fuel

Oil, Gasoline, Lubricants, Reproduction Materials, Electric Lamps, Grass Seed,
Fertilizer, Gravel and Maintenance Supplies. Mr. Wade recommended that the first
five items be advertised for opening at the next regular meeting on June 5, 1957
and that the last six items be opened at the June 19, 1957 regular meeting of
the Commission, for the fiscal year July 1, 1957 to June 30, 1958.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and the Public Works
Department be authorized to advertise for bids to be opened by the Commission on
June 5; 1957 at 8:00 P.M. on the following items:

Batteries	Gasoline

Automotive Tires & Tubes Lubricants
Diesel & Fuel Oil

BIDS TO BE OPENED
further that the following bids be opened on June 19, 1957 at 8:00 P.M.:

Reproduction Materials
Electric Lamps
Grass Seed
Fertilizer
Gravel

Maintenance Supplies

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent: Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Wade requested approval to proved with the installation of a sludge diversion
line at the existing sewage treatment plant. He explained that this construction
will provide necessary connection between the sewage digestor tanks and the recent-
ly constructed outfall by-pass line. Mr. Wade advised the Commission that informal
bids have been received from George E. Miller in the total amount of $1300.00 and
from Longley Construction Co. in the total amount of $1800.

The City Engineer recommended that the work proceed and the contract be awarded to
the low bidder, George E. Miller Construction Co.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the con-
tract for the Sludge Withdrawal Line awarded to George E. Miller Construction Co. in
the total amount of $1300.00, further that the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to
sign said contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission the off-site improvements required by
Variance V-8-56 approved by the Commission on July 10, 1956 in conjunction with
the construction of a building to house a laundry and dry cleaning plant on Lots
10 add 11, Block 10, Ladd's Addition in a C-1 Zone (City Laundry at 13th and
Carson) had been completed and inspected. Mr. Wade recommended that this work
be accepted and the bond filed by Mr. Delkin released.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be approved and the installation
of off-site improvements required by Variance V-8-56 be accepted, and the Royal
Indemnity Co. bond in the amount of $2970.00 filed by Mr. A.C. Delkin released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Wade presented the request of V.C. Mendenhall, Contractor on Assessment District
No. 100-36 for extension of time of two (2) weeks for the completion of this pav-
ing district. Mr. Wade stated that the only work to be done, that of sealing and
chipping, had been held up due to weather conditions, and recommended that this
request be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of V.C. Mendenhall Construction Co. for an
extension of two weeks time from May 16, 1957 for completion of Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-36, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Earl A. and Sonya Honrath for
50% interest in that parcel shown as "Parkway" on the amended Mayfair Tract No.

2 Plat.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, Duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and car-
ried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Sonya and Earl A. Honrath for their interest
in that parcel designated as "Parkway" on the amended Mayfair Tract No. 2 Plat, is
accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accep-
ting the deed which is hereby adopted.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15 day of May, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
24 day of April, 1957; executed by Earl A. Honrath and Sonya Honrath, husband
and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Manuel Garcia for a Restaurant
Beverage license at the El Charro, 4l6 West Bonanza be approved as recommended
by the Police Department, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent: Commissioner Sharp.

SLUDGE WITHDRAWAL
LINE

VARIANCE - V-8-56
A.C. Delkin
Accepted and Bond
Released

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36

Extension of Time

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

"Parkway"- Mayfair
Tract No. 2

LIQUOR LICENSES
El Charro
Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Leona Grundy for a Restaurant
Beverage License at the Chili Hut, 1608 Fremont be approved as recommended
by the Police Department, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue author-
ized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Edward Levinson for gaming li-
cense for two (2) additional 21 games at the Fremont Hotel, 200 Fremont be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for permits for Charitable
Solicitation, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

 AMERICAN LEGION AUXILIARY
 LADIES GUILD OF FAITH - COMMUNITY CHURCH
GIRLS SENIOR SCOUTS TROOP #47
 CHRIST CHURCH EPISCOPAL - WOMEN'S AUXILIARY
NEVADA STATE NURSES ASSN. DISTRICT #3
DAUGHTERS OF THE UNION VETERANS
 LAS VEGAS SHRINE CLUB
 LIONS FORTY-NINERS CLUB
 DESERT INN WOMEN' S GOLF ASSOCIATION

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 8648 through 9209 in
the net amount of $77,735.39 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 10519 to
11505 inclusive in the total amount of $123,617.13 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of May 1 and 8, 1957 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 6l0 ALSO KNOWN AS

THE "SPECIALIZED ELECTRICAL ORDINANCE" BY DELETING THE PROVISIONS REQUIRING
AN ANNUAL RENEWAL OF JOURNEYMAN ELECTRICIAN AND ELECTRICAL MAINTENANCE CERTI-
FICATES; BY MAKING IT UNLAWFUL FOR A MASTER ELECTRICIAN TO EMPLOY AND UNLI-
CENSED JOURNEYMAN ELECTRICIANS; PROVIDING FOR REVOCATION OF CERTIFICATES;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF,
having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and Whipple
was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 743 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved that James H. Down, Jr. be reappointed as a mem-
ber of the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas for a period of four
(4) years from the expiration of his term on June 6, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING THE LICENSING OF COLLECTION

AGENCIES, COLLECTION AGENTS AND OTHER PERSONS ENGAGED IN SUCH ACTIVITY;

DEFINING COLLECTION AGENCIES AND COLLECTION AGENTS; PROVIDING FOR INVES-
TIGATIONS OF APPLICANTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS
ORDINANCE; PROVIDING FOR OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND RE-
PEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, was
read by title and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Whipple for recom-
mendation.

GAMING LICENSE

Additional



CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS

Approved



PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

ORDINANCE NO. 743

Electrical Code

HOUSING AUTHORITY

Reappointment

James H. Down

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
COLLECTION AGENCIES
City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the State Planning Commission
that the City submit to them a letter, stating that the City of Las Vegas
has no objections to the State of Nevada obtaining 30 acres on San Francis-
co Avenue to be developed along the lines set forth in their letter. Mr.

Kennedy explained that five acres of this property was proposed to be utilized
by the Bureau of Land Management, five acres by the Reserve Armory. The
City Manager stated that the State Planning Commission emphasized that the
property was not to be used for the new site of the State Building, and they
are still interested in land on East Charleston for this purpose.

The Commission requested that this matter be referred to the City Planning
Commission for investigation and recommendation back to the City Commission.

The City Manager presented a purchase requisition No. 7776 to Mueller Co. for
the purchase of 50 fire hydrants in the total amount of $6,385.00. Mr.

Kennedy explained that this is a revolving fund wherein developers and others
pay the City for the installation of fire hydrants in certain areas.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7776 to Mueller Co.
in the total amount of $6,385.00 for the purchase of 50 fire hydrants be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of V.C. Mendenhall Co. to rent City Street
sweepers to clean up chips on the Westside, Assessment District No. 100-36
at $16.50 per hour.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of V.C. Mendenhall to rent two sweepers
owned by the City at $16.50 per hour for each piece of equipment be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager advised the Commission that a letter has been received from
the Nevada State Department of Health indicating that the City of North Las
Vegas has been requested to pay 10% of the services of a secretary in con-
nection with the Special Childrens Clinic which has been established in Las
Vegas. Mr. Kennedy further stated that when North Las Vegas has agreed to
pay their proportionate share, an adjustment will be made in the amount paid
by the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Kennedy presented the proposed architent's agreement with John Replogle
for the proposed alterations to the City Hall lobby, halls and the rear por-
tion of the building. The City Manager pointed out that the architectural,
fee is 6% of the cost of the work with a payment of 20% of the fee to be
made upon approval of the preliminary plans and sketches; 30% upon approval
of the completed plans; and the remaining 50% of the fee to be paid during
the course of construction.

Commissioner Bunker moved the architects agreement between the City and John
Replogle for the proposed alterations to City Hall be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Clark Coleman be appointed as a member of the
Traffic and Parking Commission for the unexpired term of Robert Cardinal, said
term which ends August 2, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that there has been a great amount
of damage caused by vandalism in the City Parks — Hadland Park, Lions Club
Park and Hyde Park. He estimated that in the last three weeks there has been
between $4,000 and $5,000 worth of destruction. Mr. Kennedy further reported
that plans have been made as to what to do to attempt to stop this destruction.

Mr. Kennedy reported to the Commission that the trusses in the Library need
tightening. The City Manager stated that one informal bid in the amount of
$600.00 had been received for this work, and other bids would be secured, and
a further report to the Commission on this matter.

The City Manager presented the deed to Will Ed and Jack Reily Harris to accom-
plish the return of the property to the Harrises which had been dedicated to
the City to be used for the new West Charleston Fire Station. Mr. Kennedy
reported that this property had not been utilized since it was located in the
Town of Winchester and the City had constructed its West Charleston Fire Sta-
tion on Hinson Drive, below Hyde Park subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the Mayor and Clerk be authorized
to sign the deed returning this property located in the NW¼ of Section 6-21-61
to Will Ed and Jack Reily Harris; and further that a letter of thanks for the
offer of this property for fire station purposes be sent to Mr. and Mrs. Harris.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

NEVADA STATE PLANNING
COMMISSION

FIRE HYDRANTS

USE OF CITY

EQUIPMENT

Assessment District
No. lO0-36

SPECIAL CHILDRENS
CLINIC

CITY HALL REMODELING
ARCHITECT

TRAFFIC AND PARKING
COMMISSION

Appointment of Member

DESTRUCTION OF
CITY PARKS

LIBRARY BUILDING

RETURN OF PROPERTY
Will Ed Harris
Mrs. Jeanne Baker appeared before the Commission at this time to request reconsideration
of her application for a Secondhand Dealers License at Baker's Bargain House, 8l0½ South
5th Street.

Mrs. Baker filed an affidavit with the Commission indicating Jimmie 0. Baker will have no
monetary or personal interest in Baker's Bargain House.

At the hour of 8:30 P.M. Commissions? Sharp arrived at the meeting.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Jeanne Baker for a Second-
hand Dealers license at Baker's Bargain House, 8l0½ South 5th Street be approved, subject
to the affidavit Mrs. Baker has filed with the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and the vote was as follows:

Commissioner Bunker	"Nay"

Commissioner Fountain	"Aye"

Commissioner Sharp	"Not	Voting"

Commissioner Whipple	"Aye"

Mayor Baker	"Aye"

Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised the Commission that since the Chief of Police had
recommended disapproval of this application, approval would require a four-fifths votes of
the Board of Commissioners.

Chief of Police Sheffer advised the Commission that since Mrs. Baker had filed the afore-
mentioned affidavit,that he would now recommend approval of the application.

Thereafter a vote on the motion approving the application was taken, and the motion carried
as follows:

Commissioner Bunker	"Nay"

Commissioner Fountain	"Aye"

Commissioner Sharp	"Aye"

Commissioner Whipple	"Aye"

Mayor Baker	"Aye"

At this time Mr. Marino Brandolini appeared before the Commission concerning an application
for a building permit for addition to his property known as the Monte Carlo Motel located
at 1600 South Main Street. Mr. Brandolini requested the Commission authorize the issuance
of a building permit within the set-back.

Planning Director Bills reported that while the Planning Department could understand Mr.
Brandolini's problem, they had no authority to approve the building permit since the
proposed construction would be located six feet within the 80 foot right-of-way for
Oakey Boulevard.

Discussion followed and it was the concensus of the Board that the 80 foot right-of-way on
Oakey Boulevard from Main to A Street should be reduced and if additional land is needed
that it be acquired from vacant land in that area.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the matter be referred to the Planning Commission to
give consideration to an amendment of the Master Plan of Streets and Highways reducing the
right-of-way requirements on Oakey Boulevard between Main and A Streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8:50 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 9:00 P.M.
with all members present as of the time of recess.

Mayor Baker announced that the disposition and operation of the Animal Shelter would be dis-
cussed at this time, and asked for a report from Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee
appointed to investigate and report on this matter.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he and Commissioner Fountain had met with the Clark County
Humane Society and their attorney, Mr. John Porter several weeks ago, and had discussed
two proposals, which are as follows:

1.	Whether the City of Las Vegas should turn back everything in
the Animal Shelter to the Clark County Humane Society for the
operation of said Shelter by the Society, and the City deed
the property on which these facilities are located to the Hu-
mane Society, or

2.	Whether the City of Las Vegas should take over complete control

of the Shelter, and assume responsibility of the just indebtedness.

The Shelter would be operated solely by the City. That a Board of
Animal Control be appointed to assist in the operation of the
Shelter.

Commissioner Sharp further reported that the second proposal would be the recommendation
of the Committee, with reservations, and that the City Attorney and the Humane Society
attorney, John Porter should meet and work out the proposed agreement. Mr. Sharp stated
that all bills should be checked through the City Attorney's office and the City Manager's
office, and when an agreement has been reached, the City and the Humane Society should
sign the same.

Concerning the outstanding indebtedness, the Committee recommended that only the indebted-
ness against the Humane Society that was accrued for the control of the animals and the
building should be considered.

Commissioner Bunker stated there are some conflicting figures in this regard, and that the
estimated figure of between $21,000 and $23,000 should not be held as an absolute figure,
but should be based on the debts as they are shown for the buildings and the control of
the animals.

2ND HAND DEALERS
LICENSE

MONTE CARLO MOTEL
Building Permit

ANIMAL SHELTER
Commissioner Fountain indicated that no commitment should be made until the City
Attorney, representing the City, and Mr. Porter, representing the Humane Society
can meet and determine an agreement and the amount. He emphasized that the
Animal Control Board, if appointed, would act only in an advisory capacity and
would be appointed by the City Commission.

The Clark County Humane Society, represented by Mr. John Porter, Mrs. Zelda Smith
and Mr. Wells Miller indicated they were in accord with the recommendation of
the Committee, and their attorney would meet with the City Attorney.

The matter was then held in abeyance pending the agreement And the auditing
of the bills, to be presented back to the City Commission for final action.

The Commission considered the application of Jack I. Sklar for a permit to
hold an auction at Vegas Loan and Jewelry, 26 Fremont Street.

Mr. Sklar appeared at this time and advised the Commission that it was his in-
tent to go out of business, and he would like permission to hold this auction
for a period of three weeks.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the application of Jack I. Sklar
for a permit to hold an auction at Vegas Loan and Jewelry, 26 Fremont Street
be approved for a period of three weeks, commencing May 17, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Attorney John Spann appeared before the Commission on behalf of Mr. Claude
Dudrey owner of the De Luxe Motel at 601 South 5th Street, protesting the
Hotel-Motel Outdoor Advertising Ordinance No. 731. Mr. Spann was requested
to discuss this matter with the City Attorney's office.

Mr. Gus Andros appeared before the Commission protesting the adoption of Ordi-
nance No. 742 concerning the licensing of astrologers and persons in similar
occupations.

Discussion was held on the request of the Parade Committee of the annual
Elks Helldorado for financial assistance in the expense of network Tele-
cast of the Beauty Parade.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the City be authorized to spend a maximum
of $2500.00 for an East Coast telecast, or a maximum of $1500.00 in the
event the hook-up only goes as far as the Mid-West.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain was designated to meet with the Parade Committee to
work out the details concerning this expenditure.

There being no further business to come before the Board Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 10:05 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

Roes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



 SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

5-15-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 22, 1957

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers of the City Hall,
on the 22nd day of May, 1957, at the hour of 8:00 P.M. to consider the follow-
ing matters:

1.	Public Hearing - Vacation of a portion of Jackson Avenue

2.	Public Hearing - Vacation of "M" Street

______s/ C. D. Baker_____________________

Mayor

AUCTION PERMIT

ORDINANCE NO. 731
Protest

ORDINANCE NO. 742
Protest

HELLDORADO
Beauty Parade
Telecast
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS

P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager,

R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City At-
torney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call
this day issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Council
Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 22nd day of May, 1957,
at the hour of 8:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Public Hearing - Vacation of a portion of Jackson Avenue

2. Public Hearing - Vacation of "M" Street

s/ Shirley Lodwick______________

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administra-
tive assistant and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit
due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting:

_____s/ C. D. Baker__________________ _______s/ Howard W. Cannon___________

_____s/ Wendell Bunker_______________ _______s/ Reed Whipple_______________

_____s/ Harris P. Sharp______________ _______s/ R. F. Boos_________________

_____s/ E. W. Fountain_______________ _______s/ A. H. Kennedy______________

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 22nd day of May, 1957 was called to order at the hour of
8:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Field Engineer	Ken Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition
of Burley M. Jones and other property owners, and the recommendation of
the Planning Commission for the vacation of "M" Street between Washington
and Adams, His Honor asked if there were any objections to the vacation
of this street.

No one present objected, and there were no protests filed with the Clerk
concerning the proposed vacation.

Planning Director Bills stated that the vacation of this street was one
of the conditions set forth by the Planning Commission when recommending
approval of the tentative map of Bonanza Terrace, the same having been con-
sidered and approved by the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held
April 17, 1957.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that pursuant to the recommendation
of the Planning Commission, this petition for the vacation of "M" Street
located between Washington and Adams, be approved, and the following order
adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 11th day of April, 1957, signed by three (3)
freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the
Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of a portion of "M"

Street hereinafter described, and said Petition having been by Order of
this Board, referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
for its recommendation in the premises, and said Planning Commission hav-
ing filed its report, dated April 12, 1957, and this Board approving and

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation of "M"

Street


recommending said vacation;

And this Board by an order made at its regular meeting held on the 17th
day of April, 1957, set the 22nd day of May, 1957, at the hour of 8:00 P.M.
at the Commissioner's Room of the Board of Commissioners, in the City Hall,
located at 400 Stewart Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
as the time and place for the Public Hearing on said petition and recommenda-
tion, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid portion of street pro-
posed to be vacated to be posted with a Notice setting forth the time and
place of the Public Hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Dwight Engebregson, filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy
of which Notice is attached to said Affidavit, was posted on the 22nd day of
April, 1957, in the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the Hearing on said Petition for vaca-
tion and the recommendation of the Planning Commission thereon, and this Board
having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said
Petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of Mayor Baker and Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and Whipple, constituting all members of said Board present
at this meeting, and all members voting in favor of said vacation, that the
strip of land proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public
use and convenience, that said vacation will inure to the benefit of the
City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be mater-
ially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of street as
recorded as Document No. 14857, Book 15, Clark County Records, to-wit:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
being a portion of the S½ of the S½ of the SW¼ of the NE¼
of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, MDB&M,
more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

PARCEL I

The East 30 feet of the W½ of the S½ of the S½ of the SW¼
of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, SAVE and
EXCEPT, the North 30 feet and the South 40 feet, thereof.

PARCEL II

The West 30 feet of the E½ of the S½ of the S½ of the SW¼
of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M. SAVE and
EXCEPT, the North 30 feet and the South 40 feet thereof,

be and the same is hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition of
Otis & Florence Harris, Sam & Mattie Williams, Julius Robinson and Ramsarut
Maraj for the vacation of that portion of Jackson Avenue located between "N"
Street and Highland Avenue, His Honor asked if there were any objections to
this proposed vacation.

Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Starling, 206 Madison Avenue, appeared before the Commis-
sion claiming that they were the owners of this property. A check revealed
that Mr. and Mrs. Starling are owners of the property abutting the southerly
portion of this property proposed to be vacated.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on this proposed vaca-
tion of a portion of Jackson Avenue located between "N" Street and Highland
Avenue be continued until the next regular meeting of the Commission on June
5, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that City Attorney Cannon and Assistant City Attorney
Hawkins be authorized to represent the City at the Civil Aeronautics Hearing
on the Dallas to West Service, Docket #7596 et al to be held in Dallas, Texas
either May 31 or June 3, 1957, and that expenses be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation of a
Portion of
Jackson Avenue

C.A.B. HEARING -

Dallas, Texas

City Attorneys

to Attend
Mr. Bruce Gilbertson appeared before the Board and requested
permission to build four model homes on Parcels 15, 16, 17 and
18 of Bonanza Terrace. No action was taken by the Commission on
this request since the final map of this subdivision has not been
presented for consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commis-
sioner Fountain moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 5, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 5th day of June, 1957, was called to order at the hour
of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Works Engineer	Victor B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Administrative Assistant      Robert F. Boos

Mayor Baker requested that the Clerk read a letter from Commissioner
Wendell Bunker which advised the Commission that he would be unable to
attend this meeting since his daughter was graduating from the Las Vegas
High School. Commissioner Bunker further advised that the report from
the Juvenile Committee was ready and would be made at the first available
meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Commissioner Bunker's reason for absence
from this meeting be made a matter of record.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mayor Baker announced that Walter J. Richards is to be appointed as Acting
Judge of the Municipal Court during the absence of Judge S. George Gilson,
commencing June 10th until Mr. Richards officially takes office on July 1,
1957. His Honor asked if there were any objections to this appointment;
none were voiced and the Commission concurred in this appointment.

Consideration was given to a letter under date of May 29, 1957, received from
Assemblyman George E. Franklin, Jr. in which he requested cities and counties
to adopt an ordinance making the cause for revoking a gaming license, contri-
butions to political campaigns.

Commissioner Whipple moved this letter be ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

His Honor announced that this was the time tor the continuation of the Public
Hearing on the petition of Otis & Florence Harris, Sam & Mattie Williams,
Julius Robinson and Ramsarut Maraj for the vacation of that portion of
Jackson Avenue between "N" Street and Highland Avenue.

Mayor Baker stated that the request had been made that this hearing be con-
tinued to give the City Attorney the opportunity to make a further legal

study of this matter, and asked if there were any objections to the con-
tinuance of the matter. No objections were voiced.

BONANZA TERRACE

Request to Build

Model Homes

ACTING JUDGE OF
MUNICIPAL COURT
Appointment

GAMING LICENSES -
Letter from Assembly-
man Franklin

PUBLIC HEARING -

Vacation of Jackson

Avenue


Commissioner Sharp moved this hearing be continued until June 19, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of Nelle Price Rossi for variance to permit the
renting of three additional bedrooms at her residence at 1713 Ophir Drive (Lot 6, Block 11
Bonanza Village Tract) in an R-E zone.

Mayor Baker stated that a letter had been received from Mrs. Rossi advising that she will
be out of town and requesting that this matter be continued. His Honor asked if there
were objections to the continuance of this matter until the next meeting of the Commission.

Several property owners from Bonanza Village Tract were present and stated that they did
object to the continuance and requested that action be taken to deny the application for
variance.

Planning Director Bills reported that Mrs. Rossi's application for variance had been denied
by the Board of Adjustment on the ground that this would in effect constitute a commercial
hotel. Mr. Bills further reported that there had been a substantial number of protests
in person and by petition at the hearing held by the Board of Adjustment.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Nelle Price Rossi that action on her
application for variance be continued, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying the appli-
cation of Nelle Price Rossi for variance to rent three additional bedrooms at her residence
at 1713 Ophir Drive be accepted, and the said application denied, and the following resolu-
tion adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of Nelle Price Rossi for var-
iance to permit renting three additional bedrooms at her residence at 1713 Ophir Drive
(Lot 6, Block 11, Bonanza Village Tract) in an R-E zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application on the grounds that this would in effect constitute a commercial hotel;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Nelle Price Rossi
for variance to permit renting three additional bedrooms at 1713 Ophir Drive be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of the Walt Investment Co. for a use permit to
construct, operate and maintain a building to house the Nevada Test Site offices, warehouses,
shops and parking space for the Atomic Energy Commission on a five (5) acre parcel of land
on the west side of Rancho Road, approximately 300 feet south of Bonanza Road as extended.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Mr. Alfred Luke, President of the Walt
Investment Company had contacted him and requested that this matter be continued until the
next meeting.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the continuance of this matter until
June 19, 1957.

The following persons objected to the continuance and also voiced their protest against
the granting of this use permit:

Jack Richardson
Dr. Gilbert Eklund
Max Kelch

Harry Hayden Whitely, representing himself and Messrs Ryland Taylor,
Ousley, Jones and Hall
Roy Long

W. W. Southard, Jr.

M. M. Sweeney - by letter

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Walt Investment Co. that action on their
application for a use permit be continued until June 19, 1957 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying the appli-
cation of the Walt Investment Company for a use permit to construct, operate and maintain
a building to house the Nevada Test Site Offices, warehouses, shops and parking space for
the AEC be accepted, said application denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of the Walt Investment Company
for a use permit to construct, operate and maintain a building to house the Nevada Test
Site offices, warehouses, shops and parking space for the Atomic Energy Commission on a
five (5) acre parcel of land situated on the west side of Rancho Board, approximately 300
feet south of Bonanza Road as extended; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

VARIANCE -	V-4-57

Nelle Price Rossi

Denied



USE PERMIT - U-9-57
Walt Investment Co.
Denied
NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
Walt Investment Company for a use permit to construct, operate and maintain
a building to house the Nevada Test Site offices, warehouses, shops and parking
space for the Atomic Energy Commission on the west side of Rancho Road, be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the meeting at 7:45 P.M.

Consideration was given to the application of George Oliver and Harry Benson for
reclassification of Lot l4, Block 11 and Lot 6, Block 12, Fairview Addition from
R-2 to R-4. The Planning Commission recommended this application be approved.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application for reclassification of Lot l4, Block
11, and Lot 6, Block 12 of Fairview Addition from R-2 to R-4 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of Robert W. Owens for a variance to
construct a plant nursery office building in connection with a nursery at 2601
East Bonanza Road (Lots 7 and 8, Block 1, Artesian Acres).

Planning Director Bills reported that this application had been approved by the
Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1. All construction must conform to R-E zoning regulations.

2. All construction must conform to Fire Zone #2 regulations.

3.	All existing structures on the property are to be razed and
trash removed.

Mr. Bills further advised that an improvement agreement has been signed and that
no bond is necessary.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved subject
to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of Robert W. Owens
for variance to construct a plant nursery office building in connection with a
nursery at 2601 East Bonanza Road (Lots 7 and 8, Block 1, Artesian Acres); and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application subject to l) All construction must conform to R-E zoning;
a) All construction must conform to Fire Zone #2 regulations; 3) All existing
structures on the property must be razed and trash removed, and the Board having
been advised the improvement agreement has been signed and no bond is necessary,

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Robert
W. Owens for variance to construct a plant nursery office building at 2601 East
Bonanza Road be approved subject to said conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

The application of W. H. Bell for variance to erect an accessory building less than
the required distance from the rear property line and less than the required dis-
tance from an existing building between Palomino and Pinto Lanes in an R-A zone
was considered.

Planning Director Bills requested that this matter be referred back to the Plan-
ning Department for further study.

Commissioner Whipple moved the variance application of W. H. Bell for variance
be referred back to the Planning Department for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Gilbert Eklund and Dr. Vincent
Sanner for variance to construct a professional, office building for five offices
on Lots 5, 6, 7 and a portion of Lot 8, Block 3; El Centro Addition #2 in an
R-4 zone and to construct said building within 3 feet of the front property line
where the Zoning Ordinance required 10 feet.

Mr. Bills reported that it was the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that
the variance to build the structure 3 feet from the property line be denied, and
in lieu thereof, a Use Permit be granted for said construction in accordance with
R-4 zone setback requirements of 10 feet from the front property line.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the granting of this Use Permit.

Mr. Cleveland Schultz was present at this time and advised the Commission that a
petition protesting the granting of a Use Permit had been filed with the Clerk,
signed by approximately 32 property owners. Mr. Schultz stated that these

REZONING - Z-5-57
Oliver & Benson

VARIANCE - V-5-57

Robert W. Owens

VARIANCE - V-6-57
W. H. Bell

VARIANCE -	V-3-57

Drs. Eklund & Sanner
property owners objected not only to the granting of a Use Permit for the construction
of a medical center, but they did not wish anything built in this neighborhood, which
is located at Weldon Place between St. Louis and El Centro Place, other than strictly
residential structures.

City Attorney Cannon explained that in an R-4 zone the Commission has the right to
grant a Use Permit for this type of construction if they determine use is necessary
for the public health, safety, convenience or welfare.

Dr. Sanner advised the Commission that it was their plan to construct the type of
building that would be adaptable to the neighborhood and would be landscaped to look
as well or better than any neighboring building.

Mayor Baker announced that it was 8:00 P.M., the time set for opening of bids, so the
application of Drs. Eklun and Sanner to construct a professional office building would
be continued after the bid openings.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the supplying of batteries
to the City for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958, bids
were received from the following firms:

Western Petroleum Distributors
Tidewater Oil Company

Commissioner Fountain moved these bids be referred to the City Manager and Engineering
Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the furnishing of Diesel
and Fuel Oils to the City for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 1957 and ending June
30, 1958, bids were received from the following firms:

Standard Oil Company

Union Oil Company

Shell Oil Company

Western Petroleum Distributors

Tidewater Oil Company

Texas Company

Richfield Oil Company

Signal Oil Company

Commissioner Whipple moved these bids be referred to the City Manager and Engineering
Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the furnishing of lubricants
to the City for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958, bids were
received from the following firms:

Union Oil Company

Shell Oil Company

Standard Oil Company

Western Petroleum Distributors

Tidewater Oil Company

Richfield Oil Company

Texas Company

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Engineer-
ing Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of bids for the furnishing of tires and
tubes to the City for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958, bids
were received from the following firms:

Western Petroleum Distributors
Superior Tire
Tidewater Oil Company

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Engineer-
ing Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

At the hour of 8:30 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at 8:45 P.M. with all members
present as of the time of recess.

Commissioner Fountain introduced the following emergency ordinance, which was thereupon
read in full and at length, and is as follows:

AN ORDINANCE CONCERNING CERTAIN LICENSE TAXES FIXED AND IMPOSED UPON HOTELS, MOTELS AND
UPON GAMING, BY ASSIGNING SUCH TAXES TO THE COUNTY OF CLARK FOR THE PAYMENT OF THE PRINCI-
PAL OF AND INTEREST ON THE CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, GENERAL OBLIGATION PUBLIC BUILDING AND
RECREATION BONDS, SERIES JANUARY 15, 1957; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

BID NO. 57.10
Batteries

BID NO. 57.ll
Diesel & Fuel
Oils

BID NO. 57.13

Lubricants



BID NO. 57.14
Tires & Tubes

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
NO. 744

Convention Hall


WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark and State of
Nevada, is a municipal corporation duly organized and existing under
Chapter 152, Statutes of Nevada, 1911, as from time to time amended; and

WHEREAS, the County of Clark has issued its Clark County, Nevada,

General Obligation Public Building and Recreation Bonds, Series January
15, 1957, in the principal amount of $4,500,000.00, payable from general
(ad valorem) taxes levied and collected by the County, also payable from the net
revenues derived by the operation of the County's exposition and convention hall
building and other recreational, facilities of the County operated and maintained
by the County Fair and Recreation Board of Clark County and being acquired with
proceeds of the designated bonds, also payable from the net revenues derived by
the County from certain license taxes fixed and imposed for revenues by the
County upon designated operators of hotels and motels and of gaming located
and situated outside the limits of incorporated cities within the County, and
also payable from the net revenues derived from similar license taxes fixed
and imposed for revenue by incorporated cities upon designated operators of
hotels and motels and of gaming therein and made available for the payment
of said bonds; and

WHEREAS, the City fixed and imposed license taxes for revenue upon hotels
and motels and upon gaming by Ordinance No. 734, passed and approved the 1st
day of February, 1957; and

WHEREAS, those taxes were levied by the City for the purpose of being made
available and being used for the redemption of said bonds; and

WHEREAS, due to the necessity of immediately making available for the pay-
ment of the principal of and interest on said bonds the revenues derived by the
City from the license taxes herein designated, the Board of Commissioners of the
City has determined, and does hereby declare, that an emergency exists, requiring
this ordinance to take effect from and after its passage and publication in accord-
ance with law.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. That the proceeds derived from the license taxes levied and col-
lected by the City of Las Vegas pursuant to Ordinance No. 734, passed and adopted
the 1st day of February, 1957; are hereby assigned to the County of Clark, and made
available, for the redemption of the Clark County, Nevada, General Obligation
Public Building and Recreation Bonds, Series January 15, 1957; exclusive of the
costs of administration provided for by Section 7 of Ordinance No. 734 in an amount
not to exceed ten per centum (10%) of the gross revenue collected.

Section 2. That the Board of Commissioners has expressed in a preamble to
this ordinance the existence of an emergency and the reason therefor, and it is
hereby declared that an emergency exists and that this ordinance is necessary
for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 3. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for
two successive weeks immediately following its final, reading and adoption in the
Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall
become effective immediately following the second publication thereof.

The Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance
were as follows:

Those Voting Aye:	Commissioner Fountain

Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple

Mayor C. D. Baker

Those Voting Nay:	None

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED, this 5th day of June, 1957.

(SEAL)	C. D. Baker_____________

Mayor

Attest:

Shirley Lodwick_____________

City Clerk

It was then moved by Commissioner Fountain and seconded by Commissioner Whipple
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are
hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the. suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result:	Those voting Aye:

Commissioner Fountain, Commissioner Sharp, Commissioner Whipple and Mayor
Baker. Those voting Nay:	None. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Fountain then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as
read and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll
was called with the following result:	Those voting Aye:	Commissioner Fountain,

Commissioner Sharp, Commissioner Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting Nay:

None. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.
The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners present having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted
as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Fountain moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 744.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The Commission again considered the application of Drs. Gilbert Eklund and Vincent Sanner
for variance to construct a professional office building at Weldon Place between St. Louis
and El Centro Place, said matter having been interrupted to allow for the opening of bids
at 8:00 P.M.

Mr. Cleveland Schultz was present and stated that the petitioners protesting this variance
asked that he speak in their behalf. Mr. Schultz urged that the Commission deny this
application for variance or a use permit to allow the construction of any type of office
building in this area.

Mr. Jack Pocras of 2011 Santa Clara Drive also spoke in protest to the granting of per-
mission to construct a professional, office at this location, and stated that he also felt
that it would increase traffic conditions and jeopardize the safety of children going
to and from school in this area.

Mr. W. J. Barnes also requested that the application be denied.

The Commission asked the protestants if they had been given an opportunity to look at the
proposed plans of this construction, and suggested that this should be done before any
conclusive action is taken on the application.

Dr. Eklund stated that the plans were available and he would be glad to show them to
anyone who was interested in seeing them.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be held in abeyance until June 19, 1957
to permit the protestants to look over the proposed plans.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of Harry E. Miller, Trustee and Receiver for
the Moulin Rouge Hotel property for a use permit authorizing operation and maintenance of
administrative office building and laboratories, together with incidental uses by the
Atomic Energy Commission on property situated at 900 West Bonanza Road.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that this application had been approved by
the Board of Adjustment, subject to the signing of an agreement for the installation of
off-site improvements and the posting of a bond.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the granting of this use permit.

Mr. Larry Stecher appeared in protest and stated that he questioned the legality of any
action the Commission might take to grant Mr. Miller's request since Mr. Miller does not
intend to remodel or convert the Moulin Rouge but merely represents the Bankruptcy Court
in their effort to sell the property to a successful bidder with the U.S. Atomic Energy
Commission.

City Attorney Cannon stated that Mr. Miller did have the right to make this application
if Mr. Miller has been so ordered to make such application by the Court, and the Commis-
sion has the authority to grant the use permit if they see fit.

Mr. David Goldwater, representing Mr. Miller in this application, advised the Board that
this was an unusual situation whereby a plan had been devised by the Bankruptcy Court to
permit the sale of this property in order to satisfy the lien-claim of a large group of
local citizens. He stated that one of the requirements of the Atomic Energy Commission
was that this property be made available for the conversion into an administrative office
building and laboratories for their use.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving the application of Harry E. Miller, as Trustee and Receiver for the Moulin Rouge,
for a use permit, authorizing the operation and maintenance of administrative office
building and laboratories, together with incidental uses by the Atomic Energy Commission
at 900 West Bonanza Road be accepted, said application approved subject to the signing
of an improvement agreement and posting of a bond; and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a re-
gular meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of Harry E. Miller,

Trustee and Receiver for the Moulin Rouge Hotel for a use permit authorizing operation
and maintenance of administrative office building and laboratories, together with inci-
dental uses by the Atomic Energy Commission on property situated at 900 West Bonanza
Road; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving said
application subject to the signing of an improvement agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements and the posting of a bond;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Harry E. Miller,
Trustee and Receiver for the Moulin Rouge Hotel, for a use permit authorizing operation
and maintenance of administrative office building and laboratories, together with inci-
dental uses by the Atomic Energy Commission at 900 West Bonanza Road be approved sub-
ject to signing of an improvement agreement for installation of off-site improvements
and the posting of a bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp passed his vote stating that his firm had been contacted to do the
architectural work, and were also the original architects on the Moulin Rouge.

VARIANCE - V-3-57
Drs. Eklund & Sanner

USE PERMIT - U-10-57
Harry E. Miller
Moulin Rouge
The Commission considered the application of Marquita A. Manning for a use permit
to convert an existing building into a professional office at 300 Maryland Park-
way (Lots 17 and 18, Block 10; Pioneer Heights); in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills reported that the Board of Adjustment had approved this appli-
cation subject to an improvement agreement and bond; both of which had been signed
and are on file.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the granting of this use permit.

None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
the application of Marquita A. Manning for a use permit to convert a building at
300 Maryland Parkway into a professional office be approved and the following re-
solution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas; Nevada at
a regular meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of Marquita
A. Manning for use permit to convert an existing building into a professional
office building at 300 Maryland Parkway (Lots 17 and 18; Block 10; Pioneer Heights)
in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the signing of an improvement agreement and bond both
of which are on file;

NOW; THEREFORE; it is the decision of this Board that the application of Marquita A.
Manning for use permit to convert a building into a professional office at 300 Mary-
land Parkway be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Fountain; Whipple; Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes; none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Bunker.

Mayor Baker read a memorandum from the City Attorney concerning a request from the
Clark County School District that the law be enforced relating to the sale of tobacco
products to school-age youngsters.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager and Chief of Police be instructed to notify
all dispensers of tobacco products that they are responsible to see that unlawful sales
are not made; and that their licenses are subject to revocation in the event they permit
unlawful sales.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Whipple and Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission regarding parking restrictions
in the area of West Charleston Boulevard; "A" Street and Main Street; was considered at
this time.

Mr. A1 Bossi; Traffic Engineer explained that it was proposed that "no parking" restri-
ctions be imposed in the following area in order to permit access to "A" Street from
Main Street:

1.	All that area lying within the north right-of-way line and the north
curb line of West Charleston Boulevard; beginning 120 feet west of
the westerly curb line of South Main Street and extending westerly

a distance of 230 feet.

2.	Along the southeasterly curb line of South Main Street Extension;
beginning at the intersection of said curb line with the westerly
curb line of South Main Street and extending southwesterly to the
northerly curb line of West Charleston Boulevard.

3.	Along both curb lines of South "A" Street; beginning at the northerly
right-of-way line of West Charleston and extending northerly a dis-
tance of 40 feet.

Discussion was held and the Commission requested that a permanent barricade be placed
on the City's right-of-way to prohibit access to Charleston Boulevard by way of the
driveway in front of Ellinghams; said permit having been issued by the State of
Nevada.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Park-
ing Commission be approved and "no parking" restrictions imposed in the above des-
cribed area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain; Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Traffic Engineer A1 Bossi presented a map showing the recommendation of the
Traffic and Parking Commission for bus stop locations in the central business
district and along South 5th Street.

The proposed locations were recommended as follows:

1.	Along the south curb line of Bridger Avenue, 20 feet west of South
5th Street.

2.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 20 feet north of
Clark Avenue.

3.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 20 feet south of
Garces Avenue.

4.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 20 feet north of Gass
Avenue.

USE PERMIT - U-8-57
Marquita A. Manning



SALE OF TOBACCO
PRODUCTS TO MINORS

"NO PARKING" ZONES
W. Charleston - "A"

& Main Streets

BUS STOPS -
South 5th Street
Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 50 feet south of Charleston
Boulevard.

6.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, at 1400 South 5th Street.

7.	Along the west curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	50	feet	north	of Utah Avenue.

8.	Along the west curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	30	feet	south	of Oakey Boulevard.

9.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 200 feet north of South Main Street.

10.	Along the west curb line of	South	5th	Street,	50	feet	south	of Boston Avenue.

11.	Along the west curb line of	South	5th	Street,	50	feet	north	of San Francisco

Avenue.

12.	Along the east curb line of South 5th Street, 20 feet south of San Francisco
Avenue.

13.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	20	feet south of Boston Avenue.

14.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	in	front of Midvay Motors.

15.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	20	feet north of Oakey Boulevard.

16.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	in	front of Yucca Wedding Chapel.

17.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	in	front of Lon Morris lot.

18.	Along	the east curb line of	South	5th	Street,	50	feet	south	of Charleston Blvd.

19.	Along	the east curb line	of	South	5th	Street,	20	feet	south	of Gass Avenue.

20.	Along	the east curb line	of	South	5th	Street,	20	feet	south	of Bonneville Ave.

21.	Along	the east curb line	of	South	5th	Street,	30	feet	south	of Levis Avenue.

22.	Along the north curb line of Bridger Avenue, 86 feet vest of South 5th Street.

23.	Along the east curb line of North 4th Street, 64 feet south of Stewart Street.

Discussion vas held concerning the placement of the bus stops on the far side of the inter-
section, wherever possible so that vehicular traffic will not be impeded by the bus stopping
in front of cars wishing to make a right turn.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the proposed bus stops on South 5th Street and in
the central business district as recommended by the Traffic Engineer, Police Department
and Transit Company be approved, with the request that another survey be conducted as to
the possibility of placing some stops on the far side of the intersection wherever possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Ken Hansen, Field Engineer, presented the request of Pioneer Builders, Inc. for extension
of 6 months for the completion of Sunset Manor #2. Mr. Hansen stated that it vas the re-
commendation of the Engineering Department that this extension of time be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Pioneer Builders Inc. for extension of 6 months
for the completion of Sunset Manor #2 be granted, subject to receipt of a letter from the
bonding company indicating that the extension vas acceptable and guaranteeing that the
subdividers' bond would cover this extension of time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration vas given to the request of Charles J. Dorfman, contractor for the Outfall
Sever for final payment on this project in the amount of $90,616.17. It vas recommended
by the Engineering Department that this final payment be made, but that the performance
bond and materialsmen bond be retained until such time as lien claims have been cleared by
the contractor.

Commissioner Whipple moved that final payment of $90,616.17 to Charles J. Dorfman for the
construction of the Outfall Sewer be approved, subject to the retention by the City of the
performance and materialsmen bond; further, that the Comptroller and Treasurer be author-
ized to prepare and issue a warrant in this amount.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Field Engineer Ken Hansen presented the request of Wells Cargo for final payment on the
Street Repair Contract, and recommended that this payment be made.

Commissioner Whipple moved that final payment to Wells Cargo on the Street Repair Contract
in the total amount of $2,796.63 be approved, and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized
to issue said warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration vas given to the recommendation of the Engineering Department that Moss Tracts
Nos. 4 and 5 be accepted and the bonds released.

Commissioner Fountain moved, that Moss Tracts Nos. 4 and 5 be accepted and the bonds re-
leased.

SUNSET MANOR #2
Extension of Time

OUTFALL SEWER
Final Payment

STREET REPAIR
CONTRACT
Final's Payment

MOSS TRACT NOS.

4 & 5

Acceptance &
Release of Bond
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

At this time the Engineering Department recommended that the improvements in McNeil
Tract #4 be accepted, and the bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved that McNeil Tract #4 be accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and carried
unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Werner J. and Berteen Wyler for Hinkle Drive is ac-
cepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the
deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of June, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 23rd day
of January, 1957; executed by Werner J. Wyler and Berteen Wyler, husband and wife to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

The Commission considered the application of Otis Harris for permission to move a
house from 1311 North "H" Street to 1503 North "N" Street.

Supervisor of Building & Safety Art Trelease recommended that if this application
is approved that approval be granted subject to the posting of a bond and agreement
to bring this structure up to building and fire code regulations. Mr. Trelease fur-
ther advised the Commission that this district requires a minimum building area of
1200 square feet.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Otis Harris for a permit to
move a house from 1300 North "H" Street to 1503 North "N" Street be approved subject
to the posting of a bond, agreement to bring the structure up to Code and compliance
with the minimum building area requirement of 1200 square feet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of Lester Goldring for the Package Liquor
and Beer Bar license at Galen's Liquor Store, 1216 South Main Street, formerly issued
to Galen Barrow, The Police Department recommendation on this applicant was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Lester Goldring for the Package Liquor
and Beer Bar license at Galen's Liquor Store, 1216 South Main Street be approved, and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to Issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Drexel R. Denton for the Restaurant Beverage
license at the Hickory Wood Bar-B-Q, 315 Fremont Street, formerly issued to Gus and
Helen Corey, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of Larry C. Atkinson for a Wholesale and Impor-
ters Beverage License at 601 North Main Street, dba Larry Atkinson, Distributor. The
Police Department recommended favorably on this application.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Larry C. Atkinson for a Wholesale and
Importers Beverage License at 601 North Main Street, dba Larry Atkinson, Distributor,
be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of Drexel R. Denton for gaming license for
5 slot machines at the Hickory Wood Bar-B-Q, 315 Fremont Street formerly issued to Gus
and Helen Corey. The recommendation of the Police Department was favorable.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Drexel R. Denton for license for 5 slot
machines at the Hickory Wood Bar-B-Q, 315 Fremont Street be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of R. E. Timm, of Timm Distributing Co., slot
machine operator for a gaming license at Uncle John's Pancake House, 1404 Fremont. The
Police Department recommended favorably on Mr. Timm as a slot machine operator.

MC NEIL TRACT #4
Acceptance and
Release Of Bond

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Hinkle Drive

HOUSE MOVING PERMIT
Otis Harris



LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
Galen's

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
Hickory Wood

LIQUOR LICENSE
New

Larry Atkinson

GAMING LICENSE
Change of Owner

Hickory Wood

GAMING LICENSE
New

Timm Distributing Co.
Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Timm Distributing Company for lic-
ense for 3 slot machines at Uncle John's Pancake House, l404 Fremont Street be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be approved
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

BROWN DERBY	P.L.	Jefferson	320	Monroe	4	slots

BOULDER CLUB -

2ND OPERATION	By:	J. L. Young	118	Fremont	7	slots

GOLDEN NUGGET	By:	C. C. King	129	Fremont	1	"21"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Abe Miller for a percentage interest in the
Golden Gate, 1 Fremont Street, gaming and liquor license, said percentage formerly held by
Abe Harris, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 9210 through 9791 in the net amount of
$70,554.98 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 11506 through 11674 in the
total amount of $177,645.89 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of May 15 and 22, 1957 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the request of Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney, for military leave
for tour of duty commencing June 6 through June 15, 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of City Attorney Cannon for leave from June 6 through June
29, 1957; for military duty be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance re-
gulating collection agencies, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Arthur Smith, Jr. be reappointed as a member of the Golf Board of
the City of Las Vegas, for a period of five years, said term to expire June 30, 1962.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase requisition for seed and fertilizer for the Ball
Park adjacent to the Municipal Golf Course in the amount of $1,528.50 and recommended its
approval.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7586 to Clark County Wholesale in the
total amount of $1,528.50 for seed and fertilizer for the Ball Park adjacent to the Municipal
Golf Course be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that it would be necessary to make an appointment as Acting
Director of Public Works until the vacancy created by the resignation of Director of Public
Works George Wade has been filled. He explained that during this interim period there would
be subdivision maps and other such documents that would need to be signed by someone in this
capacity, and the City Manager recommended that Works Engineer Victor Uehling be appointed
as Acting Director of Public Works.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that Victor Uehling be appointed as Acting Director of
Public Works.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the purchase requisition for final payment to Wells Cargo on the
Street Patching Contract. Mr. Kennedy recommended this requisition in the total amount of
$2,367.58 be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8409 to Wells Cargo in the total
amount of $2,367.58 for final payment on the Street Patching Contract be approved and the
purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

GAMING LICENSE
Additional

GAMING & LIQUOR
Add'n of Partner

Golden Gate

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

MILITARY LEAVE
City Attorney

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

GOLF BOARD -
Reappointment of
Arthur Smith

BALL PARK -
Seed & Fertilizer

ACTING DIRECTOR OF
PUBLIC WORKS

Appointment

STREET REPAIR
CONTRACT
Requisition for
Final Payment
The City Manager presented the request of Whiting Brothers to lease land from the City,
located in the vicinity of Nellis Air Force Base and adjacent to the gravel plant. Mr.
Kennedy explained that this was to be a temporary arrangement while the contractor
was completing the paving of Highway 91 from North Las Vegas to Nellis Air Force Base,
and presented the proposed lease as prepared by the City Attorney's office.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Whiting Brothers to lease land
from the City being in the SE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T19S, R62E, Mdb&M, be ap-
proved, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request from the Base—Community Council of Southern Nevada
for a grant from the City in the amount of $1,250.00 for a six-months operation from
July 1st to December 31st, 1957. The City Manager explained that proportionate
shares were to be received from the other local governmental agencies, and it was
the belief of the Base-Community Council that after six months time their needs would
be taken care of under the United Fund.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the Base-Community Council of Southern Nevada
for a grant from the City of $1,250.00 for the period from July 1 to December 31;

1957 be approved, and the Comptroller authorized to issue six (6) equal payments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the purchase requisition in the amount of $3,465.00 for
replacement of a motor in the fire engine stationed at the Hyde Park Fire Station, and
requested its approval. Mr. Kennedy stated that since the equipment was a Seagrave
truck the only applicable firm to request a price from was Seagrave-Hirsch Inc.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7784 in the total amount of
$3,465.00 to Seagrave-Hirsch Inc. for a replacement motor for the fire engine at Hyde
Park Station be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The City Manager requested permission to purchase Clark County School Bonds in the
amount of $6,000 out of the Cemetery Perpetual Care Fund. Mr. Kennedy explained
that this money has been previously invested in Federal Bonds with an approximate
interest rate of 2-3/8%, but that the County School Bonds would realize an estimated

4.55%.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to invest $6,000 of the
City's Cemetery Perpetual Care Fund in Clark County School Bonds; and he is further
instructed to purchase ten (l) year bonds, and the Comptroller and Treasurer author-
ized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the purchase requisition in the amount of $2,420.00 for
fire-fighting clothes for the additional personnel in the Fire Department. Mr. Kennedy
explained that this request was for equipment such as helmets, turn-out pants and coats,
and boots, and that this was the lowest bid that had been received from contacting
several firms.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7785 to Wardlaw Equipment Co.
for fire-fighting clothes in the total amount of $2,420.00 be approved, and the pur-
chase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the District Court has requested that the City
appoint as appraiser to determine the amount of damage to the property of Anne M.

Powell, whose claim is presently in Court. The City Manager reminded the Commission
that this claimant purports that damage was caused to her house and property from
water coming from the sewage disposal, plant.

Discussion was held, and it was the consensus of the Commission that there should be
three appraisers on this matter, rather than just one person.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Court for appointment of an appraiser
in the claim for damage suit by Anne M. Powell be approved, with the stipulation
that three appraisers be agreed upon to act in this capacity.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented purchase requisitions for the printing of ballots and
furnishing of poll book covers for the City's Primary and General Elections held
May 7th and June 4th, 1957; and recommended their approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2223 to Bonanza Printers
in the total amount of $1,181.00 and Purchase Requisition No. 2224 to Brimmie's in
the total amount of $1050.00 for election supplies be approved and the purchase
orders authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

LEASE OF CITY LAND
Whiting Bros.

BASE-COMMUNITY COUNCIL
Fund Grant

WEST CHARLESTON
FIRE STATION

Fire Engine Motor
Replacement

INVESTMENT OF FUNDS
Cemetery Perpetual
Care Fund -

School Bonds

FIRE FIGHTING CLOTHES
To be Purchased

CONDEMNATION SUIT
Anne M. Powell

ELECTION SUPPLIES
Mr. William Morse, attorney representing the Palm Mortuary in their request to purchase
approximately three acres of land within the Woodlawn Cemetery for the purpose of con-
structing a mausoleum, appeared before the Commission at this time. Mr. Morse explained
that his clients were anxious to purchase this parcel of land and proposed to spend be-
tween $75,000 and $100,000 in the construction of this structure.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that he had checked the deed and law con-
cerning the right of the City to sell any of this land, and if it was their desire to
do so it could be accomplished so long as the mineral, oil and water rights were ex-
cepted from the sale.

The Department of Public Works reported that the request had been checked and that
approximately 17 acres had been used by the City since establishing Woodlawn Cemetery
in 1915.

It was determined that negotiations in this regard should continue and a report be made
by the City Manager at a later meeting.

Consideration was given to the request of Emanuel Freedman who sharpens knives and scissors
for reduction in the solicitor's license fee.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved and the Supervisor of License and Rev-
enue authorized to classify Mr. Freedman under the gross volume of business classification.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker,

City Manager Kennedy presented the agreement concerning the application to the Federal Gov-
ernment for a grant of $39,000 for additional, work on the new Sewage Disposal Plant, and
requested authorization to accept same and signature by the Mayor. Mr. Kennedy further
requested that this approval be granted subject to said agreement being checked and approved
by the City Attorney.

Commissioner Sharp moved the agreement with the Federal Government for a grant of $39,000
for additional work on the new Sewage Disposal Plant be approved, and the Mayor authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker passed his vote. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Discussion was held with the Commission concerning the ordinance requiring registration of
casino employees and others, which further provides for annual renewal and re-registration
with the Police Department. City Manager Kennedy stated that it was the recommendation,
after conferring with the Chief of Police, that this ordinance be amended to permit renewal
possibly every three years in the event the registrant maintains a good record.

The Commission concurred in this recommendation and authorized the preparation of a proposed
ordinance amendment.

Discussion was held with the City Manager on the replacement program planned for vehicular
equipment of the City. Mr. Kennedy requested permission to secure bids on the following
pieces of equipment:

1.	Four (4) pickup trucks

2.	Four (4) business coupes

3.	Two (2) small dump trucks

4.	Two (2) six yard dump trucks

5.	Three (3) motorcycles

6.	Paddy wagon for Police Department

7.	One	(l)	Station	wagon

8.	One	(l)	Sedan

9*	One	(l)	Tanker Truck

The City Manager estimated	the	overall	cost	would be approximately $48,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to secure bids
for the aforementioned replacement equipment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Planning Director Bills gave a progress report on the Workable Program for Urban Renewal.

He explained that the certificate issued the City by the Housing and Home Finance Agency in
February of 1956 is due to expire in July of this year, and requested authorization to make
application for renewal in order that the program can be continued.

Commissioner Whipple moved this progress report on the Workable Program for Urban Renewal be
accepted, and the Mayor authorized to submit application for renewal of the certificate for
continuation of this project to the Administrator of Housing and Home Finance Agency.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, at the hour of 10:45 P.M.
Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting recess until June 11th at the hour of 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

PROPOSED PURCHASE OF

PROPERTY IN CEMETERY

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
REDUCTION
Emanual Freedman

AGREEMENT—FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT
Grant of Funds for
New Sewage Disposal
Plant

AMENDMENT TO
REGISTRATION

ORDINANCE



EQUIPMENT REPLACE-
MENT PROGRAM

URBAN RENEWAL -
Progress Report
Renewal of
Certificate
Las Vegas, Nevada
June 11, 1957

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 11th day of June, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Administrative Assistant Robert F. Boos
Asst. City Attorney	Ralston 0. Hawkins

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

At this time Mr. B. Mahlon Brown, attorney, representing Mr. Caesar Murphy, manager
of the Arthur Murray School of Dance appeared before the Commission. Mr. Brown ex-
plained that Mr. Murphy was contemplating the establishment of a dance hall, pri-
marily for teen-agers, and was negotiating to lease the building located between
15th and l6th on Fremont known as the Vegas Theater. Mr. Brown further stated that
it was their request that the Commission consider an amendment to the existing
ordinance concerning public dance halls in order that Mr. Murphy's proposed enter-
prise could be accomplished. He advised the Commission that Mr. Murphy had consid-
erable experience in this sort of business, and had operated the local Arthur
Murray School of Dance since 1952. Mr. Brown explained that it was proposed to
hold two dances each week from 9:00 P.M. until 12:00 Midnight; one on Thursday and
the other on Saturday. He also stated that the dance hall would be available for
use of private parties and organizations.

The Commission questioned Mr. Murphy on his plans for off-street parking. Mr.
Murphy advised the Board that a great amount of his customers would not be driving
cars, and that was one of his main reasons for choosing this readily accessible
location. He further stated that there was a vacant lot in the area that he felt
certain he could buy or lease to be used as a parking lot.

The matter was taken under advisement by the Commission, to be further considered
at a subsequent meeting.

This being the time set for the canvass of ballots cast at the General Municipal
Election held June 4, 1957 for the election of a Commissioner 2nd Class, a Commis-
sioner 4th Class, a City Attorney and a Municipal Judge, the result of said canvass
was found to be as follows:

The following errors were found by the Commission while conducting the canvass of
the official candidate ballots:

Precinct No. 11A	-	For Municipal Judge, Walter J. Richards

received 54 votes instead of 55.

Precinct No. 23B	-	For City Attorney, Howard W. Cannon re-

received 73 votes instead of 43.

PRECINCTS	COMMISSIONER	COMMISSIONER	CITY	MUNICIPAL JUDGE

2nd Class	4th Class	ATTORNEY

NO. Total Votes

Cast	Wendell Bunker      Rex A.     Harris P.	Howard W.    S.George     Walter J.

Jarrett      Sharp	Cannon     Gilson       Richards

1	41		27	27	13	29	11	30

2	44	28	31	13	30	16	27

3	63	46	40	21	51	26	37

4	90	71	60	30	71	23	65

5	69	50	39	31	56	28	4o

6	128	107	68	57	111	40	88

7	33	20	16	16	22	17	15

8	63	48	38	24	54	17	44

9	102	76	53	45	79	25	77

10	104	72	52	51	76	29	75

ll-A	68	45	33	33	44	13	54

ll-B	68	51	32	32	52	10	54

12	125	87	52	73	89	70	53

13	121	106	48	71	102	55	65

14	78	62	21	56	60	44	33

15	158	154	64	93	134	91	65

16	90	68	42	48	70	4l	48

17	144	120	66	70	112	80	62

18	119	87	53	66	91	53	66

19	72	56	34	38	56	25	47

20	83	55	48	35	53	42	41

21	66	42	32	32	46	30	36

22	43	35	28	15	36	20	23

23-A	91	69	4o	38	70	7	82

23-B	101	65	46	47	73	7	93

24	107	79	59	46	86	38	69

25	84	67	48	36	69	36	48

26	174	142	90	82	140	73	101

27	117	93	52	61	96	69	48

28	127	104	67	56	102	62	62

29	109	94	46	63	94	50	59

30-A	84	54	43	35	54	8	72

PROPOSED PUBLIC
DANCE HALL

CANVASS OF ELECTION
RETURNS

General Municipal

Election


PRECINCTS	COMMISSIONER	COMMISSIONER	CITY

2ND CLASS	4TH CLASS	ATTORNEY MUNICIPAL JUDGE

No. Total Votes	Wendell Bunker        Rex A.       Harris P.	Howard W.        S. George    Walter J.

Cast	Jarrett        Sharp	Cannon           Gilson      Richards

30-B	77	49	43	23	44	2	69

31	76	60	51	25	63	20	55

32	127	95	42	72	86	18	102

33	170	130	69	101	135	68	100

34	122	87	54	50	81	33	83

35	83	64	50	32	68	24	59

36	70	60	4l	29	62	35	33

37	104	74	43	60	79	55	48

38	154	120	83	71	129	64	89

39	132	99	73	58	98	52	77

40	105	73	56	43	76	40	65

41	105	84	35	70	85	43	66

42	105	92	50	54	93	50	53

43	104	84	42	61	80	55	49

44	205	161	98	106	165	102	103

45	136	103	71	66	105	64	72

46	52	38	29	23	37	17	35

47	107	87	45	62	90	63	44

48	116	96	42	74	96	66	50

49	1ll	76	63	43	81	38	72

50	84	64	39	45	62	40	44

51	33	23	19	14	23	17	16

52	83	67	47	37	66	40	44

53	96	84	34	62	82	37	58

54	80	69	49	31	70	39	37

55	67	50	38	29	53	31	36

56	62	53	44	16	55	22	37

57	72	59	37	33	62	27	45

58-A	80	66	22	57	69	31	48

58-B	64	45	32	30	44	25	37

59	74	63	4o	34	64	18	54

60-A	90	66	38	47	66	13	74

60-B	59	39	25	29	41	11	46

61	97	82	49	45	80	46	51

62	130	105	70	60	106	48	82

63	123	101	54	69	102	49	74

64	79	64	27	52	65	30	49

65	64	37	35	26	42	22	42

66	40	26	25	15	29	7	33

67	28	24	16	12	24	15	13

68	39	30	23	16	31	9	29

69	126	106	44	80	111	53	72

70	77	61	41	36	66	33	44

71	71	55	28	37	52	38	33

72	61	49	32	29	52	16	45

73	50	40	25	25	42	22	28

74	61	51	24	37	50	30	31

75	47	40	20	27	40	26	21

TOTAL VOTES -	7264	5625	3525	3590	5698	2860	4320

TOTAL NUMBER OF REGISTERED VOTERS -	21,353

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board of Commissioners that the necessary number of votes had
been cast for their respective offices, Commissioner Whipple moved that:

Wendell Bunker be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner 2nd Class of the
City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further resolved that the City Clerk
be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to said Wendell Bunker.

Howard W. Cannon be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected City Attorney of the City
of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further resolved that the City Clerk be
and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to said Howard W. Cannon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Thereupon, it appearing to the Board of Commissioners that the majority of all votes had been
cast for their respective offices, Commissioner Whipple moved that:

Harris P. Sharp be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner 4th Class of the
City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four year, and it is further resolved that the City Clerk
be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to said Harris P. Sharp.

Walter J. Richards be and is hereby declared to be the duly elected Municipal Judge of the
City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and it is further resolved that the City Clerk
be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election to said Walter J. Richards.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented purchase requisitions for the purchase of office furniture
for the Fire Department, Police Department and Municipal Court. Mr. Kennedy explained
that bids had been secured from three local concerns, and the lowest bids was that of Lee
Office Equipment, 421 North Main Street.

POLICE & FIRE
DEPARTMENTS
Office Furniture
Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that Requisition No. 7731 for the Fire
Department, Requisition No. 7164 for the Police Department, and Requisition No.

1066 for Municipal Court, to Lee Office Equipment for furniture in the total
amount of $2,187.68 be approved, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to came before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
June 19, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 19th day of June, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney    Ralston O. Hawkins
Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Mayor Baker announced that Commissioner Reed Whipple was on vacation and would not
be in attendance at this meeting.

This being the continuation of the public hearing of May 22nd and June 5th, 1957
on the petition of Otis & Florence Harris and others, for the vacation of that
portion of Jackson Avenue between "N" Street and Highland Avenue, His Honor asked
for a report from the City Attorney's office on this matter.

Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised the Commission that it was their recommenda-
tion that the Board abandon the vacation proceedings, and if it is determined that
this street is not necessary, that the property be deeded back to the original grantors.

At this time the Clerk read the following resolution denying the petition for vacation:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, a Petition for Vacation was filed with the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas on April 5th, 1957; petitioning the Board of Commissioners to vacate the
land described as follows:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situated in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the North-
west One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section
28, Township 20 South, Range 6l East, M.D.B. & M., and being more
particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southwest comer of the Northwest One-Quarter
(NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, Township 20
South, Range 6l East; thence North along the Westerly line of the
Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Sec-
tion 28, a distance of 429.42 feet; thence East parallel with the
North line of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-
Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, a distance of 40 feet to the true
point of beginning; thence continuing East and parallel with said
North line a distance of 113.92 feet more or less to a point on the
East line of that certain parcel of land, conveyed by Arnold Zaugg
to Otis Harris, as described in Document 283990 by Parcel 2, re-
corded April 29, 1948 in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark
County, Nevada; thence South along the Easterly line thereof to the
Northeast comer of that certain parcel of land conveyed by Otis
Harris to Arthur Starling and Gertrude Starling, as described in
Docket 312302, recorded May 11, 1949 in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; thence West along the North line
thereof a distance of 113.92 feet to a point; thence North parallel

with and 40 feet East at right angle to the West line of the North-
west One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section
28, to the true point of beginning;

VACATION OF STREET
Portion of Jackson
WHEREAS, public hearings were held on the said Petition for Vacation by the Planning
Commission and by the Board of Commissioners; and

WHEREAS, it has been determined that said land is no longer needed for street pur-
poses, the purpose for which it was originally granted to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the persons petitioning for the vacation were the original, grantors of
the property to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the most equitable solution to the problem is for the denial of the
petition for Vacation and for a solution by other means;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of June, 1957, that the Petition
for Vacation signed by Otis Harris and Florence Harris and others, for the vacation of
a portion of Jackson Avenue be, and the same hereby is, denied.

APPROVED this 19th day of June, 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved the aforesaid resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

The Clerk then read the following resolution authorizing the return of this property
to the original grantors:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Petition for Vacation of certain property in the City of Las Vegas
more particularly described as follows:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situated in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼)
of the Northeast One-Quarter)NE¼) of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 6l
East, M.D.B.& M., and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southwest comer of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the
Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 6l East;
thence North along the Westerly line of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the
Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, a distance of 429.42 feet; thence
East paralell with the North line of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the
Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, a distance of 40 feet to the true
point of beginning; thence continuing East and parallel with said North line
a distance of 113.92 feet more or less to a point on the East line of that
certain parcel of land, conveyed by Arnold Zaugg to Otis Harris, as described
in Document 283990 by Parcel 2, recorded April 29, 1948 in the Office of the
County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; thence South along the Easterly line
thereof to the Northeast comer of that certain parcel of land conveyed by
Otis Harris to Arthur Starling and Gertrude Starling, as described in Docket
312302, recorded May 11, 1949 in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark
County, Nevada; thence West along the North line thereof a distance of 113-92
feet to a point; thence North parallel with and 40 feet East at right angle to
the West line of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter
(NE¼) of Section 28, to the true point of beginning.

has been denied by this Boards and

WHEREAS, this can be accomplished by the City of Las Vegas quitclaiming the said
property to the original grantors,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of June, 1957, that the
Mayor and the City Clerk be, and they hereby are authorized, to sign a Quitclaim
Deed to Otis Harris and Florence Harris, reconveying the property described in that
certain Quitclaim Deed recorded July 12, 1954 as Document #14852, Book 15, Official
Records of Clark County, Nevada.

APPROVED this 19th day of June, 1957

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing resolution be adopted and order
made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Consideration was given to the appeal of Walt investment Company of the denial of their
application for a use permit to construct, operate and maintain a building to house the
Nevada Test Site offices, warehouses and appurtenances, for the Atomic Energy Commission
on a five (5) acre parcel of land on the west side of Rancho Road, approximately 300 feet
south of Bonanza Road as extended.

His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. Alfred Luke, President of the Walt Investment Company appeared before the Commission
and read his petition for appeal.

Mayor Baker stated that he took exception to the statements in this appeal. He said the
Commission in denying the application of the Walt Investment Company was following legal
procedure, acting on the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment. He further stated that
the Board is composed of five members who have equal right to vote on all matters; that
the Walt Investment Company has not been denied the right to appeal or deprived of any-
thing. The Mayor continued that when an appeal has been filed, which is the case in this
instance, the Commission must set a public hearing not less than ten days nor more than
thirty days.

USE PERMIT - U-9-57
Walt investment Co.
Appeal of Denial
Public Hearing Set
Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on the appeal of the denial
of the application of Walt Investment Company for a use permit be held on July 10,

1957 at the hour of 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

Mayor Baker asked that the record show that he denies the allegations in the affidavit
of Walt Investment Company in substance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that consideration on the application of Drs. Eklund and San-
ner for a variance to erect a professional building at Weldon Place between St. Louis
and El Centro Place be held in abeyance until there is a full Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissions

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

The Commission considered the request of the State of Nevada that the City indicate
they have no objection to the State applying to the Bureau of Land Management for
use of thirty (30) acres of land on San Francisco and Atlantic for State facilities.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the letter of the State Planning Board
requesting a letter from the City of Las Vegas stating that the City had no objection
to their applying to the Bureau of Land Management for use of 30 acres of land on San
Francisco and Atlantic Avenue for State facilities. Mr. Bills advised the Commission
that the matter had been given approval by the Planning Commission and recommended
that the City Commission also approve the request.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request be approved and the City Manager authorized
to direct a letter to the State Planning Board to the effect that the City of Las
Vegas has no objection to the acquisition of 30 acres of land on San Francisco and
Atlantic Avenue in Section 1 T21S R6lE MDB&M by the State of Nevada provided that any
use to which this land is put is consistent with local development plans and compatible
with present and proposed adjacent land uses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.15; for the furnishing
of Electric Lamps to the City for the period commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June
30, 1958, the following bid was received:

OSBORNE ELECTRIC COMPANY

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and Engineer-
ing Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Comis-

sioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.16 for the furnishing
of fertilizer to the City of Las Vegas for the period of commencing July 1, 1957 and
ending June 30, 1958, bids were received from the following firms:

GARDEN CENTER	$9,176.72

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	9,234.00

DESERT NURSERY	9,280.84

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and En-
gineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.17 for the furnishing
of grass seed to the City of Las Vegas for the period commencing July 1, 1957 and ending
June 30, 1968, bids were received from the following firms:

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	$1,370.00

DESERT NURSERY	1,310.00

GARDEN CENTER	1,324.50

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and En-
gineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.18 for the furnishing
of gravel to the City of Las Vegas for the period commencing July 1, 1957 and ending
June 30, 1958, bids were received from the following firms:

WELLS-STEWART CONSTRUCTION CO.	$109,250.00

ALLIED BUILDING MATERIALS	183,000.00

LAS VEGAS BUILDING MATERIALS	154,500.00

IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO.	  119,250.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and En-
gineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

VARIANCE - V-3-57
Drs. Eklund & Sanner
Continued

STATE OF NEVADA
Application for
Federal Land

BID NO. 57.15
Electric Lamps
Opened



BID NO. 57.16
Fertilizer
Opened

BID NO. 57.17
Grass Seed
Opened

BID NO. 57.18
Gravel
Opened
This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.19 for the furnish-
ing of maintenance supplies to the City of Las Vegas for the period commencing
July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958; a bid was received from the following firm:

ZELLERBACH PAPER CO.	$1,420.00

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain; Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes; none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.20 for the fur-
nishing of reproduction paper to the City of Las Vegas for the period commencing
July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958; bids were received from the following firms:

LAS VEGAS BLUEPRINT	$1,017.35

MERCURY BLUE PRINT	1,428.68

PARAGON BLUE PRINT CO.	No Bid

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the tentative map of Morning View Heights No. 2. Plan-
ning Director Bills advised the Commission that the original tentative map of this
subdivision had been approved by the Planning Commission on July 24, 1956. He re-
ported that the City Commission had approved the map on May 15, 1957; subject to
proper drainage, relocation of a street, and submission of a street profile. He
further explained that the re-design required by the City Commission was unsatis-
factory to the Subdivider, and the matter was again considered by the Planning Com-
mission on June 13, 1957. At this Planning meeting, the Planning Commission agreed
to again submit this map with the original design to the City Commission, together
with a report from the City Engineering Department indicating that surface drainage
is proper.

Discussion followed with the Planning and Engineering Departments and Fred Eaton,
Engineer for the subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Morning View Heights #2
be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioier

Whipple.

Field Engineer Kenneth Hansen requested a change order in the Westside Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-36 concerning alley approaches from curb line to property line. Mr.
Hansen reported that the Contractor for this District, V.C. Mendenhall, proposed
that the cost will be $2.35 per square yard with an overall cost of $10,025.10. Mr.
Hansen recommended that this change order be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a change order concerning alley approaches in
Assessment District No. 1OO-36 in the total amount of $10,025.10 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the acceptance and final payment on the East and West
Charleston Boulevard Fire Stations. Field Engineer Ken Hansen reported that the
Notice of Completion was recorded on May l4, 1957; and recommended that these
fire stations be accepted; that final payment of $11,233.25 be made, but the per-
formance bonds retained until such time as the paint manufacturer has had the op-
portunity to inspect the paint jobs on these projects.

The Commission asked the Assistant City Attorney if the retention of the performance
bonds would protect the City in the event there is any discrepancy in the paint on
these fire stations. Mr. Hawkins indicated that until these bonds are released,
the City would be protected.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the East and West Charleston Boulevard Fire Sta-
tions be accepted, and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue a war-
rant for final payment to the Contractor, Western States Construction Co., in the
total amount of $11,233.25.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the request for payment for inspection by the Architect,

John Replogle on the West Charleston Boulevard fire station. Discussion was held
on the fact that the original agreement provided only for payment for preparation
of plans and inspection fees on the East Charleston Fire Boulevard Fire Station
at a cost of 6% of the construction price, but no provision was made for the West
Charleston Boulevard Fire Station.

It was the recommendation of the Engineering Department that the agreement be modi-
fied to provide payment to the architect for the inspection of the West Charleston
Boulevard Fire Station in the amount of 3% of the construction cost of this pro-
ject, and that payment in the amount of $l,849.58 to Mr. John Replogle be authorized.

BID NO. 57.19
Maintenance Supplies
Opened

BID NO. 57.20
Reproduction Paper

MORNING VIEW
HEIGHTS #2
Tentative Map

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Change Order-Alley
Approaches

EAST & WEST
CHARLESTON BLVD.

FIRE STATIONS
Acceptance & Final
Payment

WEST CHARLESTON
FIRE STATION
Architect Agreement
Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an amendment
to the Contract with Architect John Replogle on the East and West Charleston
Boulevard Fire Stations and upon signing of the agreement by the architect, the
Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue a warrant in the total amount of
$1,849.58.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Field Engineer Ken Hansen presented the revised final map of Westwood Park #2
for consideration. Mr. Hansen reported that the subdivider Mr. O.H. Nelson has
signed an agreement and posted a bond to cover the realignment of curb and gut-
ter and relocation of street lights in the cul-de-sac at the southwest corner of
Westwood Park Circle.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Commission considered the request of the Subdividers of the Twin
Lakes Estates for an extension of 120 days for the completion of the off-site im-
provements. Field Engineer Hansen recommended that this extension be granted sub-
ject to review by the City Attorney of a letter from the Bonding Company indicating
the performance bond will cover this request for extension of time.

Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised the Commission that the performance bond
would take care of this request for extension of time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request for extension of time of 120 days from June
15, 1957 for the completion of the off-site improvements in Twin Lakes Estates be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that all bids received on Bid No. 57.10 on June 5;
1957 for the furnishing of batteries to the City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year
commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958; be rejected, and authorization
granted to readvertise for bids.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and all bids received on
Bid No. 57.10 be rejected; further that authorization be granted to readvertise
to receive bids for the supplying of batteries to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes,none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of Tidewater Oil Company on Bid No.
57*11 for the furnishing of Diesel and Fuel Oils to the City of Las Vegas for the
period commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958, be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.11 for the furnishing of Diesel and
Fuel Oils to the City be awarded to Tidewater Oil Company and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 57.12 for the furnishing of gasoline to
the City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June
30, 1958 be awarded to Shell Oil Company.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 57.12 for
the furnishing of gasoline to the City be awarded to Shell Oil Company, and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 57.13 for the furnishing of lubricants to the
City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June 30,
1958 be awarded to Western Petroleum Distributors.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 57.13 for
the furnishing of lubricants to the City be awarded to Western Petroleum Distribu-
tors.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 57.13 for
the furnishing of lubricants to the City be awarded to Western Petroleum Distrib-
utors s, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 57.14 for the furnishing of tires and
tubes to the City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and
ending June 30, 1958, be awarded to Superior Tire Company, be reason of the fact
they met all qualifications and bid in accordance with the specifications.

WESTWOOD PARK #2
Final, Map

TWIN LAKES ESTATES
Extension of Time

BID NO. 57.10
Batteries
Rejected

BID NO. 57.11
Diesel & Fuel Oil
Awarded

BID NO. 57.12

Gasoline

Awarded



BID NO. 57.13
Lubricants

Awarded



BID NO. 57.14

Tires & Tubes

Awarded


Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 57.14 for the
furnishing of tires and tubes to the City be awarded to Superior Tire Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the request of George W. and Daisy Head to move a house
from 508 Van Buren to 913 Monroe. Supervisor of Building and Safety, Art Trelease
presented pictures of the structure, and recommended that if this permit be granted
that the approval be conditioned on the filing of a bond to include requiring the
applicant to bring the building up to Code.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of George W. and Daisy Head to move a
house from 508 Van Buren to 913 Monroe be approved subject to the posting of a
bond to include bringing the building up to Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Lester Goldring to change the name
of the package liquor and beer bar license of Galen's, 1219 South Main Street to
The Pub be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Arthur Nunez to change the name on the
Retail Beverage License of the All-Nite Market, 921 South Main Street to the Bi-
Rite Market, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the application of Milton Prell, A.F. Winter, J.D. Hal1
and L.B. Scherer for a liquor license for the operation of two taverns at The Mint,
110 Fremont Street. Chief of Police Ray Sheffer advised the Commission that his
department recommended favorably on this application.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Milton Prell, A.F. Winter, J.D. Hall
and L.B. Scherer for two tavern licenses at The Mint, 110 Fremont Street be ap-
proved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commis-

sioner Whipple. Commissioner Sharp disqualified himself from voting and stated
that the firm of Zick & Sharp were architects on this building.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Arthur Nunez to change the name of
his business on his gaming license for four (4) slot machines at the Bi-Rite Mar-
ket, 921 South Main Street from the All-Nite Market, be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Fred Weber for additional gaming li-
cense for 2 slot machines at the Log Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st Street be approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Z.L. Enterprises for an additional
gaming license for one "21", one Pan and one Poker at the Louisiana Club, 1322 F
Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Milton Prell, A.F. Winter, J.D. Hall
and L.B. Scherer for a new gaming license at The Mint, 110 Fremont Street for 291
slot machines, 3 Craps, 6 "21", 1 Race Horse Keno and 1 Roulette be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commis-

sioner Whipple. Commissioner Sharp disqualified himself from voting since his
firm was the architect on this building.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Arthur Nunez for change of name on
his license for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products from the All-
Nite Market to the Bi-Rite Market, 921 South Main Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

HOUSE MOVING PERMIT
George Head

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Name
The Pub

Bi-Rite Market

LIQUOR LICENSE
New

The Mint

GAMING LICENSE
Change of Name
Bi-Rite Mkt.

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Log Cabin Bar

Louisiana Club

GAMING APPLICATION
New

The Mint

CIGARETTE LICENSES
Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for new licenses for the retail
sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

ASHWORTH & ASHWORTH

ACCOUNTANTS	Sutton Vending	913 E. Charleston

CITY CENTER MOTEL	Sutton Vending	7th	& Fremont

LAS VEGAS HOTEL	Sutton Vending	300	South 1st

STANDARD STATION	Sutton Vending	844	Tonopah Road

SUNSET CAFE	Sutton Vending	415	W. Charleston

BONANZA CAFE	Valley Lee Vending	4l0	W. Bonanza

GILBERT BROS. LIQUOR	Valley Lee Vending	400	W. Bonanza

OLD WEST MOTEL	Valley Lee Vending	801	South 5th

DESERT HILLS MOTEL	M.D. Close	2121 E. Fremont

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

At this time Mayor Baker requested Chief of Police Ray Sheffer to add the above
names to the notice he is sending out regarding sale of cigarettes to minors.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 10001 through 10572 in the
net amount of $77,043.79 be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 11677 through 12652
in the total amount of $125,249.47 be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the Warrant Register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of June 11, 1957 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

At this time the Commission considered the public officials' bonds submitted to the
City Clerk by Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and Muni-
cipal Judge Walter J. Richards.

Commissioner Bunker moved these bonds be accepted and ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

At the hour of 8:45 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 9:05 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission again considered the tentative map of Morning View Heights #2.

Commissioner Fountain requested that his motion earlier in the meeting holding this
matter in abeyance, be withdrawn. Commissioner Bunker also requested that his sec-
ond to Commissioner's Fountain's motion be withdrawn.

Thereafter, Commissioner Sharp moved that the tentative map of Morning View Heights
#2 be approved, conditioned on the submission by the Subdivider to the City Engineer-
ing Department in writing, all documents as required by the Engineering Department and
proper calculations and cross-sections showing definitely the drainage will be taken
care of at the intersection of Bonita and 17th Streets; that there is no possibility
of water flooding on the east side of 17th and that the slab elevation of houses on
the east side of 17th Street are established sufficiently high to prevent flooding
of houses on the east side of 17th Street and that adequate drainage include sub-
surface drainage provided in relation to adjacent subdivisions. The Engineering De-
partment was further requested to make a progress report of the above at the next
regular meeting of the Commission, insofar as compliance by the Subdivider of these
conditions is concerned.

It was further stated by the Commission that consideration of the final map of this
subdivision would not be made until the above was complied with.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the request from Louis Wiener, Jr., owner of the building
located at 711 Fremont Street that he be authorized to maintain this building on its
present location.

The City Manager explained that a portion of this building is encroaching on the al-
ley running north and south between Fremont and Carson Streets, and advised the Com-
mission that Mr. Wiener has agreed to enter into an agreement with the City to realign
the building when and if it becomes necessary to rebuild or destroy the said building.

Assistant City Attorney Hawkings presented to the Commission the proposed license a-
greement with Mr. Wiener and recommended its approval.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



PUBLIC OFFICIALS
BONDS



MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS
#2

Tentative Map

AGREEMENT
711 Fremont Bldg.
Alley Encroachment


Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the agreement with Louis J. Wiener, Jr. on
the building located at 711 Fremont Street be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance concerning Collection Agencies, requested additional time before reporting.

Mayor Baker asked for a report from the Youth Committee, said committee being com-
posed of Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker speaking on behalf of the Committee read the following report:

June 19, 1957

"Mayor C.D. Baker and Board of City Commissioners:

Your Youth Committee submits herewith the following report:

In order to make an intelligent and an objective report on the Youth Activities of
this City, your Committee held a Public Hearing on March 29, 1957. Approximately
30 people were in attendance, representing several of the social and fraternal a-
gencies of the City of Las Vegas. Each individual, present was given ample oppor-
tunity to express themselves and many of those present did make interesting and
objective statements. A list of the people present at the Public Hearing is a
matter or record in the minutes of the Meeting.

After a lengthy discussion, it was the concensus of opinion of those present that
a temporary committee be appointed to make a further study of the problems involved
and report their findings to the group at the next meeting. The following committee
was appointed by Commissioner Bunker: Joe Rue, Chairman, John Conway, Mrs. Sherwin

Garside, John Wawerna, Glen Stanfield and Don Pulliam. The temporary committee
met on April 4th, 1957 and discussed the proposals made at the public hearing end
heard a report from Mr. Bruce Trent as to what the present Recreational Program in
the City of Las Vegas includes. It was the thinking of the Committee that a ques-
tionnaire be directed to the membership of the three High Schools to determine
from them just what additional facilities were needed in the City of Las Vegas.

Such a questionnaire was submitted to the students of the three high schools and
the results were tabulated by the Las Vegas Council of Parents and Teachers Associa-
tion. The data this questionnaire produces is available to the Advisory Council.

After due and careful study of the problems involved the Temporary Committee came
forth with the following recommendations to your Committee:

1.	That a Youth Advisory Council be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners
for a period of one year, at which time consideration can be given to the feasi-
bility of the continuance of this council.

2.	That the Council be comprised of not more than seven members.

3.	That the Youth Advisory Council organize itself, meet regularly and submit
minutes of meetings to the City Manager and Board of City Commission's.

4.	That the Youth Advisory Council meet and function with the Superintendent of
Recreation of the City of Las Vegas.

5.	That the Youth Advisory Council, when appointed, be instructed by the Board of
City Commissioners that their duties will be to study, plan and to recommend to
the Superintendent of Recreation, the City Manager and the Board of City Commis-
sioners all matters pertaining to the further development of the overall youth pro-
gram.

6.	That recommendations be made to the Board of City Commissioners on the expendi-
ture of funds which may be forthcoming from grants, and/or donations to the Youth
Program.

7.	That matters pertaining to the Youth Activities of the City of Las Vegas be re-
ferred to the Youth Advisory Council for their consideration and recommendations.

Your Honor, in filing this report, the Committee would like to make a few recommen-
dations and observations.

The Committee would like to thank all of those people who have so willingly devoted
their time in helping you Committee to arrive at these conclusions. It is the
Committee's feeling that some method should be generated to interest the help of
more adults in all phases of the City Recreational Program. It is evident there
are many people who would be willing to assist in craft classed and other programs,
just as we have many men and women assisting in the Baseball program. An active
campaign should be instituted to contact those people that are willing to assist
in the recreational program. To augment the Recreational Program it is necessary
that we solicit additional volunteer help. We further recommend that we take ad-
vantage of any school facilities that are available in the development of craft
classes and such other programs that may be developed by the Department of Re-
creation.

It is our observation that too few people are taking advantage of the present pro-
gram that is being carried on by the Recreational Department. Your Committee
strongly recommends that we press forward immediately to build two additional
swimming pools. The money is now available from the Clark County Fair and Recrea-
tional Board. The location of these pools should be in areas where they will ac-
commodate the most people. Additional playground areas near residential sections
should be encouraged and built as soon as funds are available. Your committee
concurs in all the recommendations of the Temporary Advisory Council and specifi-
cally in that recommendation which calls for the appointment of a Youth Advisory
Council. It is suggested that careful and deliberate study should be given to
the appointment of the personnel of this Council.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

YOUTH COMMITTEE

Report


The authority and. function of the Council should, be definitely defined after con-
sultation with the Superintendent of Recreation.

Your Committee recommends that institutions, businesses or individuals should be
encouraged to contribute to the Recreational Program of the City of Las Vegas.

Any funds so contributed should be channeled to the Recreational Program with
emphasis being given to the social needs of the young people of this City.

Respectfully submitted:

/s/ Wendell Bunker

/s/ E.W. Fountain"

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing report of the Youth Committee
be adopted and made a matter of record.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Mayor Baker thanked the Committee for this very extensive and complete report, and
also extended appreciation to the cooperation received from the citizens of the com-
munity that worked with this Committee.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 462 DEALING WITH REGIS-

TRATION WITH CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT OF EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING HOUSES;
TAXI DRIVERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF -ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE SOLD
AT RETAIL ON THE PREMISES; BY AMENDING SECTION 6 TO PROVIDE FOR A THREE YEAR CERTI-
FICATE; BY REQUIRING THAT SAID CERTIFICATE BE IN THE POSSESSION OF THE EMPLOYEE AT
ALL TIMES WHILE WORKING; REPEALING ALL CONFLICTING ORDINANCES; PROVIDING OTHER MAT-
TERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES OF THE VIOLATION THEREOF, was
read by title and referred to Commissioner Fountain for recommendation.

An ordinance concerning Rezoning Application Z-5-57 entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND

SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS
VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, was
read by title and referred to Commissioner Sharp for recommendation.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy gave the report on the general fund balance of the City
and stated that after the payment of the Service and Material Warrants and Payroll
Warrants there would be on hand $565,876.22. The gross payroll was in the amount
of $101,932.44 and the Service and Material Warrants consist mostly of election
workers and work on Polling places for the General Election - amount of $9,384.00.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition to Wells Cargo for
the improvement of Hinson Street from Charleston Boulevard to the north boundary
of the West Charleston Boulevard Fire Station. Mr. Kennedy reported that bids had
been secured from two local contractors, and the bid of Wells Cargo in the total
amount of $2,983.66 to install hot mix on this street is low.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8419 to Wells
Cargo Inc., for the paving of Hinson Street in the total amount of $2,983.66, be
approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Messrs. William Morse, Jerry Woodbury and Fred Soly of the Palm Mortuary appeared
before the Commission concerning their request to purchase approximately three acres
of land within the Woodlawn Cemetery for the purpose of constructing a mausoleum.

The Engineering Department presented a plot plan showing the proposed location of
the mausoleum, said area to be approximately 2.24 acres. Discussion followed and
the representatives of Palm Mortuary were advised that before any action could be
taken on their request, the proposed sale would have to be advertised for bid.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be instructed to advertise for
bids for the proposed sale of approximately 2.24 acres of land in the Woodlawn
Cemetery to be opened within thirty (30) days; that the qualification of bidders
be checked, the appraised value of the land determined; the type of building to
be constructed and the amount of time for construction verified.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

The City Attorney was instructed to check the legality of whether or not the City
could lease or sell the Cemetery to a private individual or firm.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Police Department that the salary
of the Jail Physician, Dr. J.H. Swartzfager be increased. Mr. Kennedy advised the
Commission that Dr. Swartzfager has acted in this capacity for four years and is
presently receiving $350 per month. The City Manager further stated that the ser-
vice received is very commendable, and if the City actually had to pay for each call
of the physician, the expense would be a great deal more. Mr. Kennedy recommended
that Dr. Swartzfager's salary be increased to $500.00 per month as requested.

Commissioner Fountain moved the salary of the Jail Physician, Dr. J.H. Swartzfager
be increased from $350.00 to $500.00 per month, effective July 1, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Registration of
Casino Employees

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

z-5-57

GENERAL FUND
Balance

HINSON STREET
IMPROVEMENT
W. Charleston
Fire Station

PROPOSED PURCHASE
OF PROPERTY IN
CEMETERY

JAIL PHYSICIAN
Salary Increase
City Manager Kennedy presented, the proposed, agreement with Whiting Brothers to lease
land from the City in the vicinity of Nellis Air Force Base and adjacent to the gravel
plant, said request having been approved at the last regular meeting of the Commission
on June 5, 1957. Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that this lease was for the period
ending October 31, 1957; and requested authorization for the Mayor to sign the same.

Commissioner Bunker moved the lease with Whiting Brothers be approved, and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the City Manager reported to the Commission that Mercy Ambulance is
presently handling the ambulance calls for the City at a cost of $5.00 per call.

He advised the Commission that this company has requested to be placed on a flat
monthly fee of $150.00 for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 through June 30,
1958.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this proposal would save a lot of paper work for Mercy Ambu-
lance and the City, since the monthly service at the present time is averaging be-
tween $l45 to $155, and recommended the request be granted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Mercy Ambulance to enter into an agree-
ment with the City for ambulance calls at a monthly fee of $150.00 from July 1, 1957
through June 30, 1958 be approved, and the City Attorney instructed to prepare said
agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the request from the Atomic Energy Commission for permis-
sion to use the top of City Hall as a temporary instrument station during its present
atomic tests at Nevada Test Site. Mr. Kennedy reported that this request was for a
period of six to eight months beginning May 1, 1957, and the Atomic Energy Commis-
sion had agreed to clean up and restore the premises to its original condition when
the use is no longer required.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Atomic Energy Commission for permis-
sion to use the top of City Hall as a temporary instrument station be approved, and
the Mayor authorized to sign said request.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager requested approval, of Purchase Requisition No. 8551 in the amount
of $1,075.00 to Manson Electric for the purchase of controllers for traffic light
to allow the Fire Department to control the traffic signal at the intersection of
25th Street, Boulder Highway and Charleston Boulevard while passing through. Mr.
Kennedy explained this control could be made 200 feet before and after the inter-
section so the light would be green to permit the fire truck to go through.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8551 to Manson Electric in
the amount of $1,075.00 for the purchase of controllers for the traffic light at
the intersection of 25th Street, Boulder Highway and Charleston Boulevard be ap-
proved, and the Purchase Order authorized to be issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Public Works Department for per-
mission to rent two (2) trans-mix trucks for one month at a cost of $1,500 to con-
tinue the slurrying of streets. Mr. Kennedy explained that at the end of this ad-
ditional month the City will have completed the repair by slurry of 108 streets.

The City Manager further stated that it should be announced that this slurry pro-
cess is not a permanent improvement of the street but will make the streets last
three to four years until the assessment districts can be worked out. He advised
the Commission the estimated cost of the slurry process is four cents (4¢) per
square yard or $130.00 per one-block street.

Commissioner Fountain moved that purchase requisition No. 8554 to Las Vegas Build-
ing Materials for the rental of two (2) trans-mix trucks at a cost of $1,500.00 be
approved, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the request of Reverent Hisey for permission to erect a
tent for revival meeting from June 21st through July 8th, 1957, on the Elks Lodge
property at 5th and Bonanza. Reverend Hisey had received permission for revivals
in previous years, and had conducted these meetings in an orderly manner.

The Commission indicated approval of this request, subject to inspection and ap-
proval by the Police and Fire Departments.

Consideration was given to the request by the Christ Holy Sanctified Church and
Church of God to conduct services in the City Park at 5th and Mesquite. The Com-
mission instructed the City Manager to notify these people to find a different lo-
cation and resubmit their request for consideration.

LEASE OF CITY LAND
Whiting Bros.



AMBULANCE SERVICE
Agreement with
Mercy Ambulance

ATOMIC ENERGY
COMMISSION

Use of City Hall

TRAFFIC CONTROL
LIGHT

25th, Charleston
& Boulder Highway

RENTAL OF TRANS-
MIX TRUCKS

Slurry of Streets

REVIVAL MEETING
Location Approved
Rev. Hisey

CHURCH SERVICES
Location Denied
At this time City Manager Kennedy reported, to the Commission on South "A" Street
paving between Main and Charleston Boulevard. He stated that the City has com-
pleted its work on sub-base and the work has been completed on the valley gutter.

The plans were turned over to Frank Scott for the paving, to obtain a bid from
Whiting Brothers to put in the asphalt. Whiting Brothers bid amounted to $3,500.00.
Whiting Brothers stated at this time that they bid on 3900 square yards, which is
about one-half the amount of asphalt it will take. It will cost approximately
$3,000.00 above that to finish the street. The monies turned in by the property
owners through Mr. Frank Scott will actually amount, upon completion of the work,
to $7,890.00. Actual cost will be $11,182.00 to complete the work.

This is information to the Commission and a meeting will be held with the parties
concerned to see what can be worked out. Mr. Kennedy further advised that this is
not a request at this time to authorize payment of the difference.

Commissioner Sharp announced that he would like to request permission on behalf of
the Exchange Club to develop the City's piece of property located at 13th and Brid-
ger into a children's playground. Commissioner Sharp stated that this organiza-
tion would like to develop this park in line with the recommendation of the Recrea-
tion Department, and are willing to install a chain-link fence, a retaining wall,
develop the site and put in playground equipment at no cost to the City with the
exception of leveling the lot.

Commissioner Fountain moved the offer to develop a children's playground at 13th
and Bridger be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the County Fair and Recreation Board, advised the Com-
mission that the City should retain the services of an architect to prepare plans
for two additional public swimming pools to be located within the City, as provided
in the recent bond issue sold by the County Fair & Recreation Board.

Discussion was held with the Superintendent of Recreation H. Bruce Trent, and it
was determined that these pools should be located in the following general areas:

1.	Hyde Park - Park Area (adjacent to school property)

2.	John C. Fremont School Park Area (adjacent to school property) St. Louis
Avenue and Maryland Parkway

Commissioner Sharp moved that architect John Replogle be retained by the City to pre-
pare the preliminary plans for two swimming pools at an approximate cost of $50,000.00
for each pool, to include the pool and pool accessories, but no building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Sharp moved
this meeting adjourn at the hour of 10:20 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

 City Clerk	Mayor

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

June 25, 1957

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 25th
day of June, 1957; at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Opening of bids:	Bid #5721 Two small trucks

Bid #57.22 Two dump trucks
Bid #57.23 Four ½ ton pickups
Bid #57.24 Three Motorcycles

Bid #57.25 One station wagon or One Four Door Sedan or both
Bid #57.26 Walk in Delivery van (Paddy Wagon)

Bid #57.27 One Tanker Truck
Bid #57.28 Four coupes

2.	Discussion of freeway with representatives of North Las Vegas and County.

3.	Public Officials Bonds - Approval      Commissioner Wendell Bunker.

s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

6-19-57 (Call-6-25-57)

SOUTH "A" STREET

IMPROVEMENT



PARK IMPROVEMENT
13th & Bridger
Exchange Club

ADDITIONAL PUBLIC
SWIMMING POOLS
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP,

REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R.F. BOOS,
Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City
of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor
Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be
held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 25th day of June, 1957; at
the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Opening of Bids:	Bid No. 57.21 Two small trucks

Bid #	57.22 Two dump trucks

Bid No. 57.23 Four ton pickups
Bid No. 57.24 Three Motorcycles

Bid No. 57.25 One station wagon or one four-door sedan or both
Bid No. 57.26 Walk in delivery van ( Paddy Wagon )

Bid No. 57.27 One tanker truck
Bid No. 57.28 Four coupes

2.	Discussion of freeway with representatives of North Las Vegas and County.

3.	Public Officials Bond - Approval. Commissioner Wendell Bunker.

s/ Golda S. Allen
City Clerk Deputy

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special
meeting.

s/ C.D. BAKER	s/ R.F. BOOS

s/ WENDELL BUNKER	s/ A.H. KENNEDY

s/ HARRIS P. SHARP
s/ E.W. FOUNTAIN

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 25, 1957

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 25th day of June, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hanson

Works Engineer	Victor B. Uehling

Deputy City Clerk	Golda S. Allen

Absent:	Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.21 for fur-
nishing two small trucks to the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from
the following firms:

Community Chevrolet	$4870.44

Clark County Wholesale	4936.00

Gaudin Motor Company	5237.66

Cashman CMC Truck Co.	5495.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Engineering Dept, for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Fountain and Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57*22 for the
furnishing two dump trucks to the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from
the following firms:

Gaudin Motor Company	$12,092.50

Alternate	12,492.50

Community Chevrolet	12,457.18

Alternate	12,829.58

Cashman CMC Truck Co.	12,509.68

Alternate	13,719.68

Clark County Wholesale	12,790.00

Alternate	13,590.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Engineering Dept, for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,none. Absent:	Com-

missioners Fountain and Whipple.

BID NO. 57.21
Two Small Trucks

BID NO. 57.22
Two Dump Trucks
This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.23 for furnish-
ing four one-half (½) ton pickups to the City of Las Vegas, bids were received
from the following firms:

Community Chevrolet	$6,000.00

Clark County Wholesale	6,099.00

Gaudin Motor Co.		6,478.76

Cashman GMC Truck Co.	6,764.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Dept, for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioners Fountain and Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.24 for furnishing
three (3) motorcycles to the City of Las Vegas, the following bid was received:

Knerr's Las Vegas Harley
Davidson Sales	$4,819.50

At this time Commissioner Fountain arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and En-
gineering Dept, for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded bv Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commis-

sioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.25 for furnishing
one (l) station wagon or one (l) four-door sedan, or both, to the City of Las
Vegas, bids were received from the following firms:

Community Chevrolet

Station Wagon	$2,222.46

Four-Door Sedan	1,935.42

Gaudin Motor Company	2,512.37

Station Wagon

Four-Door Sedan	2,189.37

Pat Clark Pontiac

Station Wagon	2,954.84

Four-Door Sedan	2,666.40

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Dept, for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.26 for furnishing
one (l) walk-in delivery van (paddy wagon) to the City of Las Vegas, bids were re-
ceived from the following firms:

Gaudin Motor Company

Without Duals	$4,161.42

With Duals	4,517.30

Clark County Wholesale
Without Duals	4,474.20

With Duals	4,897.22

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Dept, for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.27 for furnishing
one (l) tanker truck to the City of Las Vegas, the following bid was received:

Clark County Wholesale

F.O.B. Factory	$10,421.00

Oregon, Illinois

F.O.B. Las Vegas	10,811.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and
the Engineering Dept, for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.28 for furnishing
four (4) coupes to the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following
firms:

Community Chevrolet	$6,294.44 Net

Gaudin Motors Company	6,769.76 Net

Commissioner Bunker moved that the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Engineering Dept, for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

BID NO. 57.23
Four One-half
(½) Ton Pickups

BID NO. 57.24
Three Motorcycles

BID NO. 57.25
One Station Wagon
or One Four-Door
Sedan, or Both

BID NO. 57.26
Walk-in Delivery
Van (Paddy Wagon)

BID NO. 57.27
Tanker Truck

BID NO. 57.28
Four Coupes
At this time Mayor Baker announced, that Mayor Pro Tem Bunker will award, bids
opened today on Thursday, June 27th, 1957 at the hour of 2:00 P.M.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the meeting be adjourned at the hour of 4:12 P.M.
Until Thursday, June 27th, 1957 at the hour of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

 City Clerk	Mayor

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

June 27, 1957

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 27th day of June, 1957, at the
hour of 2:15 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Award of Bids:	Bid No. 57.21 - Two small trucks

Bid No. 57.22 - Two Dump trucks
Bid No. 57.23 - Four Ton pickups
Bid No. 57.24 - Three Motorcycles

Bid No. 57.25 - One station wagon or One four door Sedan, or both
Bid No. 57.26 - One Walk-in delivery van (Paddy Wagon)

Bid No. 57.27 - One tanker truck
Bid No. 57.28 - Four coupes

s/ Wendell Bunker

2.	Public Official's Bond	s/ Howard W. Cannon

s/ Harris P. Sharp
s/ E.W. Fountain

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Com-

missioners and A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R.F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W.
CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor
Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will
be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 27th day of June, 1957;
at the hour of 2:15 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Award of Bids:	Bid No. 57.21 - Two small trucks

Bid No. 57.22 - Two Dumptrucks
Bid No. 57.23 - Four ton Pickups
Bid No. 57.24 - Three Motorcycles

Bid No. 57.25 - One station wagon or one four-door sedan, or both
Bid No. 57.26 - One Walk-in Delivery van (Paddy Wagon)

Bid No. 57.28 - Four coupes
Bid No. 57.27 - Onetanker truck

2.	Public Official's Bond.

s/s ROBERT F. BOOS
Acting City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City AT-
torney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of a special
meeting.

s/	C.D. BAKER	s/	R.F. BOOS

s/	WENDELL BUNKER	s/	HARRIS P.	SHARP

s/	REED WHIPPLE	s/	HOWARD W.	CANNON

s/ E.W. FOUNTAIN	s/ A.H. KENNEDY

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 27, 1957

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 27th day of June, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 2:15 P.M. with the
following members present:

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralton O. Hawkins

Field Engineer	Ken Hansen

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Supt.Streets	Dick Sauer

6-27-57
Absent:	Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	ReecL Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Inasmuch as the Mayor and Mayor Pro Tem were both absent, it was necessary for the
members present to elect a chairman to preside over the meeting.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Commissioner Bunker be elected as chairman to preside
over the meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Sharp and Fountain voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissions'

Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of one small dump truck be awarded
to Clark County Wholesale in the amount of $2,658.00. The City Manager further
recommended that the bid of Community Chevrolet for a small flat bed truck in the
amount of $2160.57 be accepted.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.21 be awarded as follows:

q	One small dump truck to Clark County Wholesale -	$2658.00

One small flat bed truck to Community Chevrolet -	2160.57

and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the bid award.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker

and Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager recommended the low bid of Gaudin Motor Company on Bid No. 57.22
for two (2) dump trucks in the total amount of $11,992.50 be accepted, provided
it is determined to the satisfaction of the City that the trucks will definitely
meet our specifications, and that the delivery of parts and service will be met
to the satisfaction of the City.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the low bid of Gaudin Motor Company on Bid No.

57*22 for two (2) dump trucks in the total amount of $11,992.50 be accepted, pro-
vided it is determined to the satisfaction of the City that the trucks will defin-
itely meet our specifications, and that the delivery of parts and services will
be met to the satisfaction of the City.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the low bid of Gaudin Motor Company on bid no.

57.22 for two (2) dump trucks in the total amount of $11,992.50 be accepted, pro-
vided it is determined to the satisfaction of the City that the trucks will defi-
nitely meet our specifications, and that the delivery of parts and services will
be met to the satisfaction of the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker

and Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended the low bid on Bid No. 57.23 of Community Chevro-
let in the total amount of $6,000 for four (4) ½ ton pickup trucks be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.23 for four (4) one-half ton pickups
be swarded to the low bidder, Community Chevrolet in the total amount of $6,000.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker

and Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 57.24 for the furnishing of three (3)
motorcycles be awarded to Knerr's Las Vegas Harley Davidson Sales in an amount
not to exceed $5,180.96, inasmuch as there was only one bid, and they are the
only firm able to furnish American made motorcycles. Mr. Kennedy explained, how-
ever, the bid called for 1958 model motorcycles, and the bidder advises there
will be a price increase on the 1958 model of not more than 7½% over the present
price of the 1957 model which would be $4,819.50;the bidder further advised that
inasmuch as the 1958 models are not yet available, his bid is submitted at the
price not to exceed $5,180.96.

Commissioner Sharp moved that inasmuch as there was only one bid on Bid No. 57.24,
and they are the only bidder able to furnish American made motorcycles, that the
bid of Knerr's Las Vegas Harley Davidson Sales for three (3) motorcycles, 1958 models,
not to exceed $5,180.96, be accepted and the award made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and

Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy requested that recommendation on Bid No. 57.25 for the furnish-
ing of one (l) station wagon or one (l) 4-Door Sedan, or both, be held for further
study.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation for award of Bid No. 57.25 for the
furnishing of one (l) station wagon or one(l) 4-Door sedan, or both be held in abey-
ance for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and

Commissioner Whipple.

It was the recommendation of the City Manager that the bid of Clark County Wholesale
on Bid No. 57*26 for one(l) Walk-in Delivery Van(Paddy Wagon) in the amount of $4,474.20
be accepted, inasmuch as Gaudin Motor Company, the low bidder did not meet all the
specifications of this bid.

ELECTION OF

CHAIRMAN

BID NO. 57.21
2 Small Trucks
Award

BID NO. 57.22 -

2	Dump Trucks

Award

BID NO. 57.23 -
4-½ ton Pickups
Award

BID NO. 57.24 -

3	Motorcycles
Award

BID NO. 57.25 -
1 Station Wagon,
or 1 4-Door Sedan
of Both
Award Held

BID NO. 57.26 -
Walk-in Delivery
Van (Paddy Wagon)
Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid of Clark County Wholesale on Bid No. 57026 for
the furnishing of a Walk-in Delivery Van in the total amount of $4474.20 be ac-
cepted, inasmuch as Gaudin Motor Company, the low bidder, did not meet all speci-
fications .

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker and Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that bid No. 57.27 for the furnishing of one(l)
tanker truck be awarded to Clark County Wholesale in the total amount of $10,811.00,
subject to satisfactory operation and passing of National Board of Fire Under-
writers tests for Class "B" Pumps at Las Vegas, Nevada. Mr. Kennedy explained
that this condition was a portion of the specifications, and would have to be met
by any bidder.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 57.27 for one (l) Tanker truck
be awarded to Clark County Wholesale in the total amount of $10,811.00, and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the bid award.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker and Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager recommended the bid of Community Chevrolet on Bid No. 57*28 for
the furnishing of four (4) coupes in the total amount of $6,294.44 be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.28 for four (4) coupes be awarded to
Community Chevrolet in the total amount of $6,294.44, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the bid award.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the public official bond submitted by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker be accepted, and ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker

and Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting
adjourned at the hour of 3:05 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



ROBERT F. BOOS, Acting City Clerk	WENDELL BUNKER, Chairman

Las Vegas, Nevada

July 3, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
3rd day of July, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Mayor Baker asked that the record show that Commissioner Harris P. Sharp is on va-
cation.

The Commission reconsidered the application of Drs. Eklund & Sanner for a variance
to permit the erection of a professional building in an R-4 zone, at Weldon Place
between St. Louis and El Centro Place (Lots 5 through 7; and a portion of Lot 8,

Block 3, El Centro Addn. #2) and to locate said building three (3) feet from the
front propertyline, where ten (10) feet is required by ordinance. Mayor Baker an-
nounded that this matter had previously come before the Board on June 5, 1957 and
been deferred to give the protestants an opportunity to seethe proposed building
plans; and again on June 19, 1957 at which time the matter had been deferred until
there was a full Board present.

Planning Director Bills reiterated the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
on this application. He Stated that the variance had been recommended for denial,
but the Board of Adjustment recommended approval of a Use Permit authorizing con-
struction of the professional building in accordance with ordinance requirements
of ten feet from the front property line. He advised the Commission that this
recommendation was conditioned on the applicant filing with the Planning Depart-
ment a new plot plan showing building setbacks and the signing of an agreement and
posting of a bond for the installation of off-site improvements.



BID NO.	-

1 Tanker Truck

BID NO. 57.28 -
4 Coupes
Award

PUBLIC OFFICIALS
BOND

VARIANCE V-3-57
Drs. Eklund &
Sanner
Mr. Bills further explained the background of the Board of Adjustment's recommendation
that a Use Permit be granted. He reported that if the setback of ten feet was main-
tained and the other conditions met, that the proposed structure would be in keeping
with the neighborhood, in that it would have the outward appearance of an apartment
house, with ample parking facilities in the rear. He stated that the Board of Ad-
justment was in sympathy with the feelings of the residential property owners, but
it was felt that this property was adjacent to apartment houses and multiple dwel-
ling units, and in addition was very close to the commercial development on South 5th
Street.

Mayor Baker advised the Commission there were two additional petitions of protest
filed on this application since the last meeting, and asked if any of the protestants
wished to bring up any matter that had not previously been considered.

Mr. W.J. Barnes, property owner in the area and one of the protestants, stated that
since the meeting of June 19th he had personally contacted the property owners on
Santa Clara, Santa Rita and Santa Rosa, and could not find a single person that was
in favor of this proposed project. He advised the Commission that he had viewed
the plans and talked with the Doctors, but would still like to object to the con-
struction of a professional building at this location.

Dr. Sanner appeared at this time and reported that they had contacted a number of
those who had signed the original petition of protest and after viewing the pro-
posed plans, these protestants stated they had no objection.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that in view of the possibility there might be
atie vote on this application, that the matter be deferred until there is a full
Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mayor Baker announced that if anyone wished to file additional information on this
application, that it be submitted to the City Clerk.

The protestants were advised that they would be notified when the Commission would
again consider this application by news items in the newspapers and personal con-
tact with their spokesman, Mr. W.J. Barnes.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.29 for a maintenance
contract on City Pumps for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June
30, 1958, proposals were received from the following firms:

ALLEN & FAILING	$5.00 per service call per pump

EFFINGER DRILLING & PUMP

SERVICE	$660.00 for 12 months

S.R. McKINNEY & SON	990.00 for 12 months

PHELPS PUMP & EQUIP.	396.00 for 12 months

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.30 for furnishing
Pest Control Service to the City for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and
ending June 30, 1958, proposals were received from the following firms:

ACE EXTERMINATING CO.	$834.00 per year

A.G. WILLIAMS EXTERMINATING C0. $1080.00 per year

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of George Harmon for variance to build
within the required rear yard setback to within 12 feet of the rear property line,
on property located at 110 East Bonanza Road (Lot 11, Block 1, Biltmore Addition)
in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission this application had been denied by
the Board of Adjustment on the basis there were no exceptional circumstances shown
to exist in this need for variance.

Discussion was held with the Planning Director concerning whether or not the prop-
erty in this area was actually practically zoned as R-4 and in other instances as
R-1.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the issuance of this variance. There
were no objections voiced or filed with the Commission. Planning Director Bills in-
dicated that there had been no objections filed or voiced at the Board of Adjustment
meeting.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of George Harmon for vari-
ance to build within the rear year setback to within 12 feet of the rear property
line on Lot 11, Block 1, Biltmore Addition, be approved subject to the posting of
a bond, and the following resolutions adopted:

BID NO. 57.29
Pump Maintenance
Contract

Opened

BID NO. 57.30
Pest Control
Service

Opened

VARIANCE V-7-57
George Harmon

Approved
BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada , at
a regular meeting held July 3, 1957; having considered the application of George
Harmon for variance to build within the rear yard setback to within 12 feet of the
rear property line on Lot 11, Block 1, Biltmore Addition, known as 110 East Bonanza
Road, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application and having discussed conditions in support of this application.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of George
Harmon to build within the rear yard setback to within 12 feet of the rear prop-
erty line on Lot 11, Block 1, Biltmore Addition, be and the same hereby is approved,
subject to the posting of a bond by the applicant for the installation of off-site
improvements as agreed upon in the signed agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of the Redrock Baptist Church for a use
permit to erect a church on the Northeast comer of Fir and Upland Boulevard, in
an R-1 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment ap-
proved this application, subject to an agreement and bond for the installation of
off-site improvements. Mr. Bills stated that the agreement had been signed but
the bond not submitted at this time.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this Use Permit.

No protests were voiced or filed.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be approved,
subject to the posting of a bond, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held July 3 1957; having considered the application of the
Redrock Baptist Church for a use permit to construct and maintain a church on
the Northeast comer of Fir and Upland Boulevard; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Bed-
rock Baptist Church for a use permit to construct, operate and maintain a church
on the Northeast comer of Fir and Upland Boulevard, be and the same hereby is
approved, subject to the applicant filing a bond for the installation of off-site
improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Traffic Engineer A1 Bossi presented to the Commission a map showing
alley parking restrictions in the downtown area.

Mr. Bossi explained that the alleys involved in this recommendation of the Traffic
& Parking Commission run east and west, parallel with Fremont Street, from Main
Street to 6th Street. One alley, designated for convenience as "1-N", lies be-
tween Fremont and Ogden;the other alley, designated "1-S" is between Fremont and
Carson.

The Traffic Engineer stated that in Alley 1-N the existing parking restrictions
prohibit parking on the North side and permit parking on the South side. In
Alley 1-S parking is prohibited on the South side, and allowed on the North side.

Mr. Bossi stated that it is the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commis-
sion after extensive study, that parking in these alleys should be restricted in
specific locations. He reported that his Commission had taken in to consideration
the location of fire exits, fire escape ladders, electrical control switches and
other door exits, as well as utility poles. He explained the recommendation as
follows, and requested amendment of the Ordinance:

1.	Along the east and west side of the alley running north to south
between Fremont and Ogden, located between Main and 1st Streets, be-
ginning 30 feet south of the alley running west to east located be-
tween Fremont and Ogden north a distance of 75 feet.

2.	Along the north side of the alley running west to east located between
Fremont and Ogden; beginning at the alley running north to south loca-
ted between Main and 1st east a distance of 30 feet.

3.	Along the south side of the alley running west to east located between
Fremont and Ogden and beginning at the alley running north to south lo-
cated between Main and 1st Streets east to 4th Street.

4.	Along the north side of the alley running west to east located between
Fremont and Ogden, beginning at 4th Street east to 6th Street.

5.	Along the south side of the alley running west to east located between
Fremont and Carson beginning at 4th Street east to 6th Street.

6.	Along the north side of the alley running west to east located between
Fremont and Carson, beginning at 2nd Street east to 4th Street.

USE PERMIT U-4-57
Redrock Baptist
Church
Approved

ALLEY PARKING
RESTRICTIONS
Commercial District
7. Along the south side of the alley running vest to east located between Fre-
mont and Carson, beginning at 2nd Street vest to the alley running north
north to south located between 1st & 2nd Streets.

8.	Along the north side of the alley running west to east located between Fre-
mont and Carson, beginning at 1st Street east to the alley running north to
south located between 1st and 2nd Streets.

9.	Along the north side of the alley running west to east located between Fre-
mont and Carson, beginning at the alley running north to south located be-
tween Main & 1st Streets, east to 1st Street.

Discussion was held with the Traffic Engineer on the type of signs proposed to be
used to advise vehicular traffic of these restrictions.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation of the Traffic and Parking
Commission for parking restrictions in the alleys in the downtown area be approved and
the City Attorney instructed to prepare an amendment to the ordinance for presenta-
tion to the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Planning Director Bills presented the tentative map of Bel Air #3; as recommended for
approval by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Bel Air #3 be approved, subject to
the submission of drainage plans to the Engineering Department and the signing of the
agreement and posting of a bond for off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Sharp.

Field Engineer Ken Hansen reported that a request had been received for acceptance
and final payment on the City Jail Equipment. Mr. Hansen stated that there were
some deficiencies still existing in this project and recommended that final payment
and acceptance be held in abeyance until such time as the contractor has complied
by correcting the deficiencies.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and final acceptance and
payment on the City Jail Equipment be held in abeyance until the deficiencies are
corrected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the final acceptance, final payment and release of bond on
Assessment District No. 1OO-36, which is a paving improvement in the Westside area
of the City.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission that the total amount of retention is
$35,245.10, less $2,112.00 due the City for sweeping of the chips, making a total
amount due Contractor V.C. Mendenhall of $33,137.10. Mr. Hansen further advised that
the Contractor had submitted a bond in the amount of $10,025.10 to cover the additional
construction of alley approaches.

The recommendation of the Engineering Department was that this project be accepted,
final payment approved and the bond released.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that Assessment District No. 100-36 be accepted,
final payment to Contractor V.C. Mendenhall in the total amount of $33,137.10 author-
ized, and the performance bond posted released, subject to approval of the $10,025.10
bond for additional work being done approved by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Engineering Department for permission
to advertise for bids for the installation of pump equipment at the new Sewage Treat-
ment Plant be approved,said bids to be opened by the Commission on August 7; 1957-

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission requested that notice on this bid and all other proposed bids be ad-
vertised as soon as possible so that bidders may be given at least thirty days to
prepare their proposals.

The Commission considered the final map of Hollydale Tract, and were advised that
the Subdivision Agreement, Bond, inspection fee and required letters from the utility
companies had been submitted and checked.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of the Hollydale Tract be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign said map and agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

BEL AIR #3 -
Tentative Map

Approved



CITY JAIL EQUIPMENT
Acceptance held

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36
Acceptance & Final
Payment

PUMP EQUIPMENT
New Sewage Treatment
Plant

Bids to be Called

HOLLYDALE TRACT
Final Map
City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 57.15 for the supplying of electric
lamps for the fiscal year be awarded to the only bidder, Osborne Electric Company.
Mr. Kennedy explained that the 45% discount was the same as the City has previously
been receiving.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 57.15 be awarded to Osborne Elec-
tric Company, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 57.16 for the supplying of fertilizer to
the City for the fiscal year be awarded to Garden Center, the low bidder.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.16 for the furnishing of fertilizer be
awarded to Garden Center in the total amount of $9,176.72 and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 57.17 for the furnishing of grass seed to
the City for the fiscal year be awarded to the low bidder, Desert Nursery.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 57.17 for the furnishing of grass seed
be awarded to Desert Nursery in the total amount of $1310.00, and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager reported that Bid No. 57.18 for the furnishing of gravel to the
City for the fiscal year was bid under three items, and recommended the award be
made as follows:

Item No. 1	- Type II Gravel - Award to Wells-Stewart $1.49 per cu. yd.

Item No. 2	- No award

Item No. 3	- Chips - Award to Las Vegas Bldg. Materials $2.06 per cu. yd.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Item No. 1 of Bid No. 57.13 be awarded to Wells-
Stewart Construction Company in the total amount of $29,800.00, and Item No. 3 of
Bid No. 57.18 awarded to Las Vegas Building Materials in the total amount of
$10, 300.00, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contracts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of Zellerbach Paper Co. on Bid No.

57.19 for the furnishing of Maintenance Supplies to the City for the fiscal year,
being the only bid submitted, be accepted. Mr. Kennedy advised that the Alter-
nate bid of this firm in the amount of $1720.00 should be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.19 be awarded to Zellerbach Paper Com-
pany, in the total amount of $1720.00, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 57.20 for the furnishing of Reproduction
Supplies to the City for the fiscal year be awarded to Mercury Blue Print Company
in the total amount of $1428.68. Mr. Kennedy explained that the other bid originally
appeared to be the lower bid, but when tabulated it was found that Mercury Blue
Print's proposal was low.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 57.20 for Reproduction Supplies be awarded
to the low bidder, Mercury Blue Print Company in the total amount of $1,428.68 and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

As requested by the Commission at the last regular meeting, Field Engineer Ken
Hansen gave a report on work being made on certain items required by the Board in
conjunction with the approval of the final map of Morning View Heights #2.

Mr. Hansen reported that the sub-surface drainage check has been completed. He
stated that his Department had recommended on the street design that certain lots
be elevated from l8 inches to 22 inches. He reported that he had discussed with
the Engineer on the subdivision the installation of a retaining wall in that area
where the drainage is felt to be a potential problem, and the Engineer had indi-
cated that the Subdivider would comply in this regard.

Engineer Hansen stated that there still remained additional checking to be done,
and a further report would be made in this regard.

BID NO. 57.15
Electric Lamps
Award

BID NO. 57.16
Fertilizer
Awarded

BID NO. 57.17
Grass Seed
Awarded

BID NO. 57.18
Gravel
Awarded

BID NO. 57.19
Maintenance
Supplies
Awarded

BID NO. 57.20
Reproduction
Supplies
Awarded

MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS
NO. 2

Progress Report


Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Morris Diamond and Bernard L. Koblin for
a change of name on their license for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco
products at 433 North Main Street from the Dollar Market to the Dollar Food Bas-
ket, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners. Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following new applications for license for the re-
tail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved and the Supervisor of Li-
cense and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

H.W. HARMON CIGAR CO.	Louis Katsaros	300 Fremont

LITTLE BURROW CORRAL TRADING

POST	M.D. Close	2108 S. Fifth

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 10573 to 11124 inclusive in the
net amount of $75,973.05 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 12654 through 12895
in the total amount of $229,434.84 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of June 5, 19, 25 and 27, 1957 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker and Fountain voting aye; Mayor Bunker voting aye on all except the minutes of
June 27th at which meeting he was not present; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed
his vote because he was not present at these meetings. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordi-
nance concerning collection agencies, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance to amend
Ordinance No. 462 concerning the requirements for registration of casino employees
and taxi drivers, reported favorably on this ordinance with the following amendment:
that the registration fee be changed from $1.25 to $2.00.

The City Attorney was asked to revise the proposed ordinance to include this amend-
ment and present it to the Commission at the next regular meeting for adoption.

The proposed ordinance to enact Rezoning Z-5-57, referred to Commissioner Sharp for
recommendation, was held in abeyance until Commissioner Sharp is present to report
on said ordinance.

At the hour of 8:55 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:15 P.M:.,
with all members present as of the opening session.

Consideration was given to the application by William A. Poison, President of the
Monte Carlo Inc., 15 Fremont for a tavern liquor license, formerly issued to Fred
Soly. City Manage Kennedy reported that the Police Department investigation on
this application was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William A. Poison for a tavern liquor
license at the Monte Carlo, Inc., 15 Fremont be approved and the Supervisor of Li-
cense and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Morris Diamond and Bernard L. Koblin
for change of the name on the Retail Beverage license at 433 North Main Street
from Dollar Market to Dollar Food Basket be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of William A. Poison, President, for gam-
ing license for the Monte Carlo, Inc., 15 Fremont for 40 slot machines, formerly
issued to Fred Soly, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue author-
ized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. William Gelder appeared before the Commission at this time and requested permis-
sion to open the Monte Carlo Club this evening. He was advised that the licenses
had been approved, and the Club could be opened.

CIGARETTE LICENSES

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS



MINUTES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Casino Employee
Registration





PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning

z-5-57 

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
Monte Carlo

LIQUOR LICENSE
Chg. Name of Business
Dollar Food Basket

GAMING LICENSE
Change of Owner
Monte Carlo, Inc.
The Commission considered the application of Francis Yates for a license for a
Sportsbook at the Hollywood Sportsbook, 115 North 1st Street. City Manager
Kennedy reported that the Police Department recommendation was unfavorable on
this applicant.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Francis Yates for a Sportsbook
license at the Hollywood Sportsbook, 115 North 1st Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Koblin and Diamond for change of name
on the gaming license for four slot machines at 433 North Main Street from Dollar
Market to Dollar Food Basket, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses
be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the li-
censes:

CINNABAR	O.W. Glenn	122 North 2nd	4	slots

EL CHARRO CAFE	Cardinal &	 Sullivan  4l6 W. Bonanza	1	slot

GOLDEN GATE	Leo Massaro	13 Fremont	1	slot

Lucky 13 Club	O.W. Glenn	13 Fremont	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, noes, Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of Byron A. Tannahill for one-third
interest in the Race Horse Book license of the Hollywood RaceBook, 115 North 1st
Street, presently issued to Johnie Lane.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Police Report on this ap-
plicant was favorable and recommended issuance of the license.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Byron A. Tannahill for one-third
interest in the Race Horse Book license of the Hollywood Race Book, 115 North
1st Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the meritorious salary increases recommended for ap-
proval by the Civil Service Board of Trustees and the City Manager.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following salary increases be approved:

Robert Batley	Building	3-4	25	426-450

Meyer, Janet	"	3-4	17	273-288

Morris, Idalee	"	4-5	17	288-305

Orrock, John	"	2-3	25	403-426

Carstensen, Carolyn	City Clerk	2-3	17	258-273

Bohlman, Joan	City Hall	2-3	17	258-273

Little, Geraldine	Personnel	1-2	26	403-426

Carpinelli, Evelyn	Engineering	3-4	16	258-273

Engebregson, Dwight	"	3-4	27	476-503

Mast, Joseph	"	3-4	25	426-450

Ruffin,Robert	"	4-5	27	503-532

Whitney, Robert	"	2-3	29	503-532

Ferris, Pauline	Finance	3-4	17	273-288

Conigliaro, Julius	Fire	4-5	25	450-475

Ptashne, Richard	"	4-5	23	403-426

BeDunnah, Joseph	Garage	5#Nights   23	426-450

Wallace, Marvin	"	4-5	19	322-341

Felton, Leslie	Golf Course	4-5	17	288-305

Garcia, Jose M.	"	3-4	20	322-341

Benac, Frank	Park	4-5	17	288-305

Burlingame, Robert	Park	34	17	273-208

Perry, Thomas	"	4-5	20	341-360

Romans, Charles	"	3-4	17	273-288

Martinez, Jose	Cemetery	4-5	17	288-305

Avants, Beecher	Police	2-3	24	331-403

Campbell, Kenneth	"	2-3	24	381-403

Deiss, Willis	"	4-5	24	426-450

Earp, Walter	"	3-4	24	403-426

Foster, William B.	"	2-3	24	381-403

Goldberg, Julie	"	4-5	24	426-450

Hutchison, Robert	"	4-5	24	426-450

McDonnell, Joseph	"	2-3	24	381-403

Montgomery, Paul	"	2-3	24	381-403

Ruggles, Jack	"	4-5	26	476-503

Sims, Armstead	"	3-4	24	403-426

Smith, Norman	"	2-3	24	381-403

Whitney, Michele	"	3-4	24	403-426

Young, Ethelyn	"	2-3	19	288-305

Roberts, Eugenia	Recreation	4-5	24	426-450

Bard, Elwood	Street	3-4	18	288-305

Heaton, Gilbert	Street-lighting5#Nights 23	426-450

Davis, LaVerne	Treasurer	2-3	17	258-373

GAMING LICENSE
New

Hollywood Sportsbook

Denied



GAMING LICENSE
Chg. Name of Business
Dollar, Food Basket

GAMING LICENSES
Additionals

GAMING LICENSE
Hollywood Race Book
Add'n Partner

MERITORIOUS SALARY

INCREASES


Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the easement from the Union Pacific Railroad for
crossing, designated as N.L.D. 3009 for the Owens Avenue Grade Crossing, said agree-
ment for obtaining this easement having been approved by resolution on August 1,

1956.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution be adopted accepting this ease-
ment:

RESOLUTION

Proposed agreement between Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company and its
Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, corporations of the State of Utah, and City
of Las Vegas whereby the Railroad Company grants to the City of Las Vegas an ease-
ment covering a grade crossing over and across the right of way of the Railroad Com-
pany on its Main Line of railroad in the vicinity of Mile Post 335.45, Las Vegas,
Nevada,

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has said proposed
agreement before it and has given it careful review and consideration; and

WHEREAS, it is considered that the best interests of said City of Las Vegas will
be subserved by the acceptance of said agreement;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

That the terms of the agreement submitted by the Railroad Company as aforesaid
be, and the same are hereby accepted in behalf of said City;

That the Mayor of said City is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to
execute said agreement on behalf of said City and that the City Clerk is hereby author-
ized and directed to attest said agreement and to attach to each duplicate original
of said agreement a certified copy of this resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented the deed from Thomas T. Beam for the water rights to the
McNeil Well, approved by action of the Commission on May 16, 1956, July 10, 1956 and
March 20, 1957. Mr. Kennedy stated that the deed was on file and ready for accep-
tance by the City.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING QUIT-CLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.
Fountain, and carried the following resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3rd day of July, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, that the Quit-Claim Deed dated the 9th day of May, 1956, exe-
cuted by Thomas T. Beam for all of the rights in the Certificate of Appropriation of
Water in State Permit No. 10987 for Well #24, as set out in the aforementioned Quit-
claim Deed by Document No. 84465 in Book 102 of Official Records, recorded July 24,

1956 in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, be and it is hereby
accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Quit-
Claim Deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution filed in the records of this
Board.

City Manager Kennedy gave a report on the general fund balance and stated that as of
June 30, 1957 the balance is $457,249.14. He advised that the Service and Material
Warrants totaling $229,434.84 consist primarily of $108,066.77 from the Bond Fund,
$35,000 from Assessment District No. 1OO-36 Fund and refunds on a lighting district
of approximately $600.00. Mr. Kennedy stated that the gross payroll for this period was
$99,063.44.

The Commission considered the request of the Catholic Church for extension of time on
Use Permit U-43-56 granted them on January 16, 1957, to allow the construction of a
parochial school, auditorium and rectory on Alta Drive between Shetland Road and Camp-
bell Drive.

The Board was advised that the reason for the request for extension of time was the
fact that there is pending in District Court an action brought by the property owners
who protested this proposed construction, and the Church is reluctant to commence
any improvement of this property until after preliminary motions have been heard in
District Court.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that the Catholic Church be granted a six (6)
month's extension of time on Use Permit U-43-56, said extension to commence as of
July 16, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented the request of John Replogle, architect for the remodel-
ing of the west wing and rear of City Hall, for payment after the presentation of
the preliminary plans.

EASEMENT -
Owens Avenue
Grade Crossing

RESOLUTION

ACCEPTING

DEED

McNeil Water
Rights

GENERAL FUND
BALANCE



USE PERMIT - U-43-56
Catholic Church
Extension of Time

CITY HALL
REMODELING
The Commission discussed these plans. They considered the change of the door in the
center hallway; the two side windows being bricked up to a height of thirty inches
and then glass put in; and that an information desk be built in the lobby; that the
lobby walls be repainted and the panelling omitted. It was requested that bids for
the first two stages of this remodeling —the Print Shop and of the office for SNIF
be advertised immediately upon the final plans being checked by the Engineering
Department, and that a thirty-day period be set from the time of advertising until
bids are opened.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of John Replogle for payment of $600.00 for
the preliminary plans on the remodeling of City Hall be approved and the Comptroller
and Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker; Fountain; Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Fred Kennedy of the Rich Plan for
reduction of the solicitor's license fee. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that
Rich Plan has a general business license, and would like reduction so that salesmen
could be sent house to house to solicit orders.

The City Manager stated that it was requested that the solicitor's license fee be
reduced to the general mercantile basis.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this request for reduction of solicitor's li-
cense fee be referred to the City Manager for investigation and the licenses re-
duced if the facts warrant the reduction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Discussion was held on the proposed sale of land in Woodlawn Cemetery for the pur-
pose of construction of a mausoleum. The City Manager presented a notice of sale
of approximately three acres, prepared by the City Attorney's office, as requested
at the June 19, 1957 regular meeting of the Board.

The Commission indicated they felt that if the land was to be sold that the request
for bidders should be more specific; that qualifications for bidders should be set
up, the amount of money anticipated to be spent in construction of a building, and
the time element as to commencement and completion of the structure.

Commissioner Fountain moved the proposed sale of a portion of land in Woodlawn
Cemetery be held for further investigation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported that a request had been received concerning reduction
or deletion of the requirement of business licenses for those types of businesses
that sell wholesale. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this particular clas-
sification contributes in business license fees, approximately $20,000 to $25,000
annually.

The Commission discussed the matter but indicated that there should be no change
in the ordinance as it exists.

Mr. Kennedy presented the proposed contract with Mercy Ambulance to serve the City
with ambulance service for a one year period at $150.00 a month. The City Manager
reminded the Commission that this request had been approved and preparation of
the contract authorized at the last regular meeting of the Board, and requested
authorization for the Mayor to sign the contract. He advised the Commission that
there is a clause in the contract that permits cancellation upon sixty (60) days
notice.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the contract
with Mercy Ambulance Company, subject to cancellation upon sixty (60) days notice.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported that there had been a request for application for a
Retail Package liquor license by Mr. Eslie Dobbins at the Black Hawk Cafe,1302
C Street. He stated that Mr. Dobbins wished to have a beer bar at this location,
but according to the latest survey there were none of these licenses available.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this request for a package liquor license
be denied due to the fact there are no liquor licenses available, and the License
and Revenue Department authorized to refund Mr. Dobbin's deposit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of the Police Department for permission to send
one of the police detectives to a six-weeks training school given by the Califor-
nia State Narcotics Bureau. The City Manager indicated that the expense, in ad-
dition to the employee's salary, would be approximately $500.00, and recommended
this request be approved since the training would be invaluable for the officer
and the department.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that permission be granted to send Detec-
tive John Sleeper of the Police Department to the training course offered by the
California State Narcotics Bureau at an expense of approximately $500.00.

SOLICITORS LICENSE
Reduction

Rich Plan

SALE OF CEMETERY
LAND

Held for Study

WHOLESALE DEALERS
BUSINESS LICENSES

AMBULANCE CONTRACT



LIQUOR LICENSE
REQUEST

POLICE DETECTIVE
To Attend School
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager advised the Commission that a bill for the City's participation in
the nation-wide telecast of the Helldorado Parade had been received from the B.P.O.

Elks in the amount of $1769.65.

Commissioner Fountain moved that payment of $1769.65 for the telecast of the Helldorado
Parade be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of the Golf Board that the greens fees for teen-
agers during the summer and other vacation periods be reduced to $6.00 per month.

Commissioner Bunker moved the greens fees at the Municipal Golf Course be reduced
to $6.00 per month for teenagers 17 years of age and under, using this facility, during
the summer and other school vacation periods.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, None. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he felt that Planning Director Franklin Bills, his staff
and the Planning Commission should be complimented for the comprehensive community plan
they are undertaking and other related information they are compiling for the City of
Las Vegas.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a letter expressing the appreciation of the Board of Com-
missioners be written to the Planning Commission for the fine work on the Commission, the
Planning Director and his staff are doing with regard to the comprehensive community plan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and his Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mayor Baker suggested that the City Manager meet with the County Commissioners to deter-
mine that program they have in the future for County Road Department improvement of the
streets that abut the City, such as San Francisco Avenue and West Charleston Boulevard.

The Commission further requested that a report of this meeting be made back to them.

The City Manager presented the application of the Altrusa Club for a permit for charitable
solicitation. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that if this applications considered,
approval should be granted subject to the approval of the Solicitations Review Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Altrusa Club for a Charitable
Solicitation Permit be approved subject to approval by the Solicitations Review Board

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Mr. Gus Andro for revision of Ordinance No. 742
concerning the licensing and regulating of Fortune Tellers, Astrologers, etc., be re-
ferred to Commissioner Sharp for investigation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

This being the first session of the Commission since the newly elected officials have
taken office on July 1, 1957; discussion was held on the regular meeting days of the
Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the regular meetings of the Board of Commissioners be held
on the first and third Wednesdays of each month, commencing at 7:30 P.M. and ending
at 10:30 P.M.; in the event that all business is not completed by 10:30 P.M. the
Commission will recess the meeting until the next day at 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Commissioner Reed Whipple be elected as Mayor Pro Tem.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple
passed his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 10:10 P.M.
Commissioner Bunker moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

7-3-57

HELLDORADO PARADE
Telecast Expense

GOLF COURSE
GREENS FEES

PLANNING COMMISSION
Commendation

COUNTY-CITY -

Street Improvement

CHARITABLE

SOLICITATION

PERMIT

Altrusa Club

ORDINANCE NO. 742
Fortune Tellers
Proposed Revision

COMMISSION MEETING
DATES



MAYOR PRO TEM
ELECTED
Las Vegas, Nevada

July 17, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 17th day of July, 1957 was called to order(at the hour of 7:40 P.M.) by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple () with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Mayor	C.D. Baker

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple announced that a request had been received from the Emerson
Investment Company, owners of the El Mirador Motel, 2310 South 5th Street, for
the vacation of the alley that empties onto Highway 91 between Cincinnati and
Cleveland Avenues, located in Block 2 of the Meadows Addition. His Honor stated
that since there was no petition filed for this vacation, there could be no ac-
tion taken by the Commission at this time. He asked if there were any ques-
tions from the audience. None were voiced.

The Commission considered the application of Fanny Soss to reclassify Lot 6, Block
21, Boulder Addition, which is located in the 1100 Block of South 3rd Street, from
R-4 to C-1.

The Board was advised that the Planning Commission had denied this application on
the grounds that this single lot should not be reclassified without consideration
being given to the entire block. The Planning Commission suggested that since
the immediate use sought is that of a professional office, that the applicant ap-
ply to the Board of Adjustment for a use permit.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission
be accepted and the application of Fanny Soss for reclassification of Lot 6, Block
21, Boulder Addition from R-4 to C-1, denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of Sam Cava for variance to construct
an 8-unit professional office building at the comer of South 8th Street and East
Charleston Boulevard, described as Lots 22 through 27, Block 34 of South Addition
and a portion of Block "B", Wardie Addition adjoining Lots 26 and 27 of Block 34,

South Addition, in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills reported to the Commission that this application is identi-
cal with one approved by the Board of Adjustment and the City Commission on October
3, 1956, known as V-I5-56, but the 6-months period on the variance has expired.

He further advised that an Improvement Agreement was signed for the original vari-
ance, and the Engineering Department has a letter from the Bonding Company stating
that the bond is still inforce and will be until the improvements are installed.

Mr. Bills stated that the Board of Adjustment recommended approval of this appli-
cation for Variance, V-8-57*

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted
and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 17th day of July, 1957, having considered the ap-
plication of Sam Cava for variance to construct a professional office building at
the northwest comer of South 8th and East Charleston, described as Lots 22 to 27
inclusive, of Block 34, South Addition and the portion of Block "B", Wardie Ad-
dition adjoining Lots 26 and 27 of Block 34, South Addition, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that
this application be approved subject to the applicant's signed agreement and bond
on file for the installation of off-site improvements which have been received;

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Sam P. Cava for vari-
ance to construct a professional office building on the northwest corner of South
8th and East Charleston Boulevard be approved, subject to the conditions as set
forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Works Engineer Victor Uehling reported that the lot clean-up program is presently
in progress in the Metropolitan district and Westside areas. He stated that at-
tempts are being made to make collection from the property owners for this work,
and the return generally runs around 80% of the cost.

 Mr. Uehling was asked by the Commission how much of this work was contracted out
and he advised that the removal of rubbish and burning wad done by a contractor
for the City.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request for additional funds for the lot clean-up
program be held in abeyance to allow for a general review of this program.

VACATION OF ALLEY
Block 2, Meadows
Addition

REZONING - Z-7-57
Fanny Soss
Denied

VARIANCE - V-8-57
Sam Cava
Approved

LOT CLEAN-UP PROGRAM
Additional Funds
Held in Abeyance
Motion seconded, by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor  Baker.

The Commission considered the acceptance and final payment to the contractor on the
installation of City Jail Equipment.

Field Engineer Hansen reported that the Contractor, Southern Steel Corporation, has
complied with the plans and specifications, and corrected all deficiencies. Mr.

Hansen recommended that this contract be accepted and final payment in the amount
of $6,760.10 authorized.

Commissioner Fountain moved the installation of the City Jail Equipment be accepted
and final payment to Contractor, Southern Steel Corporation in the total amount of
$6,760.10 approved, and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Field Engineer Hansen reported that inspections have been made by all City Departments,
deficiencies corrected and it is recommended that the subdivision Charleston Heights
Tract No. 4 be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be approved and Charleston Heights No.

4 accepted, and the bond for the installation of off-site improvements released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time Field Engineer Hansen reported that it was necessary to return the en-
tire final map of Morning View Heights No. 2 to the subdivision engineer, since a
property check indicates there is a 2½ foot encroachment on Power Company property.

Mr. Hansen stated that corrections would have to be made before any further action
could be taken.

The Commission considered the acceptance of the off-site improvements installed in
connection with Use Permit U-35-56 granted to Dr. Harry E. Fightlin for the installa-
tion of a professional office on Maryland Parkway between Lewis and Bridger.

Works Engineer Uehling reported that these improvements have been completed in ac-
cordance with Dr. Fightlin's agreement, and recommended the acceptance and release
of bond.

Commissioner Bunker moved the off-site improvements installed in conjunction with
Use Permit U-35-56 be accepted and the bond filed by Dr. Harry E. Fightlin released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Jack J. and Dorothy M. Leavitt;
Gilbert T. & Lois K. Rodman for a portion of Franklin Avenue and l6th Street. Right-
of-Way Agent Dwight Engebregson reported that this is for a 60 foot width on Franklin
between 15th and l6th, and the west half of l6th Street, northerly to Charleston
Square #1. He further reported that this deed is for a re-recording, correcting
the curve data in the original description recorded December 2, 1954 as Document No.
26873 in Book 30 of the Official Records of Clark County.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.
Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17 day of July, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 5 day
of July, 1957, executed by Jack J. Leavitt and Dorothy M. Leavitt; Gilbert R. Rodman
and Lois K. Rodman, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Right-of-Way Agent presented a quitclaim deed and agreement with Charles A. Lasky
and Dorothy G. Lasky for the southerly five feet of Lots 19 through 22, Meadows Ad-
dition, making Cincinnati Avenue, east of 5th Street, 55 feet in width, Mr. Enge-
bregson explained that the agreement signed by the Laskys would hold the City harm-
less from any liability caused by the footings of their building in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the agreement with Charles A. and Dorothy G. Lasky in
connection with the dedication of a five foot strip of Lots 19 through 22, Meadows
Addition, which is Cincinnati Avenue, be approved and the Mayor and Clerk author-
ized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

CITY JAIL EQUIPMENT
Acceptance & Final
Payment

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 4

Acceptance & Bond
Release

MORNING VIEW
HEIGHTS NO. 2
Report

USE PERMIT
U-35-36

Harry E. Fightlin
Bond Released

RESOLUTION
ACCEPTING DEED
Franklin & l6th

Leavitt & Rodman

RESOLUTION
ACCEPTING DEED &
AGREEMENT

C.A. & Dorothy Lasky
On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Harris
P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 17 day of July, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
7th day of July, 1957; executed by Charles A. Lasky and Dorothy G. Lasky to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed
in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for permits for Charitable
Solicitation, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

LAS VEGAS ART LEAGUE

CLARK COUNTY BASEBALL FOR YOUTH, INC.

SPORTSCAR CLUB OF AMERICA
PREWIN, INC.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the application of the Variety Club for a charitable
solicitation permit for the annual "Night of Stars". Mr. Kennedy reported that this
application has not been presented to the Solicitations Review Board, but recom-
mended its approval subject to consideration by that Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of the Variety Club for a Charitable
Solicitation Permit for the Annual "Night of Stats" be approved, subject to ap-
proval by the Solicitations Review Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for license for the retail sale
of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

LUCKY 13	13 Fremont   Canosa Inc - J.A. Harrell

MINT GIFT SHOP INC.         110 Fremont Faye G. Schayer

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for license for additional
games be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the licenses:

BLACKHAWK CAFE	Silver Slots	1300	North C	2	slots

THE PUB	Cardinal & Sullivan	1216	So. Main	3	slots

JIMMY'S LIQUOR STORE      Rancho Coin Machines	607	Van Buren	1	slot

THE MINT	By:	Milton Prell	110	Fremont	4  slots- 1 Big 6 Wheel

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp voted "Aye" on all applications

except the application of The Mint, and disqualified himself from voting by de-
claring that his firm was the architect for this building.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the application of Don Nagley for the Restaurant
Beverage license at the Red & White Cafe, 801 South 1st Street, formerly issued to
Robert C. Brodine, Jr. had been checked by the Police Department and was recom-
mended favorably.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Don Nagley for a Restaurant Beverage li-
cense at the Red & White Cafe, 801 South 1st Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager advised the Commission that the Police Department investigation on
the application of William Banks for the Restaurant Beverage license for Bank's
Cafe, 1329 North E Street, formerly known as Handle's Cafe, and issued to Amy Randle,
was favorable.

***See insert after next paragraph

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

CHARITABLE

SOLICITATION

PERMITS



CHARITABLE

SOLICITATION

PERMIT

CIGARETTE LICENSES



GAMING LICENSES
Additionals

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner

Red & White Cafe

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
& Name Business

Bank's  Cafe




Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William Banks for the Restaurant Bev-
erage license for Bank's Cafe, 1329 North E Street be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Consideration was given to the application of Sy Husney for the Tavern liquor license
of the New Yorker Bar, 115 South 1st Street. The City Manager advised the Commis-
sion that this license is presently issued to W.R. Mashburn and J. J. Rhiner, and
the Police investigation on applicant Sy Husney is favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Sy Husney for the Tavern Liquor license
for the New Yorker Bar, 115 South 1st Street be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the recommendation after Police investigation on
the application of Don Nagley for license for 4 slot machines at the Red & White Cafe,
801 South 1st Street, was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Don Nagley for license for 4 slot
machines at the Red and White Cafe, 801 South 1st Street be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy reported that a favorable recommendation had been received from the Po-
lice Department on their investigation of L.R. Bergen and H.P. Hurley for addition
to the Race Horse Book license presently issued to H.C. Remiloff at the Saratoga
Race Book, ll4 South 1st Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of L.R. Bergen and H.P. Hurley to be ad-
ded to the race horse book license of the Saratoga Race Book, 114 South 1st Street
be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the li-
cense .

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested additional time before making a recommendation
on Bid No. 57.29 for a Pump Maintenance Contract for the City.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the sward of Bid No. 57.29 for a Pump Maintenance
Contract be held until the next regular meeting on August 7, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the low bid of Ace Exterminating Company
on Bid No. 47.30 for the furnishing of Pest Control Service to the City for the
fiscal year be accepted, in the total amount of $834.00 for 12 months, subject to
the filing of a performance bond.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 57.30 be awarded to Ace Exterminating Company
at a total cost of $834.00 for 12 months, subject to this bidder filing a performance
bond, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign a contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy reported that he had received a request from Municipal Judge Richards
to make David Zenoff associate judge for the purpose of taking Judge Richard's
place in case of sickness or for one or two days while he is out of town.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission they had no authority to grant this
request since the Charter provides that in case the municipal judge may be sick,
absent or unable to act, any justice of the peace of said county, or any person who
possesses the qualifications prescribed by the Act for the office of municipal judge,
on the written request of the mayor, may act in the place and stead of the said
municipal judge. The City Attorney stated that in this instance, the Commission has
the power to apportion ratably the salary or compensation of such municipal judge
to such person so serving and deduct the sum from the salary of the municipal judge.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the gross payroll for this period is $100,766.32
and the net is $75,750.94.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 11125 through 11665 in the net
amount of $75,750.94 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager reported that the Service and Material Warrants totalling $401,486.78
include a Bank transfer of $290,000.00, leaving a total of $111,486.78. Also in-
cluded in this amount of $8,561.77 from the Bond Fund and $4,713.00 from special
Assessment Funds, for the improvement of "A" Street. Mr. Kennedy stated that the
balance on hand in the General Fund as of July 15, 1957 is $375,402.90.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 12897 through 13022
in the total amount of $401,486.78 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

7-17-57

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner

New Yorker Bar



GAMING LICENSE
Change of Owner

Red & White Cafe

GAMING LICENSE
Addn of Partner

BID NO. 57.29
Pump Maintenance
Contract

Award Held

BID NO. 57.30
Pest Control
Service

Award

ASSOCIATE
MUNICIPAL
JUDGE

PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

General Fund

Report


The City Manager reported on the request of the property owners on Dyke Lane for
the City to participate in the installation of water pipe to connect with the Las
Vegas Valley Water District. Mr. Kennedy stated that the City owns approximately
420 feet along this street, the cost of which would be approximately $2.50 a front
foot.

The Commission asked the City Manager if the City would connect into this line if
installed, and were advised that at the present time it would not be necessary;
however, in the event we intend to develop or sell the back portion of the property,
water mains would have to be available.

City Attorney Cannon reported that it was his opinion that the refund of 15% of the
cost of the installation of this line would not apply unless the City did use the
water of the Las Vegas Valley Water District.

No further action was taken on this report.

The City Manager requested permission to advertise for sale certain surplus equipment
the City has no further use for. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that there is
an accounting machine, for which we have received an informal bid of $1,000, and
surplus heating and cooling equipment removed from the City Jail.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise
for sale of the surplus equipment, bids to be opened at the regular meeting of the
Board of Commissioners on August 21, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

The City Manager reported on the improvement of South "A" Street between Charleston
and Main Street that had been discussed at the regular meeting of the Commission on
June 19, 1957.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had contacted Frank Scott, who represents the property
owners in this area, and they cannot raise the additional money required for the
paving of this street. The City Manager stated that the City has already put in the
curbs, gutters, and sub-base, and if the street is left as is, the majority of the
work will have to be redone when the paving is installed at a future time. He reported
to the Commission that it will cost the City approximately $4,000 to pave this street,
plus the $3600.00 from the property owners.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be granted to receive bids for the paving
of this street, providing the $3600.00 from the property owners is on deposit, and
the contractor files with the City a performance bond for this contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission for the Mayor Pro Tem to sign an appli-
cation for a radio license for the radio transmitter at the new Rehabilitation Farm.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor Pro Tem be authorized to sign the application
for a radio license for the transmitter at the new Rehabilitation Farm.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager presented an agreement signed by Dan Plunkett on the Plunkett Tract,
to place two flood lights on his building at the end of the cul-de-sac of Wall
Street in lieu of two street lights in this subdivision. Mr. Kennedy advised the
Commission that this agreement had been drawn by the City Attorney, and Mr. Plunkett
has agreed to put in automatically controlled flood lights and he will take care of
the maintenance. Mr. Plunkett further agrees that in the event of the sale of this
property there will be a covenant in the deed that this agreement will be binding
on the new owner until such time as something else can be worked out on an over-all
picture of street lighting in the area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the agreement
with Dan Plunkett for the installation of flood lights on his building at the end
of the cul-de-sac of Wall Street, provided, however that release of the Subdivision
Bond shall not be effected until such time as the flood lights are actually in-
stalled and approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

At this time Mr. Kennedy reported that he had contacted Mr. Harley Harmon, Chairman
of the Board of Clark County Commissioners with regard to the County's proposed plans
for improvement of streets that abut the City. The City Manager said that Mr. Harmon
advised him that the areas the County would be working on this summer consist of the
double lane on Maryland Parkway from San Francisco Avenue south to the Nevada Southern
University; two miles on West Charleston beginning at Arville and going west, this
would be a thirty-foot street on the County's side and take care of the unpaved area
that borders the City's paving to Decatur Boulevard. Mr. Kennedy further reported
that the County plans to do some work in Meikle Manor in which the property owners
will put in two miles and the County will pave one mile. The County also anticipates
work on Industrial Road or Highland Drive, south of San Francisco Avenue to the D-4-C
Road, and Will pave the streets in Vegas Heights.

The City Manager stated that Richard Sauer, Street Superintendent had met with Pres
Lamb of the County Road Department and that San Francisco Avenue will be widened
15 feet on each side from Paradise Road to its intersection with the Boulder Highway.

Mr. Kennedy estimated that the City's share of this improvement would cost approxi-
mately $6500.00.

WATER CONNECTION
Dyke Lane



SALE OF SURPLUS
EQUIPMENT

Notice to Bid

Authorized





"A" STREET PAVING
Main to
Charleston

Paving Bids to
be Secured

APPLICATION FOR
RADIO LICENSE
Rehabilitation
Farm

PLUNKETT TRACT
Modified Agree-
ment

COUNTY-CITY
Street

Improvement


City Manager Kennedy continued that the City Engineering Department is working on
H Street improvement and is presently straightening out the right-of-way. he
stated that plans are being made for the improvement of Eastern Avenue between St.
Louis and San Francisco; Owens Avenue from Cherokee Lane to Highland Drive; Bruce
Street from Harris Avenue to Jansen Avenue; and Bonanza Road from 13th to approxi-
mately 15th Street and a further portion of Bonanza Road bordering the Greater Las
Vegas Addition.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of July 3, 1957 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote because he was not present at this meeting.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the Committee for recommendation on the proposed
Ordinance on Collection Agencies requested additional time before reporting. Mr.
Fountain stated that the existing Collection Agencies had requested time to hold
meetings on this proposed ordinance before it is adopted.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 462 DEALING WITH REGIS-

TRATION WITH CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT OF EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING HOUSES,

TAXI DRIVERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE SOLD
AT RETAIL ON THE PREMISES; BY AMENDING SECTION 6 TO PROVIDE FOR A THREE YEAR CERTI-
FICATE; BY REQUIRING THAT SAID CERTIFICATE BE IN THE POSSESSION OF THE EMPLOYEE AT
ALL TIMES WHILE WORKING; REPEALING ALL CONFLICTING ORDINANCES; PROVIDING OTHER
MATTERS PROPERTY RELATED THERETO; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF,
having been reported on favorably by Commissioner Fountain, as amended, was read in
full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 745 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner	Bunker and carried by the following	vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp	and His Honor Mayor Pro	Tem	Whipple	voting	aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

An ordinance concerning Rezoning application Z-5-57 & Z-37-55, entitled:	AN ORDINANCE

TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OP
THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID
MAP, having been reported on favorably by Commissioner Sharp, was read in full to
the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 746 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner	Fountain and carried by	the	following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp	and His Honor Mayor Pro	Tem	Whipple voting 	aye; noes,

none, Absent: Mayor Baker.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMENT CHAPTER 36,SECTION 67, CODE OF LAS

VEGAS, 1949, BY PROVIDING FOR ALLEY PARKING WITHIN THE CITY OP LAS VEGAS; REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF;

AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read by title and referred
to Commissioner Sharp for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp reported that he had investigated the request for amendment to
Ordinance No. 742 concerning the licensing and regulating of Fortune Tellers, Astro-
logers, etc., made by Mr. Gus Andro, and recommended that the ordinance not be amended.

Commissioner sharp moved that the request for amendment of Ordinance No. 742 be
tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the resolution
of the Traffic & Parking Commission requesting amendment to the Vehicle & Traffic
Ordinance asked for additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Bunker requested that the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an
appropriate resolution thanking the Friends of Youth organization for contributing
$2,000 for the purchase of football uniforms for youngsters in the City Recreation
teams, and the Clerk instructed to forward a copy of this resolution, together with
a letter to the President of the F.O.Y. expressing the Commission's appreciation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker advised the Commission he had been receiving numerous requests
for the appointment of the Youth Advisory Council and suggested that the Board give
this matter some thought and be prepared to make appointments at the next regular
meeting of the Commission. The Board concurred in this suggestion.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of 8:25 P.M.
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

 City Clerk	

MINUTES



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection
Agencies

ORDINANCE NO. 745
Registration of
Casino Employees

ORDINANCE NO. 746
Rezoning—Z-5-57
& Z-37-55

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Alley Parking
Restrictions

ORDINANCE NO. 742
Not to be
Amended



VEHICLE & TRAFFIC
Ordinance Amend-
ment

RESOLUTION -
Commendation
F.O.Y.

YOUTH ADVISORY
COUNCIL

To be Appointed
(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)	Date:	July 23, 1957

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby called
to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 23rd day of July, 1957 at the hour of 4:00 P.M.,
to consider the following matters:

1.	"A" Street Paving

2.	Gravel Hauling

3.	Licensing in homes

4.	Rezoning Ordinance

5.	Use of Fire Truck by ABC

6.	New Sewage Treatment Plant Change Order

7.	Licensing of Pin Ball machines

8.	Purchase of Ready-mix trucks.

s/ C. D. Baker
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners

and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a
special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's
Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 23rd day of July, 1957, at the hour of 4:00 P.M., to
consider the following matters:

1.	"A" Street Paving

2.	Gravel Hauling

3.	Licensing in homes

4.	Rezoning Ordinance

5.	Use of Fire Truck by AEC

6.	New Sewage Treatment Plant Change Order

7.	Licensing of Pin Ball	machines

8.	Purchase of Ready-mix	trucks.

s/ Shirley Lodwick
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

s/ C. D. Baker	s/ Reed Whipple

s/ Wendell Bunker	s/ R. F. Boos

s/ E. W. Fountain	s/ A. H. Kennedy

s/ Harris P. Sharp

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 23, 1957

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 23rd day of July, 1957, was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M.,
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Maybr	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert P. Boos

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Street Supt.	Richard Sauer

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager Kennedy reported that a request had been received from the Civilian
Defense for permission to use one of the City's Fire Trucks for the purpose of
testing the possibility of using this type of equipment for decontamination in
connection with atomic bombs. Mr. Kennedy explained that the testing will be done
at the Atomic Energy Commission's Nevada Test Bite, and the crew for the truck will
be composed of the Fire Chiefs of San Diego, San Bernardino, Los Angeles County,
with Fire Chief Elmer Gates driver of the truck. The Manager also advised the
Commission that an insurance policy would be filed with the City to cover this
equipment during the period it is on loan by the City, and that the truck would be
needed sometime after the 7th of August, 1957. Mr. Kennedy recommended this re-
quest be granted, subject to clearance from the City Attorney as to the legality
of loaning the equipment.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the request of
the Civilian Defense for the loan of a fire truck from the City be approved,
subject to clearance by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

LOAN OF FIRE TRUCK
Civilian Defense
The Commission considered a request for a change order on the construction of the
New Sewage Treatment Plant concerning the installation of a sump around the plant
for drainage purposes. The City Manager explained that this precaution was being
taken to take care of excess surface water and would cost approximately $1,367.23.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that this change order be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted, and
that a change order for the installation of a sump around the new sewage treatment
plant be issued to Lembke-Clough & King in the amount of $1,367.23.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy presented for discussion the increasing problem of businesses licensed
in residential areas. The City Manager stated that the existing ordinance permits
the issuance of licenses in the home as long as the business is of a limited nature,
but the problem arises when the business expands and continues to operate at the
residential location.

The Commission discussed this matter at length and advised the City Manager that
their policy was that this practice should be discontinued and authorized the pre-
paration of an amendment to the ordinance to prohibit licensing of businesses in
residential areas unless a use permit or variance has been granted.

The City Manager advised the Commission that the Federal license on pin ball or
coin operated machines has been changed to $250.00 per annum, and as a result these
machines are being converted with coin pay-off chutes. Mr. Kennedy stated that the
City is now licensing these devices as slot machines, but the situation arises in
the limiting of the number of slot machines permitted in an establishment.

The Commission advised the City Manager that the pin ball or coin operated machines
licensed as slot machines should be included in the count of the twelve slot machines
permitted in an establishment other than an arcade or gaming establishment.

City Manager Kennedy reported on the paving of "A" Street between Charleston and Main,
and advised the Commission that three or four local paving contractors capable of per-
forming this contract have submitted informal bids. Mr. Kennedy explained that the
fourth contractor who did not bid, does not have equipment available at this time to
do the work. Hie Manager advised the Commission that the low bid is that of Wells
Cargo Inc., which is 8,512 square yards of MC Primer at 6¢ a square yard, and 8,512
square yards of A.C. Asphalt at 7¢ a square yard, making a total of $6,469.12, and
recommended that this proposal be accepted since this contractor can commence work
immediately. Mr. Kennedy stated that 50% of this improvement is being paid by the
property owners and is on deposit with the City.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and
the contract for paving of South "A" Street from Main to Charleston be awarded to
Wells Cargo Inc. in the total amount of $6,469.12, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the request for permission to contract out the hauling
of gravel for the improvement of Bonanza Road, Bruce Street, Eastern Avenue and Owens
Avenue. City Manager Kennedy explained that Field Engineer Hansen and Street
Superintendent Sauer had contacted all the licensed trucking businesses, and the
lowest bid was that of Trigger Rock Sand and Gravel at 90¢ a yard.

Mr. Sauer stated that it was estimated that the City would require approximately
7,000 square yards for this improvement, at a total estimated cost of $6,000.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request to contract the hauling of gravel for the
improvement of East Bonanza Road, Bruce Street, Eastern Avenue and Owens Avenue
with Trigger Rock Sand and Gravel at 90¢ per square yard, at an estimated total
cost of $6,000.00 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission requested that hereafter when proposals for supplies or services are
required in a short period of time, that bids be advertised, to be opened prior to
a scheduled meeting of the Commission by the Mayor, and then award of the bid can
be made at a subsequent Board meeting.

The City Manager reported that the slurry program will be completed on Friday. He
advised the Commission that the City has a tentative agreement with Las Vegas Building
Materials to buy two ready-mix trucks at a cost of $2750.00 each. Mr. Kennedy recom-
mended that this purchase be made, so that slurrying of streets can continue. He
explained that at the present time we are renting this equipment at a cost of $1,500.00
per month, and if we purchase the equipment it cannot only be used for our own program,
but can be rented to the State Highway Department for their use.

Commissioner Fountain moved the purchase of two ready-mix trucks from the Las Vegas
Building Materials, at a cost of $2750.00 each be authorized, and the purchase order
issued, as recommended by the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple

There being no further business to come before the Board, the meeting adjourned at the
hour of 4:40 P.M.

APPROVED

 s/ Shirley Lodwick	s/ C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor	7-23-57

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Change Order

LICENSING OF
BUSINESSES
IN HOMES

PIN BALL MACHINES

"A" STREET PAVING
Main to Charleston

HAULING OF GRAVEL

Bonanza, Bruce,

Eastern & Owens


BID ADVERTISING &
OPENING

PURCHASE OF READY-
MIX TRUCKS
(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)	August 1, 1957

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby called
to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 1st day of August, 1957, at the hour of 4:00
P.M., to consider the following matters:

1.	Resolution on the Free-Way

2.	Sale or Lease of Huntridge Fire Station

3.	Estimated Payroll

4.	Arthur Murray School of Dance - Public Dance Hall

s/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

NOTICE OP SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners

and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City
Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Pro Tem
a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the
Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 1st day of August, 1957, at the hour of 4:00 P.M.,
to consider the following matters:

1.	Resolution on the Free-Way

2.	Sale or Lease of Huntridge Fire Station

3.	Estimated Payroll

4.	Arthur Murray School of Dance - Public Dance Hall

s/ Shirley Lodwick
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City Attorney
of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

s/	C. D. Baker	s/	Reed Whipple

s/	Wendell Bunker	s/	Harris P. Sharp

s/	E. W. Fountain	s/	R. F. Boos

s/	Howard W. Cannon	s/	A. H. Kennedy

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING	Las Vegas, Nevada

August 1, 1957

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 1st day of August, 1957, was called to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M., by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon .

City Manager Kennedy presented a resolution granting approval to the State Highway
Department for the designation, establishment and maintenance of a limited access
highway or freeway. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this resolution had been
checked and approved by the City Attorney, and if adopted, would indicate the City's
approval of the West line for the freeway. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that
the County Commissioners had adopted the resolution and North Las Vegas was going to
adopt it immediately.

City Attorney Cannon arrived at this time.

Discussion followed and the Commission agreed to approve the resolution provided the
word "approximate" is inserted before the footage 1000, 1000 and 500 in the description
on page 2 of said resolution. The City Attorney amended the resolution to conform
with the condition.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION OF APPROVAL BY THE CITY COUNCIL
OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA TO STATE HIGHWAY
DEPARTMENT FOR DESIGNATION, . ESTABLISHMENT, AND
MAINTENANCE OF LIMITED ACCESS HIGHWAY OR FREEWAY

WHEREAS, the State of Nevada, Department of Highways, proposes to construct,
reconstruct, relocate and realign certain portions of what is presently known as U. S.
Highway 91 as hereinafter described; the latter extending from the vicinity of McCarran
Air Field to the vicinity of Apex Summit; and

WHEREAS, Section 186, Chapter 370, Statutes of Nevada, 1957, provides in part
that after and upon a resolution of the board, the department under the provisions
of this chapter may lay out, establish, acquire, open, construct, improve, maintain,
regulate, vacate or abandon limited access highways or freeways with the approval

RESOLUTION -

Freeway Location
of the Board of County Commissioners of the County affected and with the approval
of the City Council of incorporated cities affected thereby; and

WHEREAS, the construction, reconstruction, realignment and relocation of that
portion of that highway described hereafter will be of material benefit to the
residents of the City of Las Vegas and to the public in general, by providing
better and safer means of transportation because of such proposed improvements;
and

WHEREAS, it is anticipated that the said highway will carry a heavy load
of traffic and will become one of the principal arteries of travel in the City
of Las Vegas,

WHEREAS, it appears that said highway falls within the needs and definition
of limited access highway or freeway under the Federal rules and regulations of
the Federal Government as established pursuant to statutes governing aid to the
several states for the construction of highways; and

WHEREAS, the Department of Highways, pursuant to Section 186 hereinbefore
mentioned, has passed a resolution providing that said department may lay out,
establish, acquire, open, construct, reconstruct, improve, maintain, repair and
regulate a certain highway hereinafter described as a limited access highway or
freeway within the meaning of the federal and state statutes and has requested
the approval of the City Council of the City of Las Vegas to that end, said route
is described as follows:

From the south city limits of Las Vegas as San Fran-
cisco Avenue some approximate 1000' west of the U.P.R.R.
thence in a northeasterly direction west of the U.P.R.R.
to a crossing of Charleston Boulevard some approxi-
mate 1000' west of the U.P.R.R. thence continuing
in a northeasterly direction west of the U.P.R.R. to
the north city limits of Las Vegas at Owens Avenue
some approximate 500' west of the U.P.R.R.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the City Council of the City of Las
Vegas, State of Nevada, that pursuant to said Section 186 hereinbefore mentioned
approval is hereby given to the State Highway Department so that it may lay out,
establish, acquire, open, construct, reconstruct, improve, maintain, repair and
regulate the hereinbefore described highway as a limited access highway or freeway.

DATED this 1st day of August, 1957

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Attorney Cannon left the meeting at this time.

Mr. Caesar Murphy, manager of the Arthur Murray School of Dance and his attorney,

Mr. B. Mahlon Brown were present to discuss their request previously presented to
the Commission on June 11, 1957, to establish a dance hall in the building known
as Vegas Theater located between 15th and 16th Streets on Fremont.

Commissioner Bunker reported to the Commission that he and Commissioner Fountain
had met with a representative group from the community and discussed this proposition
and had found that they were opposed to any such dance hall catering to teenagers.

Mr. Bunker stated that he personally felt that Mr. Murphy could not make a go of
a public dance hall if teenagers were excluded, but he too felt that it would not
be feasible to allow these youngsters to mix with the adult attendance. He con-
tinued that there is the possibility of conflict with the boys from Nellis Air
Force Base and there is the problem of parking facilities and the necessity of
policing the parking lot.

Mr. Brown advised the Board that this matter had been discussed with the Chief of
Police, and it was Mr. Brown's understanding that Chief Sheffer felt this was a
worthwhile venture and would prefer to have the congregating of teenagers in one
location within the City where it would be under his jurisdiction and could be
controlled.

The Commission discussed the opposition from surrounding residential property
owners, the parking situation, the accessibility of obtaining liquor within the
vicinity, and the existing "curfew" ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker advised Mr. Murphy he was opposed to the installation of a
dance hall which would cater to teenagers.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that he too was opposed to such a dance hall at this
time because he felt that the schools, churches and Recreation Department provided
sufficient entertainment for this age group.

Commissioner Fountain said that he was in favor of a dance hall, but not at this
proposed location.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he was opposed to the location and did not feel at
this time that teenagers should be permitted to attend.

Thereafter the Commission decided to request the City Attorney to secure ordinances
concerning dance hails from other cities of comparable size before making a final
decision on this request.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the payroll for the period ending July 31, 1957 in
the estimated gross amount of $99,864.00 and estimated net amount of $75,900.00,
be approved and the warranted authorized to be issued.

PROPOSED PUBLIC
DANCE HALL

PAYROLL


Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the City has received an offer to sell the
Huntridge Fire Station for $45,000.00 cash. Mr. Kennedy stated that this pro-
perty located on East Charleston Boulevard is 141 feet wide by 120 feet deep.

The City Manager also advised that there is the possibility of leasing this
building and land for $600.00 a month on a ten year lease. Mr. Kennedy stated
that the third group interested in this location is the Chamber of Commerce, but
he has not heard anything definite from them.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this property is presently zoned as C-1 and for the
purpose of leasing this property it has to be C-2. Discussion followed, and the
Commission requested the City Manager to make application to the Planning Com-
mission for rezoning of this property to C-2.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meeting
adjourned at the hour of 5:15 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 7, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 7th day of August, 1957, was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M.,
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Associate Planner	Shawnee Stewart

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

The Commission considered the application of Leigh Ellsworth for variance to convert
an existing accessory building into two apartments, said building located two (2)
feet from the rear lot line and two (2) feet from the side lot line, at 1212 South
3rd Street (Portion of Lot 10, Lots 11 and 12, Block 14, Boulder Addition), in an
R-4 Zone.

Mayor Baker announced that this application had been recommended for approval by
the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the signing of an agreement and the
paving of the parking area, said agreement which has been filed by Mr. Ellsworth
and checked by the City Attorney.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this variance.

None were filed nor voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 7th day of August, 1957, having considered the
application of Leigh Ellsworth for variance to convert an existing accessory building
into two apartments, said building located two (2') feet from the rear and side lot
lines at 1212 South 3rd Street, described as a portion of Lot 10 and Lots 11 and 12,
Block 14, Boulder Addition, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that
this application be approved subject to the signed agreement, the paving of the
parking area, and that no windows or other openings be allowed on the side of the
building adjoining the side property line,

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Leigh Ellsworth for
variance to convert an existing accessory building into two apartments at 1212
South 3rd Street be approved, subject to the condition set forth by the Board of
Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Works Engineer Uehling reported that a request for final payment for the work
performed by M. W. S. Equipment Company on the Lot Clean Up program prior to the
discontinuance of this project on July 17, 1957, has been received in the amount
of $819.50. Mr. Uehling recommended that payment be made. He advised the Commission
that statements have been mailed to the property owners for this work, but all

HUNTRIDGE FIRE
STANTON



VARIANCE - V-9-57
Leigh Ellsworth

LOT CLEAN UP
PROGRAM


payments have not been received at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request for final payment to M. W. S. Equipment
Company for the Lot Clean Up Program in the total amount of $819.50 be approved,
and the warrant authorized to be issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. Uehling further reported that a written request has been received from
Opaco Lumber Company to clean up their property in the vicinity of East Charles-
ton Boulevard and Noble Lane, at a cost of approximately $675.00. He also advised
that verbal approval has been secured from Andrew Lowell for clean up of his
property in this same area, at an estimated cost of $550.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to proceed with the
clean up of the property owned by Opaco Lumber Company on East Charleston
Boulevard and Noble Lane at an approximate cost of $675.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Works Engineer Uehling requested release of the performance bonds filed in
connection with supply contracts with the City for the fiscal year of July 1,

1956 through June 30, 1957, said bonds filed by the following firms:

Las Vegas Auto Parts	Batteries	Bid	No.	56.33

Union Oil Company	Lubricants	Bid	No.	56.10

Texas Company	Gasoline	Bid	No.	56.28

Texas Company	Diesel & Fuel Oil	Bid	No.	56.29

Superior Tire, Inc.	Tires & Tubes	Bid	No.	56.34

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the aforementioned
performance bonds released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the additional information
requested by the City from Phelps Pump & Equipment on Bid No. 57.29, for the
furnishing of Pump Maintenance service, has not been received. Mr. Kennedy
stated that Mr. Phelps had contacted him just prior to this meeting and informed
him that this information would be forthcoming this week. The City Manager
suggested that either the bid award be held until the next regular meeting,
or all bids be rejected.

Commissioner Bunker moved that all proposals received and opened July 3, 1957
on Bid No. 57.29 for the furnishing of Pump Maintenance service be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Works Engineer Uehling presented a quitclaim deed from the Roman Catholic Bishop
of Reno for rights-of-way around the Catholic Church property which is located
on Alta Drive between Shetland Road and Campbell Drive. Mr. Uehling explained
that this deed included the extension of Campbell Drive, the 40 foot widening
of Alta Drive, and the dedication of two unnamed streets abutting the Church
property.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7 day of August, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed,
dated the 26 day of July, 1957, executed by

The Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno, a Corporation Sole

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Mary Basta for a forty foot
right-of-way for the south side of East Bonanza Road. Mr. Uehling explained that
this property is located in the recently annexed area east of Noble Lane, and
is the dedication of approximately 330 feet of right-of-way for East Bonanza Road.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and
carried unanimously the following resolution is adopted, and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7 day of August, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 17 day of July, 1957, executed by

Mary Basta

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
Street; and

SUPPLY CONTRACTS
1956-57

Release of Bonds

BID NO. 57.29
Pump Maintenance
Contract
Bids Rejected

RESOLUTION
ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Campbell, Alta &
2 Unnamed Streets

RESOLUTION
ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
East Bonanza
Road
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for charitable solicitation
permits, recommended for approval by the Solicitations Review Board be approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

L. V. POLICE PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION
SERVICE LEAGUE
ALTRUSA CLUB

SISTERHOOD OF L. V. JEWISH COMMUNITY CENTER
LAS VEGAS PRESS CLUB

WOMAN'S SOCIETY OF CHRISTIAN SERVICE, FIRST METHODIST CHURCH

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses
be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

BANK'S CAFE	Rancho Coin Machine	1329 North E	1	Slot

EL CORTEZ CLUB	By: J. K. Houssels	600 Fremont	6	Slots

JIMMY'S LIQUOR STORE	Rancho Coin Machine	607 Van Buren	1	Slot

ROUND UP LIQUOR STORE	By: Murray Peterson	1820 South 5th	1	Slot

NEW PIONEER CLUB	By: Milton Press	25 Fremont	4	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Tom Rolofson for a gaming license for
1 cash Payout Pinball Machine at the Las Vegas Bowl, 1825 South 5th Street be approved
for the licensing period ending in March of 1958, and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Tom Rolofson for license for 2 Cash
Payout Pinball Machines at the Lucky 13, 13 Fremont be approved and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for new gaming licenses be
approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

 CLARKS DAIRY

FOUNTAIN LUNCH	George W. Bramley	1000 North Main	4	Slots

CUT RATE LIQUOR	Hughie Roach	132 South 5th	3	Slots

SUNSET CAFE	Cardinal & Sullivan	411 W. Charleston	2	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the retail
sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

CHARLESTON LIQUOR STORE	E. J. Gilbreath	9 W. Charleston

CHARLIE'S BEER BAR &	 LIQUORS  Fred Atol	1511 South Main

FRIENDLY LIQUOR	Harry Levy	616 W. Bonanza

MAIN LIQUOR STORE	-	Lillian Winesky	416 North 5th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 11666 through 12215 in the
net amount of $76,684.87 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 13023 through
13197 in the total amount of $126,028.57 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Fireman's Fund Indemnity Company for can-
cellation release of the bond of City Attorney Howard W. Cannon on file with the
City, and replaced on June 19, 1957 by Bond No. 6025301 to cover Mr. Cannon's
term of office commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1961.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Howard W. Cannon's public official bond designated
as Fireman's Fund Indemnity Company Bond No. 69606 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the following resolution of commendation to the Friends of Youth
Organization was read by the Clerk:

CHARITABLE

SOLICITATION

PERMITS



GAMING LICENSES
Additional

GAMING LICENSES
Pinball Machines

Las Vegas Bowl
Lucky 13

GAMING LICENSES
New

CIGARETTE LICENSES

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL 
WARRANTS

RELEASE OF OFFICIAL
BOND

City Attorney
Cannon

RESOLUTION OF 
COMMENDATION
Friends of Youth
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, "FRIENDS OF YOUTH" is an organization interested in the wholesome
development of the young people of the City of Las Vegas and particularly in
assisting in athletic programs; and

WHEREAS, "FRIENDS OP YOUTH" has been very active in such programs and has demon-
strated its interest and activity along this line by contributing the sum of $2,000 for
the purchase of football uniforms to be used in the City Athletic Program; and

WHEREAS, this contribution is worthy of public recognition and recognition and
recognition by this Board,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of August, 1957, that "FRIENDS
OF YOUTH" is hereby publicly thanked for its interest and participation in the Recre-
ation Program of the City of Las Vegas, and its contribution to the City for the pur-
chase of football uniforms for the youth of the City is deeply appreciated by this
Board.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the minutes
of the City of Las Vegas, and a copy forwarded to "FRIENDS OF YOUTH" Organization.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Attorney Cannon arrived at the meeting.

The Commission considered a resolution of commendation to the Planning Commission,
Commissioner Bunker and City Employees for the work performed on the freeway routing.

The resolution as prepared was read to the Board.

Commissioner advised that Commissioner Fountain had attended the meetings and hearings,
and suggested that his name be included in this resolution.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution, as amended be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the proposed freeway through the City of Las Vegas poses numerous problems
of vital concern to the general public; and

WHEREAS, many of the City Employees, and particularly the members of the Planning
Commission and Commissioners Wendell Bunker and E. W. Fountain have worked long and
diligently in attempting to work out the best possible freeway routing, keeping in mind
the benefits and detriments to the general public of the City; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners desires to recognize the services of such persons^

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of August, 1957, by this Reso-
lution do hereby publicly thank and commend the members of the Planning Commission,

City Employees, and Commissioners Wendell Bunker and E. W. Fountain for the time and
effort expended in working on the proposed freeway routing through the City of Las
Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the minute
book of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a letter of resignation from the
Golf Board has been received from Herb McDonald. Action on this resignation was
temporarily deferred by the Board.

The Commission considered the letter of resignation of Angelo Manzi from the Board
of Zoning Adjustment.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Manzi's resignation from the Board of Zoning
Adjustment be accepted and a letter of appreciation of his services be sent to Mr.

Manzi.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Vincent Garth be appointed as a member of the Board
of Zoning Adjustment to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Angelo Manzi,
said term to expire in September of 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that proposals received for the furnishing of one
Sedan or station wagon, called for under Bid No. 57.25, be rejected since the City does
not need these vehicles at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved that all proposals received on Bid No. 57.25 be rejected,
as recommended by the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented the request of Herb McDonald of the Hotel Sahara that Fire
Chief Gates be granted permission to attend the International Fire Chief Convention
in New Orleans in early September to assist in putting in a bid for the 1960 or 1961
convention for Las Vegas. Mr. Kennedy explained that Chief Gates had assisted in se-
curing the 1959 or 1960 Pacific Inter-Mountain Fire Chiefs Convention at the July

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION

Freeway Hearings



GOLF BOARD

Resignation



BOARD OF ZONING
ADJUSTMENT

Resignation

BOARD OF ZONING
ADJUSTMENT
Appointment

BID NO. 57.25 -
Sedan or Station
Wagon

Bids Rejected

CONVENTION
ATTENDANCE
Fire Chief
convention held in Portland, Oregon. City Manager further advised that he had
been advised that the actual invitation must be submitted by the Fire Chief in
person, otherwise the bid will not be considered by the Convention.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.31 for the instal-
lation of a Deep Weil Turbine Pump and Pressure System for the New Sewage Treatment
Plant, proposals were received from the following firms:

EFFINGER DRILLING & PUMP SERVICE	$4,177.75

ALLEN & FAILING		3,481.76

S. R. McKINNEY & SON	4,057.21

PHELPS PIMP & EQUIPMENT CO.	No Bid

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the	opening of Bid	No.	57.32	for	the	construction

of Stage I of the Remodeling	of City Hall, proposals were	received	from	the	following

firms:

Heating Unit

Addendum	Alternate

LESLIE GOBEL CONSTRUCTION CO.	$30,000.00

LEMBKE, CLOUGH & KING CONST.	29,395.00

P & C CONSTRUCTION	26,979.00	$1,420.00	$860.00

SHELTON MILL & CONST. CO.	28,645.00	1,395.00

WILLIS-ROBINSON CONST. CO.	29,296.00	720.00

M. D. SCHROEDER CONST. CO.	32,160.00	750.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Engineering Department for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of July 17, 23 and August 1, 1957 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor "voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance concerning the regulation and licensing of Collection Agencies, requested
additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Sharp reported favorably on the proposed ordinance imposing certain
parking restrictions in the downtown alleys, in that area from Main Street to 6th
Street, between Ogden and Carson. Mr. Sharp expressed his appreciation to Traffic
Engineer A1 Bossi for assistance he had given in the study of this ordinance.

Thereafter, an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 67,

CODE OF LAS VEGAS, 1949, BY PROVIDING FOR ALLEY PARKING WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION THEREOF; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, having
been reported on favorably, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 747 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance as of July 31, 1957
is $997,264.35. Mr. Kennedy stated that included in the Service and Material
warrants there is $49,611.41 from the Bond Fund and a refund of $250.00 on a dup-
licate payment of a liquor license.

The City Manager requested approval of Purchase Requisition No. 8588 to Armco
Drainage and Metal Products in the amount of $1530.00 for drainage pipe under
Bruce Street at the intersection of Washington Avenue. Mr. Kennedy explained
that this installation would prevent a washout of the streets in the event there
is another flood and the total cost for construction is estimated at $2500.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and Purchase Requisition
No. 8588 to Armco Drainage & Metal Products Co. for drainage pipe to be installed
at the intersection of Bruce and Washington Avenue be approved, and the purchase
order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Rev. Dan Hisey to conduct a revival
meeting at the corner of C. Street and Harrison Avenue for a period of ten days
to two weeks. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Rev. Hisey is currently
conducting a revival on the Elks Property at 5th and Bonanza.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be approved and Rev. Hisey granted per-
mission to conduct a revival meeting at the corner of "C" Street and Harrison
Avenue for a period of two weeks, subject to compliance with conditions set forth
by the Fire, Police and Building Departments.

BID NO. 57.31
Deep Well Turbine
Pump & Pressure
System
Opened

BID NO. 57.32
Remodeling of
City Hall



MINUTES



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

ORDINANCE NO. 747
Alley Parking
Restrictions

GENERAL FUND
BALANCE

BRUCE STREET
DRAINAGE PIPE
Purchase
Authorized

REVIVAL MEETING
Rev. Dan Hisey
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Thelma Pike for permission to change the name
of her business from Sundown Liquor Store to Clubhouse Liquor Store and transfer
this business from 214½ North Main to 1157 South 5th Street. The City Manager
submitted a map showing the location of liquor stores presently licensed on
South 5th Street. Discussion was held and the Commission determined there were
a sufficient number of package liquor store licenses already issued on South 5th
Street.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Thelma Pike to change the location of
the Sundown Liquor Store from 214½ Worth Main Street to 1157 South 5th Street be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. John McWamee, attorney for Tanner Motor Company, was present at this time to
request a reduction of the license fee on the busses operated by this firm. Mr.
McWamee advised the Commission that the company was operating the bus service at
a loss, and are presently paying an annual license fee of $200.00 per bus on
eleven busses.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be held in abeyance pending the sub-
mission of a report of financial responsibility by Tanner Motors and a recommen-
dation from the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker advised the Commission that Mayor Baker has been invited to
attend the U. S. Conference of Mayors to be held in New York City in September of
this year. Mr. Bunker stated that he thought that it was important that Las Vegas
be represented.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mayor Baker be authorized to attend the U. S. Conference
of Mayors in Mew York City, and that expenses be paid by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. His Honor
passed his vote.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the proposals on Bid Wo. 57.31 for the instal-
lation of a Deep Well Turbine Pump and Pressure System at the Mew Sewage Treatment
Plant have been tabulated, and recommended that the low bid of Allen & Failing be
accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 57.31 be awarded to the low bidder, Allen
& Failing in the total amount of $3,481.76, subject to the signing of a contract
and furnishing a performance bond by this contractor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that H. B. DeVilliers be appointed as the lay member of
the Board of Electrical Examiners for a term of two years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission requested that a letter of appreciation be sent to Walter Johnson
who served as lay member of the Board of Electrical Examiners since January of 1956.

Commissioner Sharp moved that A. B. Hillis be reappointed as a member of the Board
of Blectrical Bxaminers for a term of two years.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mrs. Dale Royce of 2213 Isabelle Avenue, appeared before the Commission at this
time to request that the officers in the Traffic Division of the Police Depart-
ment be granted "hazard pay". Mrs. Royce stated that she felt that the additional
hazard of patrolling on motorcycles warranted increased pay to these employees.

The Board indicated they would take this recommendation under advisement.

Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting recess at the hour of 8:35 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:10 P.M. with all members present as of the
opening session.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that he had received a request from
the attorney of Anne Powell for settlement of her case out of Court. Mr. Cannon
reported that Mrs. Powell has filed a case in District Court against the City claim-
ing damages to her property caused by the water from the effluent ditch. The City
Attorney stated that this trial will commence on August 14th. Discussion was held
and no final determination was made at this time.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, at the hour
of 9:15 P.M. Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting recess until August 14th,

1957 at 7:30 P.M.

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Name
& Location



BUS COMPANY
Request for
Reduction of
License

CONVENTION
ATTENDANCE
Mayor Baker

BID NO. 57.31
Deep Well Turbine
Pump & Pressure
System



Award

BOARD OP ELECTRICAL
EXAMINERS

Appointments

TRAFFIC OFFICERS

"Hazard Pay"



CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Anne M. Powell
Request for Settle-
ment
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:





City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 14, 1957

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held this 14th day of August, 1957, was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Mayor Baker announced that this was the time set to again consider the applica-
tion of Drs. Gilbert Eklund and Vincent Sanner for a variance to permit the
erection of a professional building in an R-4 zone at Weldon Place between St.
Louis Avenue and El Centro Place (Lots 5 through 7, and a portion of Lot 8,

Block 3, El Centro Addition #2). His Honor stated that this matter had been
continued from the Commission meetings of June 5, 19 and July 3, 1957, to allow
the protestants an opportunity to view the proposed plans for this construction
and also because there had not been a full Board present at those meetings.

Mayor Baker advised those present that the Board of Adjustment had denied the
application for a variance to build three (3) feet from the property line, but
had recommended that a Use Permit be granted for this construction subject
to compliance with R-4 zoning setback requirements of ten (10) feet from
the property line.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. W. J. Barnes, who had previously appeared as spokesman for the property
owners protesting the erection of this professional building was present at this
time. Mr. Barnes stated that he had contacted several of the people who had
signed the original protest and they advised him that they felt as they did be-
fore in that they still are not in favor of the approval of this applications.

Mr. Barnes continued that he personally felt that if the property owners could
be assured that the City would not permit the construction of anything such as
a market or an all night type of store that most of the objections would be
withdrawn.

Commissioner Bunker asked Mr. Barnes if he thought the protestants had been
properly notified that the Commission intended to take action oh this matter
at this meeting.

Mr. Barnes said he felt certain that the property owners were aware of this
fact, but the majority felt that they had signed petitions of protest and some
were unable to be present because they were working.

Mayor Baker stated that this is an R-4 zone and professional offices are per-
mitted subject to the approval of a use permit or variance. His Honor said
that he personally would not vote to allow a commercial type of enterprise in
this particular area.

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and Whipple indicated that they too are opposed to
any type of commercial development in this particular area.

Commissioner Bunker moved Drs. Eklund and Sanner be granted a use permit for
the construction of a professional building on Lots 5, 6, 7 and a portion of
Lot 8, Block 3, El Centro Addition No. 2, subject to compliance with set back
requirements of 10 feet from the property line, as recommended by the Board
of Zoning Adjustment and subject to the filing of a bond for the installation
of off-site improvements, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners at a recessed regular meeting held
August 14, 1957 having considered the application of Drs. Gilbert Eklund and
Vincent Sanner for a use permit for the construction of a professional building
at Weldon Place between St. Louis Avenue and El Centro Place (Lots 5 through 7
and a portion of Lot 8, Block 3, El Centro Addition #2) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application subject to compliance with R-4 zoning setback requirements
of ten (10') feet from the property line and having been advised an off-site
improvement agreement had been signed;

VARIANCE V-3-57
Drs. Eklund &
Sanner
NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application for a use permit
by Drs. Gilbert Eklund and Vincent Sanner for construction of a professional building
on Lots 5, 6, 7 and a portion of Lot 8, Block 3, El Centro Addition No. 2, be approved
subject to compliance with set back requirements of 10 feet from the property line and
filing of a bond for installation of off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that proposals received for Bid 57.32 for
the remodeling of City Hall, State I have been checked and it is the recommendation that
the low bid of P. & C. Construction Company be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager's recommendation be accepted and Bid
No. 57.32 for the remodeling of City Hail, Stage I be awarded to P & C Construction
Company in the total amount of $28,399.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner)

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker advised the Commission that a letter has been received from the Las Vegas
Council of Parents and Teachers recommending that Mrs. Wendell Bunker be considered
for appointment as a member of the Youth Advisory Council.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the following appointments be made to the
Youth Advisory Council:

Mrs. Harvey Dondero
Mr. Keith Ashworth
Mr. Fred Gillis
Mr. John Conway
Mrs. Hank Greenspun
Mrs. Robert Gresham
Mrs. Wendell Bunker
Dr. Charles I. West

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the proposed sale of City property to Dr. Chester Lyon
located in Section 36, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the City Attorney's Office has pre-
pared the agreement for the purchase of the first five acres in which the purchaser
will make payment of $10,000 within 30 days and also agrees to pay the cost of the
title insurance policy. Mr. Kennedy further reported that the option agreement to
purchase approximately 8½ acres at $17,642.00 and 6.8 acres at $14,056.00 of ad-
jacent property has also been prepared. The City Manager advised the Board that
the purchaser has requested that he be allowed 18 months to exercise the option.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the agreement with Dr. Chester Lyon for the
sale of five acres of City property and the option agreement on the additional
fifteen acres be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign said agree-
ments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented the offer of the Huntridge Development Company to pur-
chase the Huntridge Fire Station property located at 1100 East Charleston Boule-
vard from the City for $42,500.00. Mr. Kennedy stated that this company will
pay cash within thirty days for this property if their proposal is accepted.

No action was taken by the Commission on this matter.

The Commission again considered the request from the attorney of Anne M. Powell for
settlement out of court of her claim against the City for reported damage to her
property located in Section 10, T21S, R61E, MDB&M, caused by water from the effluent
ditch. Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised the Board that Mrs. Powell was will-
ing to settle for $750.00, and recommended that this offer be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Assistant City Attorney be ac-
cepted and settlement be paid to Mrs. Anne M. Powell in the amount of $750.00; fur-
ther that the Comptroller and Treasurer be authorized to issue this warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented a request to purchase 100 chairs for the Municipal Court
room from School Days Equipment Co. at a cost of $4.35 per chair, f.o.b. Los Angeles,
California.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and
Purchase Requisition No. 8719 to School Days Equipment Company for one hundred
chairs for the Municipal Court room at a total cost of $435.00 f.o.b. Los Angeles,
California be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request for approval of a purchase requisition to
Motorola Communications & Electronics in the amount of $3,388.17 for the purchase
of equipment to complete the radio hook up between the Police Department,Fire De-
partment and City Hall which will hook in to the alarm system. The City Manager

BID NO. 57.32
Remodeling of
City Hall
Award

YOUTH ADVISORY
COUNCIL

Appointments

SALE OF CITY
PROPERTY

Sec. 36-20-61
Dr. Chester Lyon

HUNTRIDGE FIRE
STATION

Request to Purchase

CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Anne M. Powell
Settlement

PURCHASE OF CHAIRS
FOr Court Room

RADIO CONTROL
STATION
Conversion
advised the Commission that the two base stations presently located in the Police and
Fire Departments will be moved to the Rehabilitation Farm and new Sewage Treatment
Plant. Mr. Kennedy further explained that provision for this conversion had been
made in the Civilian Defense Budget, and recommended that this requisition be approved .

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7792 to Motorola Communica-
tions and Electronics in the total amount of $3,388.17 be approved and the purchase
order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented a requisition for the purchase of eight mobile radio units
from Motorola Communications and Electronics, and recommended its approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisitions Nos. 8720 and 8721 in the total
amounts of $2,217.85 and $1,420.71 respectively to Motorola Communications and Elec-
tronics, be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the application of Milton Prell & Associates for a package
liquor license for The Mint located at 110 Fremont Street. Mr. Kennedy explained that
this club would like to sell miniatures at the gift shop and under the existing ordin-
ance they would require a package liquor license in addition to the tavern liquor license
they already have.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Milton Prell & Associates for a package
liquor license for The Mint, 110 Fremont Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote and declared that his firm was the architect during the construction of The Mint.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, at the hour of 8:30 P.M.
Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

	City Clerk	MAyor



Las Vegas, Nevada
August 21, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 21st day of August, 1957 was called to order at the hour
of 7:40 P.M., by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Consideration was given to the acceptance and release of bond on the con-
tract for the alterations and additions to the City Jail. City Manager
Kennedy requested that a special meeting be held on this matter and asked
that the Commission set a time so that the contractor and architect could
be notified to be present. The Commission instructed the City Manager to
contact Commissioner Whipple when re returned from vacation on August 26th
and set the meeting for the early part of that week.

 Works Engineer Uehling reported that the off-site improvements in connec-
tion with Variance V-40-55 granted Anderson Dairy have been completed by
Contractor Dan H. Plunkett in accordance with the agreement. Mr. Uehling
advised the Commission that curb, gutter and paving has been installed
along the north and south side of Woodlawn Avenue from North 5th Street
to the easterly boundary of the Anderson Dairy, and recommended that this
work be accepted and Mr. Plunkett's bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved as recommended by the Engineering Department the

MOBILE RADIO UNITS
Purchase Authorized

LIQUOR LICENSE
New

The Mint



CITY JAIL
ALTERATIONS &
ADDITIONS
Acceptance & Bond
Release

VARIANCE - V-40-55

Anderson Dairy

Acceptance & Bond

Release




off-site improvements installed in connection with Variance V-40-55
be accepted and the bond of Dan H. Plunkett in the amount of $3500.00
released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor vot-
ing aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Theresa Doolittle
for a thirty (30') foot right-of-way interest in portions of Tobin
Avenue, Lexington Street, "J" Street and an unnamed street.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner
Sharp and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of August, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 7th day of August, 1957, executed
by Theresa Doolittle, a widow to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be at-
tached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Ferris M. and Alice
M. Doolittle for a thirty (30') foot right-of-way interest in portions
of Tobin Avenue, "J" Street and "H" Street.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of August, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 7th day of August, 1957, executed
by Ferris M. Doolittle and Alice M. Doolittle, husband and wife to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be at-
tached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this
resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Supervisor of Building and Safety Art Trelease presented the applica-
tion of Josephine White for permission to move a house from 1000%

North "C" Street to 121 Madison Avenue. Mr. Trelease submitted pic-
tures of the existing structure and recommended approval of the appli-
cation, subject to the posting of a bond.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the moving of this
house. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Josephine White to move
a house from 1000% North "C" Street to 121 Madison be approved, sub-
ject to compliance with building and fire codes, and the posting of
a bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the
retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

FIRST NATIONAL BANK	730 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

LUCKY 13	13 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

MONTE CARLO CLUB	15 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

O. K. BARBER SHOP	1114 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

OLYMPIC GAS	413 West Bonanza	 Sutton Vending

PINKY'S LIQUOR	1232 South 5th	 Sutton Vending

SAVOY GRILL	624 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

UNION OIL SERVICE	847 West Bonanza          Sutton	Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Tobin, Lexington, "J"
and Unnamed Street

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Tobin, "J" & "H"

J

HOUSE MOVING PERMIT
Josephine White

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
New Locations
The Commission considered new applications for cigarette licenses,
recommended for approval by the Police Department.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for new lic-
enses for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be
approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the licenses:

CHARLIE WEAVER'S CHEVRON SERVICE 1100 South Main	Charles M. Weaver

COMMERCE DRUG	302 E. Charleston	Edward L. Royce	&

Fred C. Kerach

FISHER DRUG	501 North Main	Edward L. Royce	&

Fred C. Kerach

O'BRIEN'S LIQUOR STORE	1311 E. Charleston      R.F. O'Brien, R.J.

Cardinal & J.E.
Sullivan

THE PUB	1216 South Main	Lester Goldring

STRIP DRUGS	2425 South 5th	Ray O. McGowan

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Robert Van Santen for an
additional gaming license for 14 slot machines at the Nevada Club,
105-09-11-13 Fremont Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application by Don Ashworth for an
additional gaming license for The Westerner, 23 Fremont for one "21"
game be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 12216 through 12755
in the net amount of $75,200.26 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos.

13198 through 13344 in the total amount of $221,393.74 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker suggested that the appointments to the Youth Advisory
Council appearing in the Minutes of August 7, 1957 should be deleted
since the actual appointments were made on August 14, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of August 7, 1957 be approved with
the aforementioned correction and the minutes of August 14, 1957 approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for recommendation on the
proposed ordinance on Collection Agencies requested additional time.

Mr. Fountain advised the Commission that presently licensed collection
agencies still have not contacted the committee concerning this Ordin-
ance, and stated that this was their reason for requesting additional
time.

The Commission considered claims for damages filed against the City of
Las Vegas. City Attorney Cannon advised the Board that these claims
should be denied.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Emma Martin for damages resulting
from a fall on the sidewalk in front of 305 South 3rd Street in the amount
of $10,000.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
New

GAMING LICENSE
Additional
Nevada Club

The Westerner

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



MINUTES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

CLAIMS FOR DAMAGE
Denied

Emma Martin
Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Marie Forgues for damages
resulting from a fall on the street at the corner of 3rd and Fremont
Street in the amount of $867.25 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Easter C. Rundell for damages
resulting from a fall on the sidewalk in front of 508 Fremont in the
amount of $25.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Daniel Petrie for damages re-
sulting from a fall on a bush in front of 1708 Elm Street in the amount
of $50.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Amanda Euge for damages result-
ing from a fall on the sidewalk on the north side of Ogden between 3rd
and 4th Streets in the amount of $30.50 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Mabel R. Garry for damages re-
sulting from a fall on the sidewalk on the northeast corner of 1st and
Fremont in the amount of $1,500.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Loretta Anderson for damages
resulting from a fall on the sidewalk in front of the Boulder Club at
118 Fremont in the amount of $331.75 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the application of V. T. Hobbs for 30% in-
terest in the Race Horse Book license at the Derby Turf, 113 South 1st
Street. City Manager Kennedy reported that investigation of this appli-
cant had been made by the Police Department and it was their recommenda-
tion that the application be granted. Mr. Kennedy explained that pre-
viously an unfavorable report had been given on this applicant due to
the fact that Mr. Hobbs had requested that the Police Department make
an immediate recommendation, and there was insufficient time for a com-
plete investigation.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of V. T. Hobbs for
30% interest in the Derby Turf Race Horse Book license at 113 South 1st
Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the new applications for gaming license. City
Manager Kennedy reported that police investigation of William H. Covey
and Earl E. Peyton was favorable, and it was recommended that the lic-
enses be issued.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William H. Covey for 3
slot machines at the Coffee Pot, 18 Garces and the application of Earl E.
Peyton for 4 slot machines at the Strip Coffee Shop at 1328 South 5th
Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue author-
ized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES
Marie Forgues

Easter C. Rundell

Daniel Petrie

Amanda Euge

Mabel R. Garry



Loretta Anderson

GAMING LICENSE
Add'n of Partner
Derby Turf

GAMING LICENSES
New

Coffee Pot & Strip
Coffee Shop
Consideration was given to the application of Cameron Collister
dba C. D. Service, a new operator, for licenses for the retail
sale of cigarettes and tobacco products. The Police Department
recommended favorably on this applicant.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for licenses for
the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

HIGGIN'S MOTEL	1801 South 5th	C.D.	Service

SKY-RANCH MOTEL	2009 Fremont	C.D.	Service

BONANZA MOTEL	1808 Fremont	C.D.	Service

AMBASSADOR MOTEL	902 Fremont	C.D.	Service

ARROWHEAD GARAGE	930 North Main	C.D.	Service

HARLEY DAVISON SALES &

SER.	723 South 1st	C.D.	Service

ELLINGHAM'S BODY	SHOP	1066 South Main	C.D.	Service

A-ACTION GARAGE	1238 South Main	C.D.	Service

WESTERN STATE DISTRIBUTOR 905 South Main	C.D. Service

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Planning Director Bills reported at this time on a recommendation from
the Planning Department concerning certain changes in the Zoning Ordin-
ances to permit the processing of home occupation business licenses by
menas of a Use Permit. Mr. Bills explained that there are a sizeable
number of business licenses being issued for "border-line commercial
uses" in residential zones. He pointed out that if the City is not
careful there is a tendency for the situation to become out of hand.

The Planning Director stated that the Planning Department felt that if
there were minor changes made to the definition of "Home Occupation" in
the Zoning Ordinance as well as changes in the present ordinance to
channel all such applications through the Board of Zoning Adjustment
and be processed as Use Permits.

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioner Fountain as a committee to work with
the City Attorney and the Planning Department on this recommendation,
and report back to the Commission.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.35 for
the sale of surplus equipment no longer needed by the City of Las Vegas,
namely an accounting machine and heating and cooling equipment removed
from the City Jail, bids were received from the following:

GENERAL ENGINEERING	$552.00	- Bidding on all items except #9

SERVICE	(Electric Motor) and #10 (account-

ing machine)

ANDREW C. SWANSON	75.00	- Bidding only on item #2, Steel

Hot Water Tank

NATIONAL CASH REGISTER CO. 395.00	- Bidding only on item #10 (Account-

ing Machine)

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissions Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Mayor Baker announced that within thirty to sixty days the additions and
alterations of the City Jail will be completed and ready for use, provid-
ing the City with more than ample provisions to care for prisoners. His
Honor suggested that an offer be made to Clark County for them to use a
portion of the City's facilities for the detention of County prisoners.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Manager and City Attorney make a
study of this suggestion and contact Clark County officials to see if they
are interested and wish to negotiate for the use of a portion of the City's
Jail facilities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that invitations to bid on
the paving of Bonanza Road between 13th and 14th had been advertised for
opening on August 16, 1957, but no bids were received. Mr. Kennedy ex-
plained that the Engineering Department had written letters to the local

CIGARETTE APPLICATION
New Operator

BUSINESS LICENSES
IN RESIDENTIAL
ZONES

Home Occupations

BID NO. 57.35 -
Sale of Surplus
Equipment

Opening

USE OF CITY JAIL
Clark County

PAVING OF BONANZA
13th to 14th

Informal Bids
paving contractors asking that they submit written informal bids to the
City for this improvement . The City Manager advised the Commission
that two or these contractors had submitted informal proposals, said
bids which were on hand for opening by the Board.

Thereafter these bids were opened and read as follows:

Firm	Total

IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO.	$1.25 per sq. yd.	$1,799.55

WELLS-CARGO, INC.	.80 per sq. yd.	1,066.40

The bids were then referred to the Engineering Department for tabula-
tion and recommendation.

Mr. Kennedy requested that a warrant be authorized in the amount of
$275.60 for airline transportation for Mayor Baker to attend the U.S.
Conference of Mayors in New York City in September, said attendance
at this convention having been approved at the regular meeting of the
Commission on August 7, 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Comptroller and Treasurer be authorized
to issue a warrant in the amount of $275.60 for airline transportation
for Mayor Baker to the U. S. Conference of Mayors in New York City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Whipple. Mayor Baker passed his vote.

The City Manager presented the recommendation from the Engineering De-
partment that a change order in the contract for the remodeling of City
Hall, State I with P & C Construction Co. to allow the installation of
a heat pump. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this will mean a
credit to the City of $560.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved the change order to the contract for the re-
modeling of City Hall to permit the installation of a heat pump be ap-
proved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance is $890,977.85.
He further advised the Commission that included in the Service and Mater-
ial Warrants totaling $221,393.74 there is $100.12 from the Bond Fund and
$6,173.56 from the special assessment for South A Street improvement.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Lembke, Clough & King for an addi-
tional sixty days for the completion of the new Sewage Treatment Plant.

The City Manager advised the Commission that the contractor claims that
due to the unforeseen encountering of water it is necessary to ask for
this extension of time. Mr. Kennedy further reported that the Engineer-
ing Department and the Consulting Engineer had gone over this request
and had advised that an extension of 30 days time is sufficient for
completion of the project.

Based on the recommendation of the Consulting Engineer that the contractor
for the construction of the new Sewage Treatment Plant be granted a thirty
day extension of time for delay caused by dust storms, unexpected founda-
tion difficulties and delay in equipment arrival, Commissioner Bunker
moved that Lembke, Clough and King be granted an extension of thirty days
from August 13, 1957 in which to complete their contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager advised the Commission that the Salvation Army has in-
dicated they are interested in either leasing or buying property owned
by the City at the intersection of North "A" Street and Bonanza Road,
just north of the Bonanza Road underpass.

Mr. Kennedy explained that at the present time the City owns portions
of Blocks 2 and 33 in the Original Las Vegas Townsite, which is inter-
sected by North "A" Street said street which deadends at the underpass.

The City Manager suggested that this portion of North "A" Street be
vacated, and presented a petition for said vacation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the petition
for vacation of a portion of North "A" Street, and this petition be
referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
Mayor Baker

CITY HALL REMODELING
Change Order
Approved

GENERAL FUND
BALANCE

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Request for Extension
of Time

PROPOSED VACATION

OF NORTH "A" ST.


The City Manager reported that in 1956 the City had received a quitclaim
deed from Mrs. Ada Weber for the dedication of Bracken Avenue, and Mrs.
Weber has received a notice from the Assessor requesting payment of taxes
on this property. Mr. Kennedy explained that Mrs. Weber has asked that
the City take care of the tax on this property since she deeded the same
to the City without cost.

Discussion was held and the City Manager was instructed to advise the
Clark County Assessor that this property belongs to the City, and the
City is exempt from taxes.

Mr. Kennedy presented a purchase requisition to Douglas Oil Company for
80 tons of S-C-4 Road Oil Mix for the proposed improvement of East Bon-
anza Road to North 25th Street. The City Manager explained that this
improvement was scheduled for the near future, and recommended approval
of this requisition in the total amount of $3,040.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8857 to Douglas
Oil Company for 80 tons of S-C-4 Road Oil Mix in the total amount of
$3,040.00 be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the appointment of H. E. DeVilliers to the
Electrical Examining Board. The City Manager advised the Commission
that Mr. DeVilliers regrets that he is unable to accept the appointment.

Commissioner Sharp moved the appointment of H. E. DeVilliers as the lay
member of the Electrical Examiners Board be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that the Cash Assessment District for the paving
of Bracken Avenue between 6th and 7th Streets be abandoned. The City
Manager explained that all of the property owners would not agree to
make this assessment, and therefore the improvement cannot be installed.

Mr. Kennedy further requested that the deposit of Mr. Carl Huffey on
this assessment district in the amount of $540.07 be returned.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Cash Assessment District for the paving
of Bracken between 6th and 7th Streets be abandoned, and the Comptroller
and Treasurer authorized to issue a warrant refunding the deposit of Mr.
Carl Huffey in the amount of $540.07.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Dave Boyer and Z. D. Lowman be reappointed
as members of the Solicitations Review Board, said terms to expire in
December of 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. D. D. Smalley be appointed as a member
of the Board of Electrical Examiners, representing the electrical utility
company and replacing Mr. Jack Prenderville who has resigned, for the un-
expired term ending January, 1958.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the recommendation from the Engineering Depart-
ment that the bid for the installation of paving on East Bonanza Road be-
tween 13th and 14th Streets opened earlier in this meeting, be awarded to
Wells Cargo Inc., the low bidder in the total amount of $1066.40.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the bid for paving of Bonanza between
13th and 14th be awarded to Wells-Cargo, Inc. in the total amount of
$1066.40, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

BRACKEN AVENUE
RIGHT-OF-WAY
Tax Payment -
Ada Weber

PURCHASE OF ROAD
OIL MIX
Bonanza Road

ELECTRICAL EXAMINING
BOARD

Resignation



BRACKEN AVENUE
Assessment District
Abandoned

SOLICITATIONS REVIEW
BOARD

Reappointments

ELECTRICAL EXAMINING
BOARD

Appointment



PAVING OF BONANZA
13th to 14th

Bid Awarded
Mr. Robert Wells, manager of the Laing-Garrett Company appeared be-
fore the Commission at this time to protest the requirement of a
general mercantile license in addition to his Plumbing Contracting
license. Mr. Wells explained that he is presently wholesaling to
established retailers and local contractors, and he felt that it
was unfair for him to have to pay a license based on his gross
volume of business, since he was wholesaling this merchandise.

Discussion was held in this regard and Mr. Wells was informed that
the Commission would determine the number of other businesses in
town in the same capacity before they would take any further action
on this matter.

The meeting recessed at the hour of 8:40 P.M. Commissioner Fountain
was excused from the remainder of the meeting due to illness in his
family.

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:00 P.M. in the Mayor's Office
with the newly appointed members of the Youth Advisory Council. Those pre-
sent at this meeting were as follows:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Youth Advisory Council Members:

Mrs. Wendell Bunker
Mrs. Harvey Dondero
Mrs. Hank Greenspun
Mrs. Robert L. Gresham
	Mr. Fred Gillies

Dr. Charles I. West

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Mayor Baker introduced the members of the Youth Advisory Council and ad-
vised those present that Mr. Keith Ashworth would be here later in the
evening, and the other member of this new council, Mr. John Conway, was
out of town and would not be able to be present at this time. His Honor
also stated that Superintendent of Recreation, Bruce Trent was on vaca-
tion and was therefore unable to attend.

The Mayor expressed the appreciation of the Commission to the members of
the Council for their acceptance of appointment, and explained that it
was the feeling of the City that much can be accomplished by this group.
Mayor Baker said that it should be understood that this was not just an
honorary appointment and that lots of time and effort would have to be
spent going over the City's present recreational program, studying the
various phases of it in order to determine if sufficient facilities are
being provided, if they could be utilized more efficiently and if there
is need for additional emphasis on other forms of recreation. The Mayor
stressed the fact that recreation should be provided for the interests
of the majority of young people and that the City is reluctant to offer
those programs that only benefit a few and exclude the majority. He
also reminded the group that their's is a recommending board and that
specific action, especially wherein there is an expenditure of money,
would have to be taken by the Board of Commissioners. Mayor Baker as-
sured the members of the Youth Advisory Council that the Commission as
wells as the Department Heads and employees of the City, are most an-
xious to cooperate in anyway possible and any information or assistance
that they require is here for the asking.

His Honor suggested that perhaps there are a number of sources of ad-
ditional financial assistance that is available if this group can or-
ganize, plan recreational programs and convince local service organiza-
tions and individuals that their donations are being used wisely.

The Mayor suggested that the group first of all organize, possibly elect
a chairman or temporary chairman, secretary and also determine the length
of the terms of the members of this Council. Mayor Baker further sug-
gested that these terms of office be staggered, possibly two for one year,
two for two years, two for three years, and two for four years, so that
there will always be experienced members on the Council.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he was very pleased with the selection of
the members of this Council, and felt confident that a lot of good would
be accomplished. He advised that there was a lot to be done, but he felt
confident that the Superintendent of Recreation Bruce Trent was very cap-
able and would cooperate with the group in any manner possible. Mr. Bunker
stated that he was certain the Commission was willing to give the group
a great deal of latitude, and suggested that they should familiarize them-
selves with the present recreational facilities first of all. He explained

BUSINESS LICENSE
Protest

YOUTH ADVISORY
COUNCIL
that he felt that Las Vegas has the opportunity to accomplish a great
deal with this program that will undoubtedly be followed by other cities.

Commissioner Sharp said that he would like to reiterate all that had been
said by the Mayor and Commissioner Bunker, and that he hoped that the
group would feel free to call on him at any time for assistance.

The Commission pointed out that the Youth Advisory Council would un-
doubtedly like to meet with the Juvenile officers of the City, the
Chief of Police, the Director of Public Safety and other employees that
could supply them with information and explain various problems that
arise. The Council was advised that the City Manager could arrange for
these people to meet with the Council whenever they desired.

Commissioner Bunker expressed that thought that perhaps the recent Youth
Forum conducted by the Las Vegas Sun would be of help along with the re-
port from the American Municipal Association on "How Cities Control Juv-
enile Delinquency", in setting up objectives of the Youth Advisory Council.

It was also brought out that the City is working along with the School
system in an attempt to install park facilities adjacent to schools,
so that during the vacation periods, these same facilities can be utilized
by the Recreation Department. It was pointed out that Commissioner Sharp
had been working closely with the School in this regard, and could supply
any additional information the Youth Advisory Council might need.

Thereafter the Board of Commissioners left this meeting to give the Youth
Advisory Council an opportunity to commence their organization.

The Board of Commissioners reconvened at the hour of 9:20 P.M. in the
Council Chambers of the City Hall, with all members present except City
Manager Kennedy, City Attorney Cannon and Commissioner Fountain.

At this time the Commission considered reports that alcoholic beverages
are reportedly being served at two package liquor stores, where such sale
is prohibited by ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Lester Goldring owner of The Pub, 1216
South Main Street and M. C. Britton owner of the Western Liquor Store,

6 E. Charleston be notified to appear at the next regular meeting on
September 4, 1957 to show cause why their package liquor licenses should
not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Fountain and Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be requested to prepare a re-
solution commemorating L. B. "Tutor" Scherer for the contributions he made
to the City of Las Vegas, said resolution to be presented at the next re-
gular meeting of the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Fountain and Whipple.

Discussion was held on drainage problems of the City which were emphasized
by the excessive rainfall this week. The Commission indicated that de-
finite steps should be taken to alleviate this situation and it was sug-
gested that the State and Federal officials be contacted to discuss the
matter.

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of
9:45 P.M. Commissioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Fountain and Whipple

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Mayor 

LIQUOR LICENSEES
Cited to Show Cause
on License
Revocation

RESOLUTION -
Commemoration
L. B.,Scherer

STORM DRAIN
FACILITIES
Las Vegas, Nevada
August 27, 1957

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING



TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby called to be held in the Council Chambers
of the City Hall, on the 27th day of August, 1957, at the hour of
4:00 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	City Jail Addition

2.	Letter to Palm Mortuary

3.	Color for City Hall

4.	Publication on Huntridge Fire Station

5.	Letter from Franklin Bills

6.	Discussion - Headman, Ferguson & Carollo payment.

_______C. D. Baker____________

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS

P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A. H. KENNEDY, City
Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W.

CANNON, City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a
call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held in the
Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 27th day
of August, 1957, at the hour of 4:00 P.M. to consider the following
matters:

1.	City Jail Addition

2.	Letter to Palm Mortuary

3.	Color for City Hall

4.	Publication on Huntridge Fire Station

5.	Letter from Franklin Bills

6.	Discussion - Headman, Ferguson & Carollo payment

Golda S. Allen______________

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE	Deputy City Clerk

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administra-
tive Assistant and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby ad-
mit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting:

____C. D. Baker_______________ ___________Wendell Bunker______________

Harris P. Sharp___________ ___________Howard W. Cannon____________

E. W. Fountain____________ ___________A. H. Kennedy_______________

Reed Whipple______________ ___________R. F. Boos__________________

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 27th day of August, 1957, was called to order at the
hour of 4:00 P.M., by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C. D. baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney    Ralston O. Hawkins
Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Chief of Police	R. K. Sheffer

Asst. Chief of Police George W. Allen, Jr.

Deputy City Clerk	Golda S. Allen

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Others Present:

Architect	Harry H. Whiteley

Contractor	Ben O. Davey

	Engineers	Anderson & Smith

8-27-57
This being the time heretofore set for the discussion of the construction
of the additions to the City Jail and its acceptance by the City of Las
Vegas, City Manager Kennedy opened the discussion. Mr. Kennedy called
the attention of the Board to the fact that the second story on the Jail
had been removed from the plans due to the fact that funds were not suf-
ficient to include the second story at the time the construction was
started. Approximately three weeks ago an inspection had been made.

A small portion of the roof had been put on using gyp in the roofing in-
stallation material. While this was not according to specifications a
check was made and it is equal to the specifications and as this was only
a small portion of the new booking room it presented no problem in accept-
ance.

There were two situations which had to be corrected. Number one, the
light fixtures within the Jail. This correction was in the placing of
the fixtures. Number two, during the rain there had been several leaks
in the roof.

The contractor had filed his Notice of Lien and Completion and the con-
tractor and architect were both present at this time. Mr. Whitely was
asked if he was ready to accept the building and he said, "Not with
these conditions as they are, no".

At this time, 4:14 P.M., City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the
meeting.

After considerable discussion Mayor Baker pointed out that the City had
entered into an Architectural Contract under which plans and specifica-
tions were drawn and a contract for construction awarded; that the con-
tract was awarded to a reputable contractor whose past work in the com-
munity was good; that both the architect and contractor are citizens
and taxpayers interested in seeing that the City gets a satisfactory job.
Under the architectural contract it is the responsibility of the archi-
tect that the construction is completed according to plans and specifi-
cations approved by the City to the satisfaction of the City. The build-
ing has not been completed satisfactorily and the time when the City
should have occupied the Jail and the Court Room is long past due. Mayor
Baker expressed the opinion that the Architect and Contractor are the
ones paid to do the job and that any inspection by the City Commission,
Police Department or Engineering Department is merely to observe and
protect the City's interest and that the basic responsibility for getting
the job done is that of the architect, as the agent of the City. His
Honor further stated that he expected Mr. Whitely, the architect, and
Mr. Davey, the contractor, to get together and work out the deficiencies
immediately and make whatever corrections are necessary and that the
Board would expect a report from Mr. Whitely at their next regular meet-
ing of Wednesday, September 4, 1957.

At this time discussion was held as to the color desired for painting the
City Hall, City Manager Kennedy stated that the new building in back
called for a paint job and they would need to know what color the Com-
mission wants the new building painted, so that the rest of the building
could be painted to match. After a short discussion it was agreed upon
by the Commission to continue to use the State colors of blue and white.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins reported that he had just returned
from a Water District meeting, the purpose of which was to consider the
request of Henderson for a special water rate. He pointed out that he had
presented a letter from the City, signed by Mayor Baker, essentially sup-
porting the position taken by the Water District as evidenced by the study
made and furnished by the Water District Engineers as outlined in the
Water District meeting of May 14, 1957. Mr. Hawkins pointed out that
there had been three or four different interpretations placed on the
letter at the Water District meeting and that the letter was protested
by Mayor Byrnes, who indicated that no consideration should be given the
letter because no members of the City of Las Vegas were there. He further
pointed out that no action was taken at the meeting and that the decision
on the Henderson case would undoubtedly be made at a later date.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that publication of the Zone change
to C-2 on the Huntridge Fire Station would go out tomorrow and asked if
the Commission had any objection to also running a box ad to the effect
that the Board of City Commissioners would accept proposals for outright
purchase or lease of the property for not less than ten (10) years.

The Board was in accord with the suggestion and His Honor requested that
the records show approval of placing an ad in the newspapers regarding
sale or lease of the Huntridge Fire Station.

City Manager Kennedy presented a letter to be sent to Palm Mortuary re-
garding their request to purchase land at the Cemetery on which they in-
tend to erect a mausoleum, the letter in essence stating that the City
was not in a position to grant their request and that the only alterna-
tive would be to sell the Cemetery completely. No objection was expressed
in regard to the letter.

Commissioner Whipple asked if Palm Mortuary had <ever paid the fees owed

CITY JAIL ADDITION

COLOR FOR CITY HALL

WATER DISTRICT
MEETING
Rates for
Henderson

HUNTRIDGE FIRE
STATION

Publications



PALM MORTUARY
Purchase of
Property
the City. Mr. Kennedy pointed out that there had been one or two
partial payments made but there was still a balance of approximately
$3,600.00, which the present owners of Palm Mortuary claimed was the
responsibility of the previous owners of Palm Mortuary. After some
discussion it was decided that immediate action should be taken to
collect the monies owing from Palm Mortuary and that the matter
should be referred to the City Attorney.

Mr. Kennedy presented a letter from Planning Director Franklin Bills
to the effect that the House and Home Finance Agency wanted him to
act as Co-ordinator of Urban Renewal, for which they will pay him
$150.00 per month during the time the Urban Renewal Program is in
progress. Mr. Kennedy pointed out that this would last only during
the Urban Redevelopment Program and the $150.00 per month would be
paid out of Urban Redevelopment monies made available by the Federal
Government and recommended that Mr. Bills be authorized to accept
the appointment as Co-ordinator of Urban Redevelopment, effective
September 1, 1957.

At this point the City Attorney advised that it should be made clear
that Mr. Bills would be required to perform duties outside of his
regular duties. The Board of Commissioners directed that the City
Attorney prepare a motion approving the above, said motion to be
presented at the next regular meeting of the Board.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Headman, Ferguson and Carollo,
Consulting Engineers on the New Sewage Treatment Plant, for final
payment in the amount of $29,915.16 for supervision of construction
of the Sewage Treatment Plant representing 90 percent (90%) of their
fee for supervision. The additional ten percent (10%), or $3,323.91
will be due when the Contractor has completed his work at the sewage
plant. This is based on the fact that the plant is 97% complete and
they feel they should not be penalized for the plants not being com-
plete by reason of the inability of Lembke, Clough & King to have
placed filter rock according to original schedule.

It was pointed out that now it would probably be two or three months
before the job will be finished and that Headman, Ferguson and
Carollo have no intention of billing the City any additional money
for supervision during the period of the extension of contract granted
to Lembke, Clough & King.

Mayor Baker suggested there be something in writing to relieve the City
of payment for supervision by Headman, Ferguson and Carollo during the
period of extension granted to Lembke, Clough & King. Mr. Kennedy
then suggested, and the Board concurred, that Mr. Carollo and the City
Attorney get together to draft a letter or agreement regarding the
above to the satisfaction of the City Attorney.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Fountain moved that the meeting be adjourned at the hour
of 5:25 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Deputy City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 4, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 4th day of September, 1957 was called to
order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

FRANKLIN BILLS
Letter

SEWER PLANT
CONTRACT
Consulting
Engineers
City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Commissioner Fountain moved the proposed ordinance on Collection Agencies
be removed from the agenda until such time as the parties interested in
the ordinance are able to get together on the matter and bring it before
the Commission again.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mayor Baker requested the Clerk to read the resolution commemorating L. B."Tutor"
Scherer, which is as follows:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, L. B. "Tutor" Scherer has recently become deceased, and

WHEREAS, the said L. B. Scherer was one of the pioneers in the de-
velopment and promotion of downtown Las Vegas into its present resort
status, and

WHEREAS, the said L. B. Scherer has contributed much of his money
and efforts toward the promotion and welfare of the downtown area of
the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved that the Board of City Commissioners
do express their appreciation for the efforts and do acknowledge by this
resolution a debt of gratitude to the said Tutor Scherer, and we do
hereby extend our thanks and appreciation and our deepest sympathy at
this time unto the family of the said Tutor Scherer.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of August 21, 1957 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 13345
through 13484 in the total amount of $70,701.72 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 12761 through 13310
in the net amount of $76,241.36 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the Claim for Damage filed by Alyce A. Kehrt,
claiming injury received in a fall on the sidewalk at South 5th Street and
Baltimore Avenue on August 10, 1957, in the amount of $150.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Alyce A. Kehrt for damages in
the amount of $150.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of J. Kell Houssels, Sr. for
15% interest in the Las Vegas Club and the application of W. W. Naylor
for 5% interest in this club. City Manager Kennedy reported that investi-
gations had been conducted previously on both these applicants and it was
recommended that the applications be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the applications of J. Kell Houssels, Sr. for
15% interest and W. W. Naylor for 5% interest in the gaming and liquor
licenses of the Las Vegas Club, 18 Fremont, be approved.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies
Unfavorable Report

RESOLUTION -
L. B. Scherer

MINUTES



SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS



PAYROLL WARRANTS

CLAIM FOR DAMAGE
Alyce A. Kehrt

GAMING & LIQUOR
LICENSES

Addn of Partners

Las Vegas Club
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Board considered the application of J. J. Parker for a slot machine
operators license&for one pinball machine with a cash payout chute at
the Dog House Bar, 123A South 2nd Street. The City Manager advised the
Commission that the police investigation was favorable and that Mr.

Parker was installing pinball machines with cash payout chutes.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of J. J. Parker for a slot mach-
ine operators license for one pinball machine with a cash payout chute
at the Dog House Bar, 123A South 2nd Street be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported the police investigation on Gustave W. Hahn
for a Restaurant Beverage license at Desert Snack Bar, 222 North Main
Street, formerly issued to Linn Faye Wilson, was favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Gustave W. Hahn for a
Restaurant Beverage license at the Desert Snack Bar, 222 North Main
Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy also reported that there was a favorable police investigation
on Albert J. Pokol who is applying for addition to the tavern liquor lic-
ense of the Dog House Bar, 123A South 2nd Street. The City Manager ad-
vised the Commission that this license is presently held by John R. Me
Corkle.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Albert J. Pokol for addi-
tion to the tavern liquor license of the Dog House Bar, 123A South 2nd
Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for additional lic-
enses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the licenses:

THE WESTERNER	H. O. Pepple	23 Fremont	1	slot

LOUISIANA CLUB	Z. Louie	601 Jackson	8	slots

OLD BOULDER CLUB	By: J.L. Young	118 Fremont	1	Bridge

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for the
retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

NICK'S 5TH STREET DRUG	129 South 5th	Valley Lee Vending

RANCH INN MOTEL	712 North 5th	Valley Lee Vending

JACK MARION'S SHELL SERVICE 1021 E. Charleston Jack Marion

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for Mr. Lester Goldring to appear be-
fore the Board to show cause why his package liquor and beer bar licenses
for The Pub, 1216 South Main Street should not be revoked for the sale
of alcohol other than beer for consumption on the premises, Mr. Goldring
and his attorney, Mr. Murray Posin were present.

Mayor Baker advised Mr. Goldring that it was reported that he has sold
miniatures for consumption on the premises, which is in violation of the
ordinances, and asked Mr. Goldring what he intended to do about this.

Mr. Goldring stated that there will not be a recurrence of this incident
since he has eliminated the sale of miniatures in his place of business.

He said that he was very sorry that it had happened.

Commissioner Sharp stated that when Mr. Goldring was granted this license
he was advised to contact the Police Department to find out the rules

GAMING APPLICATION

J. J. Parker

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner

Desert Snack Bar



LIQUOR LICENSE
Add'n of Partner

Dog House Bar

GAMING LICENSES
Additional

CIGARETTE LICENSES

SHOW CAUSE HEARING
The Pub

Licenses Suspended
and regulations in this type of business, and to abide by them. Mr.

Sharp also said that he personally had advised Mr. Goldring that if
there were any violations of the ordinance he personally would be in
favor of revoking his license.

Commissioner Whipple moved the package liquor and beer bar licenses
for Lester Goldring at The Pub, 1216 South Main Street be suspended
for a period of thirty (30) days commencing immediately, and at the
end of this time that Mr. Goldring appear before the Commission for
final disposition of this matter.

Mr. Murray Posin asked for leniency in this regard and explained that
this was Mr. Goldring's only means of livelihood.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple voting aye;

Mayor Baker stated he thought the penalty was a little strict and
was voting no.

This being the time heretofore set for Mr. M. C. Britton to appear before
the Board to show cause why his package liquor and beer bar licenses for
the Western Liquor Store, 6 East Charleston should not be revoked for the
sale of alcohol other than beer, for consumption on the premises, Mr.
Britton was present.

Mayor Baker told Mr. Britton that he would tell him the same thing that
Mr. Goldring had been told, that the Commission is taking steps to dis-
continue the sale of miniatures in package liquor stores to be consumed
on the premises. His Honor advised Mr. Britton that the Police Depart-
ment has plenty to do without policing these businesses for violations
of the ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker moved the package liquor and beer bar license of the
Western Liquor Store, 6 East Charleston be suspended for a period of thirty
(30) days, commencing immediately, and that Mr. Britton appear before the
Commission at the end of this time for final action on the matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a clerk in the Sunset
Liquor Store, 1027 South Main Street had been arrested for sale of cig-
arettes to minors, permitting minors to loiter on the premises and not
registering with the Police Department as required by ordinance. The
City Manager recommended that the owner of this liquor store be noti-
fied to appear before the Board to show cause why his license should not
be revoked.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Keith S. Richards owner of the Sunset
Liquor Store be notified to appear before the Board of Commissioners on
September 18, 1957 to show cause why his package liquor and beer bar lic-
enses should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At the hour of 7:50 P.M. Mayor Baker left the meeting, and Mayor Pro Tem
Whipple took the chair.

The Commission considered the application of Lois W. Hinman for a use per-
mit to operate a day nursery school for nine (9) children at 700 South
10th Street (Lots 31 and 32, Block 21, Wardie Addition), in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised the Board that the Board of Adjustment had
approved this application subject to conformance with the Uniform Building
Code requirements concerning Group D, Division 2 Occupancy, the signing
of an agreement and filing of a bond for the off-site improvements. Mr.
Bills stated that the agreement had been signed and a cashier's check
had been submitted as the bond.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was any one present who wished to
speak on this matter.

The following people appeared and protested the granting of this Use Permit:

Mr.	Marion B. Earl	624	South	9th

Mr.	Joseph Thiriot	621	South	9th

Mr.	A. M. Sander	707	South	10th

Mr.	E. G. Mayne	701	South	9th

Mr.	E. F. Nelson	707	South	9th

Mrs. George Crone	630 South 10th

Mrs. A. M. Sander	707 South 10th

SHOW CAUSE HEARING
Western Liquor Store
License Suspended



LIQUOR LICENSE -
Sunset Liquor Store
Cited to Show Cause
on License Revocation

USE PERMIT - U-12-57
Lois Hinman
Denied
Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Lois W. Hinman for a
Use Permit to operate a day nursery school for nine (9) children at
700 South 10th Street be denied, and authorization granted for the
return of Miss Hinman's cash bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro

Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of the Evangelical Lutheran
Church for a Use Permit to construct a church at 800 North Bruce Street
which is located between Harris and Washington Avenues in an R-1 zone.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission the Board of Adjustment
had recommended approval of this application subject to compliance with
the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer, the paving of off-
street parking area, signing of an agreement and filing of a bond for
off-site improvements. Mr. Bills stated that the agreement has been
signed, the bond has not yet been posted, however, a telegram has been
received late this afternoon from Los Angeles advising that steps are
being taken to secure the bond which will be forthcoming shortly.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Evangelical Lutheran
Church for a Use Permit be approved, subject to the conditions set
forth by the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada at a regular meeting held on the 4th day of September,

1957 having considered the application of the Evangelical Lutheran
Church for a Use Permit to construct a church at 800 North Bruce
Street, between Harris and Washington Avenues in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment that this application be approved subject to compliance
with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer, the paving
of off-street parking area, signing of an agreement and filing of a
bond and being advised the agreement is signed and a telegram received
late this afternoon from Los Angeles advising that steps are being taken
to secure said bond which will be forthcoming shortly;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the applica-
tion of the Evangelical Lutheran Church for a Use Permit to construct
a church at 800 North Bruce Street, between Harris and Washington Ave-
nues be approved, subject to the conditions as set forth by the Board
of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Board considered the application of the B. P. O. Elks for a use permit
to construct a service station on the Northeast corner of Bonanza and
5th Street, in a C-1 zone. Mr. Bills advised the Commission that the
station was actually to be constructed by Standard Oil Company of Calif-
ornia, and the application had been approved by the Board of Adjustment
subject to compliance with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic En-
gineer, signing of an agreement and posting of a bond for off-site im-
provements. The Planning Director further advised the agreement has
been signed and the bond posted this afternoon, but the City Attorney
has not had an opportunity to check the bond.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the B. P. 0. Elks for
a use permit be approved subject to compliance with the conditions
of the Board of Adjustment and subject to approval of the Bond by
the City Attorney, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada at a regular meeting held the 4th day of September, 1957
having considered the application of the B. P. O. Elks for a use per-
mit to construct a service station on the Northeast corner of Bonanza
and 5th Street, in a C-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment that this application be approved subject to compliance
with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer, signing of an
agreement and the posting of a bond for off-site improvements which
are on file but no opportunity by the City Attorney to check said
bond;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the applica-
tion of the B. P. 0. Elks for a use permit to construct a service sta-
tion on the Northeast corner of Bonanza and 5th Street be approved,
subject to the conditions as set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

USE PERMIT - U-13-57
Evangelical Lutheran
Church
Approved

USE PERMIT - U-14-57
B. P. O. Elks
Approved
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The request of the First Good Shepherd Lutheran Church for renewal of
the variance granted them on March 7, 1956 to construct an addition to
an existing church at 301 Maryland Parkway was considered at this time.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that this request was
based on the fact that financial arrangements were not made within the
time allotted.

Mr. L. D. Burlingame, chairman of the Building Committee for the Church
was present at this time and advised the Commission they have received
their allotment and are ready to commence construction.

Commissioner Bunker moved the First Good Shepherd Lutheran Church be
granted a six months renewal to March 4, 1958 of their variance to
construct an addition to their church at 301 Maryland Parkway.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp passed his

vote stating that he has been working with Mr. Burlingame on this project.

The Commission considered the request of Mission Linen Supply Company for
a six months extension of time on the variance granted the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter Day Saints to construct a commercial laundry and linen
supply service on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and Bruce Streets,
granted December 5, 1956. It was indicated in the written request that
the architectural plans have been completed and are being checked by the
Building Department.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved a six months extension of time until March 4,

1958 on the variance granted the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints for the construction of a commercial laundry and Linen supply
service on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and Bruce Streets by Mis-
sion Linen Supply, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

A resolution entitled: "RESOLUTION ACCEPTING AN OFFER OF THE UNITED
STATES TO MAKE AN ADVANCE OF FEDERAL FUNDS TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
TO AID IN FINANCING THE COST OF A CERTAIN SURVEY, DESIGNATED SURVEY
PROJECT NO. NEV. R-l(S) was introduced by Commissioner Bunker. Said
Resolution was then read in full and discussed and considered.

WHEREAS, under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended and
supplemented, the United States of America (herein called the "Government")
has tendered to the City of Las Vegas (herein called the "Local Public
Agency") an offer, hereinafter mentioned, to make an Advance of Federal
Funds to the Local Public Agency to aid in financing a certain survey,
designated Survey Project No. Nev. R-l(S), in the urban area described
therein; and

WHEREAS, the Local Public Agency has given due consideration to
said offer.

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. The offer of the Government to the Local Public Agency,
dated August 23, 1957, designated "Contract for Survey of an Urban Area,"
Contract No. Nev. R-l(S) (A), consisting of Parts I and II, under and
subject to the provisions, terms, and conditions of which the Government
would make an Advance of Federal funds to the Local Public Agency to aid
in financing the cost of a certain survey to determine whether the under-
taking, in the Urban Area, of one or more urban renewal projects may be
feasible, designated Project No. Nev. R-l(S), situated in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, is hereby in all respects accepted.

Section 2. The Mayor and the City Clerk are hereby authorized and
directed to sign and countersign, respectively, the duplicate originals
of the Government's offer.

Section 3. The Local Public Agency agrees to abide by all of the
provisions, terms, and conditions of said offer.

VARIANCE -	V-4-56

First Good Shepherd
Lutheran Church

Renewal of Variance



VARIANCE - V-21-56
Mission Linen Supply

Extension of Time

URBAN RENEWAL
Resolution
Offer of Funds
for Survey
Nev. R-l(s)
Section 4. The City Clerk of the Local Public Agency is hereby
authorized and directed forthwith to send to the Housing and Home
Finance Agency two certified copies of the proceedings of the Local
Public Agency in connection with the adoption of this Resolution,
together with two certified copies of this Resolution, and such fur-
ther documents or proofs in connection with the acceptance of said
offer as may be requested by the Government.

Section 5. The Coordinator of Urban Renewal is hereby author-
ized to file requisitions, together with necessary supporting docu-
ments, with the Government, from time to time as Advance funds are
required, requesting payments to be made to the Local Public Agency
on account of the Advance provided for in said offer, and to do and
perform all other things and acts required to be done or performed
in order to obtain such payments.

Section 6. This Resolution shall take effect immediately.

Commissioner Bunker then moved the adoption of the Resolution as in-
troduced and read. Commissioner Sharp seconded the motion, and, on
roll call the following voted "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,

Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple; and the following voted
"Nay":	None. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Mayor Pro Tem thereupon declared the motion carried and the Re-
solution adopted as introduced and read.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Director of Planning Franklin Bills be
appointed as Coordinator of Urban Renewal and authorized to perform
those duties designated in Section 5 of the foregoing resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission the deficiencies in McNeil
Park Subdivision have been completed, and recommended the subdivision be
accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Bunker moved that McNeil Park Subdivision be accepted and the
bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the acceptance and release of bond on the
Plunkett Industrial Tract. Field Engineer Hansen reported the flood
lights in lieu of a street light as approved by the Commission on July
17, 1957, has been installed and inspected, and recommended this sub-
division be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Plunkett Industrial Tract be accepted
and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the acceptance of the Additions and Alterations
to the City Jail. Field Engineer Hansen reported that the construction
has been completed, the deficiencies that existed have been worked on,
and the Engineering Department has a letter from Architect Harry H.

Whitely recommending that the building be accepted. Mr. Hansen also re-
quested that final payment to the contractor, Ben O. Davey in the amount
of $10,582.88 be authorized. It was further recommended that the per-
formance bond on this project not be released for a period of one year.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that legally the City could
retain the performance bond. He stated that the contract does provide
a guaranty period conditioned on faithful performance during the period
of guarantee, which would remain in force and effect during the full
guarantee period for one year; with the exception of the roof construc-
tion which guarantee period is two years.

Mr. Cannon further advised that the Contractor could file a bond of a
lesser amount if he so desired.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation to accept the construction
of the Additions and Alterations to the City Jail be approved and that
final payment to Ben O. Davey in the amount of $10,582.88 be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

URBAN RENEWAL
Coordinator

MC NEIL PARK -
Acceptance & Bond
Release

PLUNKETT INDUSTRIAL
TRACT

Acceptance & Bond
Release

CITY JAIL ALTERATIONS
& ADDITIONS
Acceptance
Works Engineer Uehling presented for consideration the improvement agree-
ment of Max Howard for installation of sewer, water, street lighting,
curb, gutter, sidewalk and paving on unsubdivided property at the South-
east corner of 8th and Oakey. Mr. Uehling advised the Commission that
Mr. Howard is requesting that the improvements be covered by funds placed
in escrow, in lieu of a performance bond, and stated that agreements with
contractors have been submitted in the total amount of $8,712.50.

The City Attorney advised the Commission that if the request to waive
the performance bond is allowed that a precedent is being set since all
subdividers are required to file a bond. Mr. Cannon further advised that
the performance bond insures the installation of the improvements and the
money in escrow merely takes care of the individual's agreement with the
contractors.

Mr. Howard appeared at this time and stated that he was attempting to cut
down on expenses and requested that the bond requirement be waived.

Commissioner Bunker moved the off-site improvement agreement with Max
Howard on unsubdivided property at the Southeast corner of 8th and Oakey
be approved subject to the posting of a performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Uehling requested that the Annual Bid Bond of $1,000 posted by Super-
ior Tire, Inc. in connection with their bid for the contract to supply
tires and tubes to the City be released. Mr. Uehling advised the Commis-
sion that a $500.00 performance bond has been filed by this firm to cover
the 1956-57 contract.

Commissioner Fountain moved the $1000 Annual Bid Bond of Superior Tire,

Inc. be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Works Engineer Uehling presented a quitclaim deed from G. H. and Lucy C.
Fuller, William P. Pinnell, Mabel C. and Ralph T. Clarkson, and Ida L.
Ambrose for the extension of Desert Lane from Ellis Avenue northerly 275
feet. Mr. Uehling advised that this deed completes the Desert Lane right-
of-way from Ellis Avenue to Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed, dated the 22nd day of August, 1957, executed by G. H.

Fuller and Lucy C. Fuller; William P. Pinnell; Mabel C. Clarkson and
Ralph T. Clarkson; and Ida L. Ambrose to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time Mr. George Harmon who was granted a variance on July 3, 1957
to build within the required rear yard to within twelve feet at 110 East
Bonanza Road, was present in regard to a stop order on this work that had
been placed by the City because the construction was not proceeding accord-
ing to the original plan.

After considerable discussion it was made clear to Mr. Harmon that he must
proceed according to the plans on file in the Building Department.

City Manager Kennedy presented two proposals for insurance appraisal of
City property. Mr. Kennedy stated that the proposal of the General Ap-
praisal Company in the amount of $4,350.00 is a full form detailed ap-
praisal and provides a bound volume report including the field notes;
the proposal of Tait Appraisal Company is in two parts. No. 1 in the
amount of $3,500.00 includes the detailed figures and No. 2 in the
amount of $2,840.00 is a full report without the detailed figures.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that in Proposal No. 2 of the Tait
Appraisal Company the notes are kept on file in their office and are
available to the City at any time for a period of ten years. The City
Manager further advised that the chairman of the insurance committee
for the City, Charles Lee Horsey, Jr., had been contacted regarding
Proposal No. 2 which met with his approval and that the School Board
who have employed Tait Appraisal Company were contacted and advised

OFF-SITE IMPROVEMENT
AGREEMENT
Max Howard

BID BOND RELEASE
Superior Tire, Inc.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Desert Lane

VARIANCE - V-7-57
George Harmon

INSURANCE APPRAISAL
PROPOSALS
that their work for the School Board was very satisfactory.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that Proposal No. 2 of the Tait Appraisal Company
be accepted. It was noted that "time payment" provision was not specified
in Proposal #2, and stated that inasmuch as Proposal #1 set forth time
payment of 50% of the fee payable on completion of the field work and the
balance on presentation of the work, it was decided that a letter of ap-
proval of this method of payment should be obtained prior to the Mayor
and Clerk signing the proposal.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Tait Ap-
praisal Company be authorized to conduct an insurance appraisal of the
City property at a total cost of $2,840.00 and the Mayor and Clerk auth-
orized to sign the proposal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager requested permission to sell approximately seven pieces
of surplus motor equipment at public auction on September 20, 1957.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to advertise
for sale of approximately seven pieces of surplus motor equipment at
public auction on September 20, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a request has been re-
ceived from Lembke, Clough and King, contractor for the construction of
the new Sewage Treatment Plant for an additional extension of time. Mr.
Kennedy stated that this request has been checked by the Consulting En-
gineer, Headman, Ferguson and Carollo, and they have verified the
fact that some of the filtering equipment has not been delivered, but that
delivery will be made this first week of September. The City Manager re-
minded the Board that the contractor has previously received an extension
of time until September 13, 1957, and it is the recommendation of the Con-
sulting Engineers that an additional thirty (30) days will be ample time
to complete the construction.

Discussion was held on whether or not additional fees would have to be
paid the Consulting Engineers if an extension was granted, and Mr.

Kennedy advised the Commission that Headman, Ferguson and Carollo had
agreed to continue in this capacity without additional expense to the
City for an additional thirty (30) days. However, if there is an exten-
sion past this time, the Consulting Engineers will have to be paid.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Lembke, Clough and King be granted an ex-
tension of time for completion of the new Sewage Treatment Plant until
October 13, 1957; further, that they be notified that if they require
additional time for completion of this project they will be required to
pay the cost for the services of the Consulting Engineers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro

Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request of Headman, Ferguson and Carollo,
Consulting Engineers on the New Sewage Treatment Plant, for final pay-
ment in the amount of $29,915.16 for supervision of construction of the
Sewage Treatment Plant representing 90 percent (90%) of their fee for
supervision. The additional ten percent (10%), or $3,323.91 will be
due when the contractor has completed his work at the sewage plant. This
is based on the fact that the plant is 97% complete and they feel they
should not be penalized for the plant's not being complete by reason of
the inability of Lembke, Clough and King to have placed filter rock
according to original schedule.

It was pointed out that now it would probably be two or three months
before the job will be finished and that Headman, Ferguson and Carollo
have no intention of billing the City any additional money for supervi-
sion during the period of the extension of contract granted to Lembke,
Clough and King.

The City Manager requested that this partial payment be authorized.

Commissioner Fountain moved that payment of $29,915.16 to Headman,

Ferguson and Carollo, Consulting Engineers for the new Sewage Treat-
ment Plant be approved and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to
issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SURPLUS MOTOR
EQUIPMENT

Sale Authorized

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Extension of Time

SEWER PLANT CONTRACT
City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of the Duncan Parking Meter
Company for replacement of the old meters the City has now on the streets.
Mr. Kennedy reported that some of our original meters are beyond repair
and the City is losing a great amount of revenue due to the fact that
the meters are not operating as they should. He advised the Commission
that the Duncan Parking Meter Company is willing to supply us with 600
meters at a cost of $67.50 each, and the City will be permitted to pay for
the equipment in three installments, the first payment being due in July
of 1958 and the remaining payments in January and July of 1959. The City
Manager stated that this method of payment without interest, would allow
the City to make provision for the cost in the next budget and recommended
that this proposal be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be granted to purchase
600 parking meters from the Duncan Parking Meter Company at a cost of
$67.50 each, subject to the conditions of their proposal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy requested permission to advertise for bids for the construction
of restrooms for Lions Club Park. The City Manager reported that the rough
plumbing has previously been installed, and it is estimated that this con-
struction will cost approximately $4,590.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that bids for the construction of the restrooms
for Lions Club Park be advertised, to be opened at the regular meeting
October 2, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the City Library for per-
mission to purchase index cabinets from Remington Rand, Inc. at a cost
of $1,401.25. Mr. Kennedy explained that this was a specialized type
of equipment and would fit in with the equipment they are presently us-
ing. Mr. Kennedy recommended this requisition be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8472 to Remington
Rand, Inc. in the total amount of $1,401.25 for index cabinets for the City
Library be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy reported that as Coordinator of Urban Renewal, Plann-
ing Director Bills will have additional duties to perform. He advised the
Commission that in this Redevelopment Program there is provision made for
payment to the Coordinator of $150.00 per month, said money to be derived
from funds advanced by the Federal Government, and recommended that Mr.
Bills' salary be increased $150.00 during this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation be accepted and Franklin Bills
be granted an increase in salary of $150.00 per month effective September
1, 1957, during the period he serves as Coordinator of Urban Renewal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Field Engineer Kenneth Hansen has
assumed additional work since the resignation of the Director of Public
Works, and recommended that Mr. Hansen be raised from Step 2 of Schedule
32 at $595.00 per month to Step 4 of Schedule 32 at $665.00 per month.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Field Engineer Kenneth Hansen be granted
an increase from Step 2 to Step 4 of Schedule 32 which is $665.00 per month,
effective September 1, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Pursuant to the request of the Commission at the last regular meeting on
August 18, 1957 that the number of business firms doing business as whole-
sale dealers be reported on, City Manager Kennedy presented the list com-
piled to the Board. Discussion was held and it was the determination of
the Commission that no change or amendment be made to the ordinance.

Mr. Kennedy reported that progress is being made in setting up the assess-
ment district for East Charleston Boulevard. The City Manager advised the
Commission that all property owners but one have signed a petition for im-
provement of the alleys in this area.

PARKING METER
REPLACEMENT

LIONS CLUB PARK
Restroom
Construction

CITY LIBRARY -
Index Cabinets
Purchase Approved

COORDINATOR OF
URBAN RENEWAL
Salary

SALARY INCREASE
Field Engineer

WHOLESALE BUSINESS

LICENSES



PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

East Charleston Blvd.
City Manager Kennedy presented an invitation from the Utah Munici-
pal League for members of the Commission to attend their Golden An-
niversary in Salt Lake City September 12th through the 14th. None
of the members of the Board were able to be present, and requested
the Manager to acknowledge the invitation and send their regrets.

The City Manager reported that bids received on August 21, 1957 on
Bid No. 57.35 for the sale of heating and cooling equipment and an
accounting machine, had been checked.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that the bid of General Engineering Service
on items 1 through 8 in the total amount of $502.00 be accepted. City
Manager Kennedy stated that A. A. Swanson's bid on Item 2, which is a
hot water heater was higher than that of General Engineering Service
on that particular item, but Mr. Swanson only bid on the one piece of
equipment.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that only one bid had been received
on the accounting machine, that of National Cash Register Co. for
$396.50, and recommended this bid be rejected because an informal pro-
posal had been received offering $1,000.00 for the machine.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Items 1 through 8 of Bid No. 57.35 be
awarded to General Engineering Service in the total amount of $502.00
and that the bid of National Cash Register Co. on Item 10 of this
bid be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager requested that authorization be granted to issue a Ser-
vice and Material Warrant to the Las Vegas City Employees Federal Credit
Union in the amount of $13,986.00, said money which is deducted from the
employees' salaries.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Comptroller and Treasurer be authorized to
prepare a warrant to the Las Vegas City Employees Federal Credit Union
in the amount of $13,986.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager reported that the gross payroll for this period is
$101,744.85 and the net is in the amount of $76,241.36. Mr. Kennedy stated
that the General Fund Balance after payment of the payroll and service and
material warrants is $929,786.89 as compared with the balance on August
15, 1957 of $890,976.85. Payments for capital outlay amount to $46,026.25,
and disbursements from the Bond Fund amount to $29,126.96.

The Commission considered the request of Reverend Leila Cornett for per-
mission to use the tent on the Northeast corner of 5th and Bonanza for
revival meetings until September 18th.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved, subject to compliance
with the Building and Fire Department regulations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mrs. Charles Catt appeared before the Commission and asked when action
would be taken on the suggestion that the Traffic Division of the Police
Department be given an increase in salary for "hazard pay".

Planning Director Bills reported that there would be a meeting on September
10, 1957 commencing at 9:00 A.M. with the officials on the proposed Free-
way and Urban Renewal Program, and requested that any of the members of
the Commission who are able to, be here.

Commissioner Bunker suggested that a committee be appointed to study the
feasibility of extending the tavern liquor zone on South Main Street.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple appointed Commissioners Bunker and Fountain on this
committee, and requested that they report their findings back to the Board.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.



UTAH MUNICIPAL LEAGUE



BID NO. 57.35
Sale of Surplus

Equipment



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

GENERAL FUND BALANCE
REVIVAL MEETING

HAZARD PAY -

Traffic Division

URBAN RENEWAL - FREEWAY
Hearing



TAVERN ZONES
Las Vegas, Nevada
September 18, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 18th day of September, 1957 was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members pre-
sent:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Field Engineer	Kennedy Hansen

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Planning Director Franklin J. Bills
City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Mayor Baker announced this was the time set for Mr. Keith Richards owner
of the Sunset Liquor Store, 1027 South Main Street to appear and show cause
why his package liquor and beer bar licenses should not be revoked.

Mr. Richards was present at this time.

His Honor advised Mr. Richards he had been asked to come before the Com-
mission in regard to selling cigarettes to a minor, allowing minors around
the premises and permitting an employee to work in his establishment with-
out registering with the Police Department.

Mr. Richards explained that the minor had come into his liquor store and
had been asked to leave by the clerk on duty. He did leave, but came
back later and had secured the cigarettes from the machine without the
knowledge of the clerk. Mr. Richards advised the Commission that he had
placed new signs concerning the prohibiting of cigarettes being purchased
by minors, and had instructed his employees to be very careful; that if
minors come in to tell them to leave, and if they do not leave to call the
Police Department and have them put out.

Mr. Richards was questioned about the sale of miniatures in his place of
business, and advised the Commission that he had discontinued the sale of
this type of package liquor thirty days ago.

Mayor Baker stated that the Board in interested in the responsibility of
those people in this type of business. He reminded Mr. Richards that
liquor and gaming licenses are privileged businesses and the licensee is
responsible for the operation of his business in compliance with the law.

Mr. Richards assured the Board that he wished to cooperate in every way
to keep everything under control concerning minors and sale of liquor.

He further stated that he appreciated having a license and being in bus-
iness.

Commissioner Sharp asked what the status was of the employee who was work-
ing without a registration card. Mr. Richards stated that he had given
this employee a slip to obtain the card, and was unaware at the time that
she had not registered with the Police Department. He said that she had
registered immediately after being advised of this violation.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he was in agreement with the statements of
the Mayor; that minors in these establishments and liquor being served
at a beer bar has to stop. He advised Mr. Richards that if he was called
before the Commission again that he would vote to revoke his license.

Commissioner Whipple reiterated the statements of the other members of the
Commission and advised Mr. Richards that it was his business to see that
there were no further incidents.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for Charitable Soli-
citation Permits, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the permits:

AMERICAN LEGION AUXILIARY UNIT #8

PITTMAN WOMEN'S CLUB

SOUTHERN NEVADA SIGHTLESS, INC.

BASEBALL FOR YOUTH, INC.

WOMEN OF THE MOOSE

OPTI-MRS. CLUB

SHOW CAUSE HEARING

Sunset Liquor

Store



CHARITABLE

SOLICITATION

PERMITS


Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of Theodore Mendell for a
Second Hand Dealers License at Mandell's, 212½ South 5th Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved that in view of the unfavorable recommendation
from the Police Department that the application of Theodore Mendell for
a second hand dealers license at Mandell's, 212½ South 5th Street be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Mayor Baker asked Mr. Mendell if he understood the reason for denial of
his application. Mr. Mendell stated he did not know, and was advised to
contact the City Manager for explanation tomorrow in his office.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Earl Turmon for license for
an additional "21" game at the Town Tavern, 600 Jackson Street be ap-
proved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional gaming
licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the licenses:

BRIGHT SPOT	Ray R. Davis	300 Stewart	1 slot

EL CHARRO CAFE	Glenn Sales	416 W. Bonanza	1 slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of August 27 and September 4, 1957
be approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 13489
through 13607 in the total amount of $124,663.77 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 13311 through 13856
in the net amount of $74,855.83 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Attorney Howard W. Cannon
to attend the convention of the National Institute of Municipal Law Officers
in Richmond, Virginia October 6th through October 9th, 1957 be approved,
and expenses of $500.00 authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Due to the fact that Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for re-
port on the proposed extension of the Tavern Zone on South Main Street
were absent from the meeting, there was no report made.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the
resolution of the Traffic and Parking Commission concerning the Vehicle
and Traffic Code asked for additional time before reporting.

Consideration was given to the claim of Wilma Freemyer for damages to her
car on Washington Avenue at the intersection of Oasis Way on September 9,
1957 in the amount of $47.31.

Commissioner Whipple moved the claim of Wilma Freemyer for damages of
$47.31 be denied.

2ND HAND DEALERS
LICENSE

Denied

GAMING APPLICATION
Additionals

Town Tavern

Bright Spot &

El Charro Cafe

MINUTES

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
City Attorney

COMMITTEE REPORT -
Tavern Zone Extension

COMMITTEE REPORT -

Vehicle & Traffic

Resolution



CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Wilma Freemyer

Denied


Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of the City of Las Vegas for the
rezoning of Lots 1 and 2, Block 2. Huntridge #2, and Lot 2, Block 2 of
Huntridge #1 from C-1 to C-2. The recommendation of the Planning Commis-
sion was that this application be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning from C-1 to C-2 of Lots 1 and
2, Huntridge #2, and Lot 2, Block 2 of Huntridge #1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The final acceptance of Virginia Manor No. 2 subdivision and the release
of bond was considered at this time.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Engineering Department
reports that the access road on Van Buren from "N" Street to Highland Ave-
nue is of a "dust coat" construction and have recommended that the same be
paved. Mr. Kennedy further reported that the Subdivider has advised the
City that their agreement with the Veterans Administration requires the
construction of a 28' strip of 2" A.C. paving of this access road, and re-
quested that verification of this requirement be secured before the Com-
mission releases the bond.

Commissioner Whipple moved the acceptance of Virginia Manor No. 2 and re-
lease of bond be held until the next regular meeting on October 2, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Consideration was given to the request of Twin Lakes Estates for extension
of time to October 1, 1957 for the completion of this subdivision.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission that the delay has been caused
by the paving contractor who is presently engaged in the improvement of the
Salt Lake Highway, and recommended that this extension of time be granted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the subdividers of Twin Lakes Estates be granted
an extension of time for completion until October 1, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Field Engineer Hansen presented the final map of Morning View Heights #2
for approval. Mr. Hansen advised the Board that the agreement for the in-
stallation of off-site improvements has been signed, and the bond filed
and approved by the City Attorney.

Mr. Hansen reported that the Engineering Department recommends this final
map be approved subject to the condition that curbs, gutters and paving
be installed on St. Louis Street from the east boundary of the subdivision
to Spencer Street, and that adequate leach lines be constructed.

Mr. Cochran, subdivider and his engineer Mr. Fred Eaton appeared before
the Commission at this time and verified the fact that they have agreed
to comply with this condition by the installation of the improvement of
St. Louis Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Morning View Heights No. 2
be approved, subject to the construction of leach lines and the paving,
curbing and guttering of St. Louis Street from the east boundary of the
subdivision to Spencer Street, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
said map.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The Commission considered the deed from the City to the Housing Authority
of the City of Las Vegas for the property known as Marble Manor, being a
portion of the N½ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

City Manager Kennedy requested that the Mayor be authorized to execute this
deed, which will be placed in escrow, pending payment by the Housing Author-
ity of $5,127.50. Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that this was in compli-
ance with our agreement with the Housing Authority which was approved August
15, 1956;

Commissioner Sharp moved this deed be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

REZONING -	Z-9-57

City of Las Vegas
Denied

VIRGINIA MANOR NO. 2
Acceptance & Bond
Release



TWIN LAKES ESTATES
Extension of Time

 MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS
NO. 2

Final Map Approved

DEED TO HOUSING
AUTHORITY


Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deeds secured for East Charles-
ton Boulevard improvement from 15th Street to the intersection at Fremont
Street, known as Assessment District No. 100-35.

The first deeds presented are a ten (10') foot dedication for street pur-
poses on the north side of East Charleston from the Fremont intersection
westerly to and within the acreage parcels lying easterly of the Lawrence
Love Tract Subdivision, from the following:

1.	Louis and Tui Wiener

2.	Carpenters & Joiners United Brotherhood Local #1780

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed dated the 15th day of April, 1957, executed by Louis Wiener,
Jr. and Tui Wiener, husband and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and the deed dated the 26th day of April, 1957,
executed by Carpenters & Joiners United Brotherhood Local #1780 to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.



The second group of ten deeds are for an alley in the Lawrence Love Tract,
from the following:

1.	Vera Love (2 deeds)

2.	Genova L. Robinson

3.	Toy R. Gregory

4.	Charles E. and Alice L. Sherman

5.	King J. and Marjorie E. Moore

6.	Ray W. and Myrtle Burt Hyland

7.	Virginia A. Erickson

8.	E. H. and Fredrickia D. Burnett

9.	D. Tecumseh McCall and W. L. Zeiger

10.	Olive Boone

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deeds dated the 10th day of April, 1957 (2 deeds) executed by
Vera Love; the deed dated the 9th day of May, 1956, executed by Genova L.
Robinson; the deed dated the 16th day of April, 1957, executed by Toy R.
Gregory; the deed dated the 22nd day of April, 1957, executed by Charles
E. Sherman and Alice L. Sherman; the deed dated the 2nd day of May, 1957,
executed by King J. Moore and Marjorie E. Moore; the deed dated the 31st
day of May, 1957, executed by Ray W. Hyland and Myrtle Burt Hyland; the
deed dated the 31st day of May, 1957, executed by Virginia A. Ericksen;
the deed dated the 26th day of April, 1957, executed by E. H. Burnett
and Fredrickia D. Burnett; the deed dated the 13th day of June, 1957,
executed by D. Tecumseh McCall and Wayne L. Zeiger; and the deed dated
the 6th day of September, 1957, executed by Olive Boone to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of an
alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

* * * *

Next the Commission considered three deeds for a 20' alley in Block 10
of Mayfair Tract No. 2, from the following:

1. W. M. and Anna Luella Clark
	2. Harley and Evelyn King

3.	Elda Clark Crane

EAST CHARLESTON BLVD.

IMPROVEMENT
Quitclaim Deeds

Assessment District
No. 100-35
On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed dated the 16th day of April, 1957, executed by William
M. Clark and Anna Luella Clark, husband and wife; and the deed dated the
30th day of April, 1957, executed by Harley A. King and Evelyn L. King,
husband and wife; and the deed dated the 8th day of May, 1957, executed
by Elda Clark Crane to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby
accepted, for the purposes of an alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.



The Commission then considered four deeds for a 20' alley in Block 7 of
Mayfair Tract No. 2 from the following:

1. Ralph and Mary Frances Seward
     2. John B. and Mary M. Hirsch

3.	A. G. Neumeyer

4.	John M. and Nelda Sue Donohue

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed dated the 7th day of May, 1957, executed by Ralph Seward
and Mary Frances Seward, husband and wife; that the deed dated the 6th
day of June, 1957, executed by John B. Hirsch and Mary M. Hirsch, hus-
band and wife; that the deed dated the 7th day of August, 1952, executed
by A. G. Neumeyer; and the deed dated the 11th day of April, 1957, ex-
ecuted by John M. Donohue and Nelda Sue Donohue to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of an alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.

* * * *

Consideration was given to the following ten deeds for a 20' alley in
Block 4 of Mayfair Tract No. 2:

1.	Irving Kline

2.	C. E. and Evelyn L. Ronnow

3.	Darryl N. and Patti H. Leavitt
    4. Marguerite A. Gonzales

5.	Joseph and Rosalie Bureski

6.	King J. and Marjorie E. Moore

7.	Robert Julian and Frances M. Moore

8.	Frank McNamee

9.	Ellsworth E. and Helen E. Baker

10.	Walter and Gladys Murphy

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple,
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada, that the deed dated the 11th day of April, 1957, executed by Irving
Kline; that the deed dated the 11th day of April, 1957, executed by C. E.
Ronnow and Evelyn L. Ronnow, husband and wife; that the deed dated the
13th day of April, 1957, executed by Darryl N. Leavitt and Patti H.
Leavitt, husband and wife; that the deed dated the 9th day of May, 1957,
executed by Marguerite A. Gonzales; that the deed dated the 2nd day of
May, 1957, executed by Joseph Bureski and Rosalie Bureski, husband and
wife; that the deed dated the 2nd day of May, 1957, executed by King J.
Moore and Marjorie E. Moore, husband and wife; that the deed dated the
18th day of April, 1957, executed by Robert Julian Moore and Frances M.
Moore, husband and wife; that the deed dated the 9th day of April, 1957,
executed by Frank McNamee; that the deed dated the 23rd day of August,
1957, executed by Ellsworth E. Baker and Helen E. Baker, husband and
wife; and that the deed dated the 14th day of August, 1957, executed by
Walter J. Murphy and Gladys Murphy, husband and wife to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of an
alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be at-
tached to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this
resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

* * * *

The Commission considered four deeds for 20' alley dedications on the
south side of East Charleston, commencing at 15th Street easterly to
17th Street, being Charleston Square Tract No. 1, Block 1:

1. Vincent V. and Dorothee Novotny
     2. Hale B. and Ruth M. Slavin

3.	Jacob E., Edward J., and George W. Von Tobel

4.	Ival and Virginia Hoover.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada
that the deed dated the 13th day of August, 1957, executed by Vincent V.
Novotny and Dorothee Novotny, husband and wife; that the deed dated the
3rd day of June, 1957, executed by Hale B. Slavin and Ruth M. Slavin,
husband and wife; that the deed dated the 20th day of May, 1957, execu-
ted by Jacob E. Von Tobel, Edward J. Von Tobel and George W. Von Tobel;
and that the deed dated the 6th day of September, 1957, executed by
Ival Hoover and Virginia Hoover, husband and wife to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of an
alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.



The Board considered the quitclaim deeds from Mastercraft Homes for a
20' alley in Charleston Square Tract No. 2, Block 1, and Charleston
Square Tract No. 4, Block 1.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deeds dated the 30th day of April, 1957, executed by Mastercraft
Homes, Incorporated by A. E. Tiffany, President, and 0. A. Bell, Secretary;
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the pur-
poses of an alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to a proposed agreement between the City of Las
Vegas and Walter and Gladys Murphy for the construction of a five foot
brick fence along Lot 12 of Block 4 of Mayfair Tract No. 2. The Commis-
sion was advised that the installation of this fence was a condition in
the deed from Ellsworth E. and Helen E. Baker for the dedication of pro-
perty completing the 20' alley dedication, and Mr. and Mrs. Murphy owners
of Lot 13 adjacent to the Ellsworth Baker property have agreed to pay
for the expense of this installation providing it does not exceed $350.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved this agreement be approved and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of Hortense McKiernan for a
Service Bar liquor license at the El Cholo Cafe, 621 South 5th Street.

The City Manager reported that Mrs. McKeirnan presently holds a Restau-
rant Beverage license at this location, and the premises have been in-
spected by the Fire, Building and License Department and it has been
found that the establishment meets all requirements.

AGREEMENT - Walter &
Gladys Murphy
Fence Installation

LIQUOR APPLICATION
El Cholo Cafe

Deposit Returned
City Attorney Cannon advised the Board that there is no provision for
the issuance of a Service Bar liquor license in a C-2 zone.

The Board determined that there was no application before them to be
acted upon, and authorized the refund of the money placed on deposit
by Mrs. McKiernan.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that four bids had been received on
September 16, 1957 for the purchase or lease of the Huntridge Fire Sta-
tion, from the following:	Joseph Blascoe, Junior Chamber of Commerce,

Thomas Oakey, and Carl Moler. He further reported that the Chamber of
Commerce would like to meet with the Commission to present their pro-
posal for this property.

The Board requested that this matter be held in abeyance until there is
a full Board present.

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following
resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described
has been and still is without adequate curbs, gutters, street paving, side-
walks and street lighting; and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following street
be improved by curbing, guttering, paving, installation of sidewalks and
street lighting the same;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 18th day of
September, 1957, that the City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to
prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of the work,
the locality to be improved, together with the estimates of cost for the
installation of curbs, gutters, paving, sidewalks and street lighting on
the following street and part of street:

East Charleston Boulevard from the westerly line of Fifteenth
Street to the westerly line of Fremont Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy requested authorization to issue a warrant to Paul
Drury and George Von Tobel for appraisal of the Gold Course and Huntridge
Fire Station in the amount of $800.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager be approved and
the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue a warrant in the amount
of $800.00 to Messrs Drury and Von Tobel for these appraisals.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that Commissioner Wendell Bunker be des-
ignated to represent the City of Las Vegas at the American Municipal Assoc-
iation Congress to be held in San Francisco, California, December 1st
through the 4th, 1957.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Commissioner Bunker be designated as a
representative of the City at the AMA Congress in San Francisco on Dec-
ember 1st through the 4th, 1957, and that expenses be paid by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The City Manager presented the request of Reverend J. C. Benjamin for per-
mission to erect a tent at 1516 North "C" Street for the purpose of con-
ducting a revival meeting from October 6, 1957 to January 1, 1958. Mr.
Kennedy recommended that if this request is granted, that approval be
subject to inspection by the Police and Fire Departments, and that no
sales of any kind be permitted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be ac-
cepted and Rev. J. C. Benjamin be granted permission to hold a revival
meeting at 1516 North "C" Street from October 6, 1957 to January 1, 1958
subject to approval by the Police and Fire Departments, and that no
sales be permitted on the premises.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

HUNTRIDGE FIRE
STATION BIDS

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-35
Resolution

APPRAISAL OF CITY
PROPERTY

Payment Authorized

AMA CONGRESS
Representative
Designated

REVIVAL MEETING
Mr. Kennedy presented the addendum to the contract with the Tait Ap-
praisal Company for insurance appraisal of City property that was ap-
proved by the Commission on September 4, 1957. The City Manager re-
minded the Board that in the original proposal there was no provision
for time payment of 50% of the fee on completion of the field work
and the balance to be paid upon presentation of report.

Commissioner Sharp moved the addendum to the contract with the Tait
Appraisal Company be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The City Manager reported that the filter rock for the new Sewage Treat-
ment Plant has been tested and has met the specifications for sodium
sulphate soundness and specific gravity.

Mr. Kennedy requested approval for the purchase of office equipment for
the New Sewage Treatment Plant. The City Manager advised the Commission
that bids had been secured from Carter & Beville, Sarret Office Equip-
ment and Lee Office Equipment. He reported that Lee Office Equipment
was the low bidder in the amount of $1,332.39 and recommended that this
proposal be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Manager be
accepted and the office equipment for the New Sewage Treatment Plant
be purchased from Lee Office Equipment Company in the total amount of
$1,332.39.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The City Manager requested approval of purchase requisition No. 8746 to
the Alhambra Foundry Company in the amount of $992.00 for manhole rings
and covers for the Sanitation Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved that purchase requisition No. 8746 to Alhambra
Foundry Company in the amount of $992.00 for manhole rings and covers be
approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Discussion was held on the coin denominations for parking meters. Chief
of Police Sheffer presented a map showing the location of the 1¢ and 5¢
meters that will be replaced. The Commission authorized the replacement
of these meters with 5¢ and 10¢ meters that will be transferred from
Fremont Street.

The Board requested that this matter be presented to the Traffic and
Parking Commission so they will be acquainted with it.

Mr. Kennedy presented for discussion the proposed exchange of property
with the Clark County School District in the following areas:

1.	Hyde Park - West Charleston

2.	Municipal Golf Course

3.	John C. Fremont School

The City Manager advised the Commission that the Engineering Department
and City Attorney have prepared the necessary deeds for this exchange.

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is desirous of making a property ex-
change with the Clark County School District and the School District is
desirous of exchanging certain property with the City and paying the
difference in value in cash, Commissioner Whipple moved that the City
convey to the Clark County School District that certain property com-
monly known as Hyde Park and West Charleston area, generally described
as:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in
the SE¼ of Section 31, T20S, R61E, MDB&M and more particularly
described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southeast corner of Lot 173, Block 10 of Hyde
Park No. 1 as shown by map thereof on file in Book 3 of Plats,

Page 56, as Document 389195, recorded August 16, 1952 in the
Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; thence
South 89°46'33" East parallel with the South line of the South-
east Quarter (SE¼) of Section 31, Township 20 South, Range 61
East, a distance of 1089.19 feet to the Northeast corner of that
certain parcel of land conveyed by the Las Vegas Valley Water

INSURANCE APPRAISAL

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Office Equipment

Purchase



MANHOLE RINGS & COVERS
Purchase Authorized

PARKING METERS

EXCHANGE OF PROPERTY
School District
and City
District of Nevada, to the City of Las Vegas, as described in Parcel 1 by
Document 89555 in Book 108 of Official Records, recorded September 21,

1956 in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, thence
South 0°45'44" East along the East line thereof a distance of 212.81 feet
to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING; thence continuing South 0°45'44" East
along the said East line a distance of 609.84 feet; thence North 88°52'16"
West a distance of 478.63 feet; thence along a tangent curve to the left
with a radius of 120.0 feet, through an angle of 10°13'39" an arc length
of 21.43 feet; thence North 0°45'44" West parallel with the East line of
Hyde Park No. 1 aforementioned a distance of 611.75 feet; thence South
88°52'16" East a distance of 308.00 feet; thence South 1°07'44" West a
distance of 16 feet; thence South 88°52'16" East a distance of 40.0 feet;
thence North 1°07'44" East a distance of 16.0 feet; thence South 88°52'16"
East a distance of 152.00 feet to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING. Containing
6.983 acres, more or less.

Reserving unto the Grantor, the southerly 40 feet and the easterly 40 feet
thereof for street purposes.

and that property commonly known as the Golf Course area, generally described
as:

The W½ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 30, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, save
and except the Southerly 40 feet thereof for street purposes, con-
taining 19.65 acres more or less.

and the City accepts a deed from the School District for that property com-
monly known as the John C. Fremont School area and accepts from the Clark
County School District a payment of the sum of $22,505.20 in cash, repre-
senting the difference in the appraised value of the respective property
conveyed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Mayor Baker announced that the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board is de-
sirous of receiving from the City land in the John C. Fremont School area and
in the Hyde Park area for the purpose of constructing a public swimming pool
for recreational purposes.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the City convey or lease to the Clark County
Fair and Recreation Board for public recreational purposes the following des-
cribed property:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and being a
portion of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast One-
Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3, Township 21 South, Range 61 East,

MDB&M, containing .548 acres more or less

and

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and being a
portion of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 31, Town-
ship 20 South, Range 61 East, MDB&M, containing .545 acres more
or less.

on the condition that if the public recreational purposes are discontinued
that the property revert back to the City of Las Vegas and with the under-
standing that the City will have the right to lease these facilities for
recreational purposes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The Commission reconsidered the acceptance of Virginia Manor #2 and the re-
lease of bond. Mr. Giger, representing the Subdivider D. H. Hand was present
and advised the Board that Mr. Hand was willing to put up a cash bond to cover
the access street of Van Buren from "N" Street to Highland Drive, and re-
quested the release of the bond.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bond for Virginia Manor #2 subdivision be
released subject to the Subdivider furnishing a bond to cover the access
Street in an amount to be determined by the Engineering Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The City Manager presented the request of the Las Vegas and Lake Mead Stakes
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints for permission to obtain
some of the surplus effluent water from the Sewage Disposal Plant for irri-
gation of their land adjacent to the Plant.

PROPERTY FOR

SWIMMING POOLS

Clark County

Fair and

Recreation

Board



VIRGINIA MANOR #2
Acceptance & Bond

Release



EFFLUENT WATER
Use by LDS
A resolution prepared by the City Attorney was submitted for consid-
eration and the Commission requested that a clause be inserted to
indicate that the right to this water cannot be assigned without
the consent of the City.

Thereafter, Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be
adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is completing a new Sewage Dis-
posal Plant and there will be a surplus of effluent water from the
City's Sewage Disposal Plant, and

WHEREAS, the effluent water from said Sewage Disposal Plant
will be carried off in an open ditch and will create a problem for
the said City in disposing of the same, and

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas and Lake Mead Stakes of the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints own certain real property adjacent
to the property owned by the City on which said Sewage Disposal Plant
is located, to-wit:

Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of Section 15,

T21S, R62E, MDB&M,

and

WHEREAS, the said Las Vegas and Lake Mead Stakes desire to ir-
rigate and cultivate the aforesaid land and have applied to the
State Engineer for a secondary permit to use six second feet of the
effluent water from the City of Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Plant, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas holds a primary permit for the
use of the effluent water and a secondary permit cannot be granted
without the consent of the holder of the primary permit, and

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas and Lake Mead Stakes have proposed to the
City of Las Vegas that they be granted the right to divert and carry
away at their own expense up to six second feet of effluent water,
thus assisting in the City's problem of disposal of effluent waters,
and such a proposal is of benefit to the City,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED as follows:	That the City of Las

Vegas grant unto the Las Vegas and Lake Mead Stakes of the Church of
Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints a secondary right to divert and use
up to six second feet of the effluent water from the City of Las Vegas
Sewage Disposal Plant for beneficial use on the following described
land, to-wit:

Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of Section 15,

T21S, R62E, MDB&M,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this grant shall continue from year
to year so long as the Grantee shall put the said waters to beneficial
use, and so long as the Las Vegas Sewage Disposal Plant is in operation
at its present location and producing effluent water. In the event
the Sewage Disposal Plant should be abandoned at its location, or that
less than six second feet of effluent water shall be available, then
the City shall be under no obligation to permit the Grantee to use
sewage effluent except insofar as such effluent may be available after
the primary right of the City of Las Vegas shall have been satisfied.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this grant is on the condition that
the Grantee takes the effluent water and transports the same from the
Sewage Disposal Plant at Grantee's own expense, and shall hold the
City harmless by reason of any injury or damage to person or persons
that may result therefrom.

The point of diversion shall be at the last unit of the chlorinator
on the said Sewage Disposal Plant in a twenty-inch (20") pipe and run-
ning from that point to the property of the Grantee herein described.

A control valve shall be installed at the expense of the Grantee at
the point of diversion. In the event such point of diversion shall
later prove impracticable then the Grantee shall have the right to
divert water from the waste ditch of the chlorinator at such a loca-
tion that may be mutually agreed upon by the Grantor and Grantee.

The Grantee shall have the right to install and maintain a pipe
from the point of diversion herein described across land of the Gran-
tor to the land of the Grantee for the purpose of conveying the ef-
fluent water hereinabove mentioned.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the right to use said water shall be
at no charge to the Grantee, in consideration of the matters and things
to be performed as herein set forth by the Grantee for the benefit of
the City, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the right to use said water granted
herein shall not be assignable without the consent of the City first
having been obtained, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that it is hereby declared to be the intent
of the City that this agreement shall be continued from year to year so
long as the terms and conditions herein set forth shall be carried out and
insofar as this grant may be binding on subsequent Boards of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

At the hour of 9:05 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour
of 9:20 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission requested that the City Attorney prepare an appropriate re-
solution commending the Reserve Police for the outstanding service and long
hours they have put in assisting the Police Department, and present the re-
solution for adoption at the next regular meeting on October 2, 1957.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the City has been leasing
a D-8 Cat-and-Can, which is a caterpillar, ripper, scraper and bulldozer
blade, from Cashman to do certain types of heavy road construction at an
approximate cost of $12,000 a year. Mr. Kennedy requested permission to
enter into a lease-purchase agreement to purchase this piece of equipment
at approximately $24,000 and further requested permission to look into
the possibility of having the papers carried by one of the local banks
since the interest rate will be lower.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager be approved, and
authorization granted to enter into a lease-purchase contract with Cashman
for a D-8 Cat-and-Can at an approximate cost of $24,000; further that the
papers on this contract be financed through one of the local banks if pos-
sible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Mr. Kennedy also requested permission to purchase a large grader. The City
Manager reported that this piece of equipment is needed for road construc-
tion and would cut down on the necessity of contracting out various por-
tions of street improvement to local contractors. Mr. Kennedy advised the
Commission that the piece of equipment needed can be secured from the Clark
County Wholesale Company.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and authorization
granted to enter into a lease-purchase contract with Clark County Whole-
sale for a Model T-500 Galion Motor Grader at an estimated cost of $19,725.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION

Reserve Police

STREET CONSTRUCTION
EQUIPMENT

Purchase Authorized

MOTOR GRADER -
Purchase Authorized
Las Vegas, Nevada
October 2, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held this 2nd day of October, 1957 was called to order
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Mr. Lester Goldring, owner of The Pub, 1216 South Main Street and his
attorney Murray Posin appeared before the Commission at this time rela-
tive to his package liquor and beer bar licenses which had been suspended
on September 4, 1957 for thirty days.

Mr. Goldring was advised by the Commission that he could reopen his es-
tablishment the morning of October 4, 1957.

Mrs. Stephanie Hurley appeared before the Commission relative to the con-
struction of accessory buildings in an R-E zone. Mr. Hurley advised the
Board that she was specifically concerned with that area between West
Charleston Boulevard, Edgewood Drive, Rancho Board and Rancho Drive
wherein there has been constructed a very large structure which the
owner declares is an accessory building for his hobby and a library.

The City Attorney advised the Commission that accessory buildings are
permitted. Mr. Cannon stated that he had contacted the Building Depart-
ment relative to this matter and they had advised him that the building
meets the code requirements. The City Attorney further stated that the
owner contends that it is an accessory building which will only be used
for his individual pleasure.

Discussion was held by the Board and the City Attorney was requested to
prepare an amendment to the ordinance which would limit the construction
of accessory buildings on a square footage basis.

Attorney David Zenoff was present at this time, representing the Las Vegas
Motel Association to request an amendment to the City's ordinance concern-
ing price advertising. Mr. Zenoff pointed out that since the adoption of
Ordinance No. 731 the adverse publicity and criticism of this type of bus-
iness has been cut to a minimum. He explained that there are still a
few motels that are using misleading advertising such as "Members of the
$5.00 Motel Association", "$5.00 Turf Motel", etc., when actually the
motel does not have rooms that rent at this rate.

Mr. Zenoff requested that the Commission consider amendment of the present
ordinance which would prohibit false or misleading advertising and also
prohibit the use of numbers or numerals of any kind for motel outdoor ad-
vertising. Mr. Zenoff further asked that this be considered as an emer-
gency measure.

Mr. Bridgeman of the Motel Association was present, and advised the Board
that the National President of the American Mote-Hotel Association had
complimented Las Vegas and Clark County for the apt way they have combatted
and handled price advertising.

Mr. Murray Posin, representing the Southern Nevada Motel Association ap-
peared before the Commission and requested that action be deferred on the
proposed amendment to the ordinance until the Supreme Court of the State
of Nevada has made a decision on the constitutionality of this type of
ordinance.

Mayor Baker stated that the City is interested not only in the Courts of
Law and the operators of the motels, but the effect the operation of this
business and misleading advertising has on the community, and the damage
to people who come here to visit. His Honor further stated that it is
his opinion that it is in the public interest to strengthen the law so
there can be no further jeopardy to the customers of this business and the
community.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be considered as an emergency measure
and the City Attorney requested to prepare an ordinance for introduction
to committee.

LIQUOR LICENSE
The Pub

ACCESSORY BUILDINGS

ORDINANCE NO. 731
Hotel-Motel Outdoor
Advertising
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 57.37 for the construc-
tion of Restrooms at Lions Club Park, bids were received from the following
firms:

V & G CONSTRUCTION CO.	$4,888.00

P & C CONSTRUCTION CO.	4,673.00

LESLIE P. GOEBEL CONSTRUCTION 4,986.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager
and Engineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Edward Levinson for an additional
gaming license for 1 Poker table at the Fremont Hotel, 201 Fremont Street
be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Earl E. Wilson, Crown Novelty
Co. for a gaming license for 2 slot machines at the Desert Snack Bar, 222
North Main Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of C. C. Larson for a license
for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products at the Thriftimart
Inc., 2200 West Bonanza be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 13858 through 14385
in the net amount of $74,321.81 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 13610
through 13759 in the total amount of $73,645.32 and a warrant to the Las
Vegas City Employees Federal Credit Union for deductions from employees
salaries in the estimated amount of $13,072.82 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of September 18, 1957 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Mary Nicosia for the package
liquor and beer bar licenses of the Western Liquor Store, 6 E. Charleston,
presently issued to M. C. Britton.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Board that Mrs. Nicosia has had a Restau-
rant Beverage license for a number of years, and the Police Department
recommends favorably on this applicant. Mr. Kennedy further reminded the
Commission that Mr. Britton's license has been suspended for thirty days
and this period of suspension does not end until October 4th.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Mary Nicosia for a
package liquor and beer bar license, gaming license for 3 slot machines
and a license for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products at
the Western Liquor Store, 6 E. Charleston be approved, and Mrs. Nicosia be
permitted to operate the business commencing October 3, 1957, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

BID NO. 57.37
Restrooms at
Lions Club Park

Opened

GAMING LICENSE
Additional

Fremont Hotel

Desert Snack Bar

CIGARETTE LICENSE

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner

Western Liquor
Store
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the meritorious salary increases approved by
the Civil Service Board of Trustees, and recommended their approval.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following meritorious salary increases be
approved:

NAME	DEPARTMENT STEP TO STEP SCHEDULE DOLLARS

Maxwell, Barbara	Court	2-3	20	305-322

Forsyth, Leila	Engineering	2-3	17	258-273

Small, Mary	Engineering	2-3	23	360-381

Morgenstern, Jewell	Finance	4-5	20	341-360

Boggs, Ernest J.	Fire	2-3	23	360-381

Fountain, Deane R.	Fire	2-3	23	360-381

Leavitt, Gerald K.	Fire	2-3	23	360-381

Painter, Wallace	Fire	2-3	23	360-381

Addison, Clarence	Golf Course	2-3	20	305-322

Null, Jesse K.	Golf Course	2-3	20	305-322

Hoen, Mildred	Library	3-4	17	273-288

McDonald, Una	Library	2-3	17	258-273

Holden, Frank	License	2-3	22	341-360

Nease, Wilson F.	Cemetery	4-5	17	288-305

Smith, Melville	Planning	3-4	23	381-403

Boren, Joan	Police	2-3	18	273-288

Bourland, Shirley	Police	3-4	18	288-305

Compton, Bennie C.	Police	4-5	24	426-450

Dailey, Samuel	Police	2-3	24	381-403

Davis, Ray W.	Police	2-3	24	381-403

Davis, Ronald	Police	3-4	24	403-426

Elliott, Amos Allen Jr.	Police	4-5	24	426-450

Feldman, Celia	Police	3-4	19	304-322

Johnson, Marilyn	Police	2-3	20	304-322

Munyan, Leonard	Police	3-4	24	403-426

Thomas, Lewis	Police	2-3	24	381-403

Wright, Mary Lou	Police	2-3	19	288-305

Miller, William	Recreation	2-3	26	426-450

Kusic, Larry J.	Recreation	4-5	15	258-273

Dittmer, Roland	Garage	4-5	23	403-426

Jensen, Nephi	Garage	4-5	23	403-426

Webb, Rodney S.	Garage	3-4	23	381-403

Klumpler, Joseph	Street	4-5	20	341-360

Kulack, George	Street	4-5	17	288-305

Bowers, Henry C.	St. Lighting	5-Nights	23	426-450

Dammeir, George	St. Lighting	4-5	23	403-426

Gibson, Mark	St. Lighting	4-5	23	403-426

Jennings, Oliver	St. Lighting	4-5	23	403-426

Norton, Donald	St. Lighting	4-5	23	403-426

Thomas, Oliver	Sewer Mainten.	2-3	20	305-322

King, Herman	Sewer Mainten.	4-5	21	360-381

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Works Engineer Uehling reported to the Commission that a number of prop-
erty owners have not installed sidewalks on South 5th Street between Mc-
Williams Avenue and the intersection of 5th Street with South Main Street,
as required by the Commission in the widening of 5th Street. Mr. Uehling
stated that the property owners had been given written notice, and those
who have not complied were as follows:

1.	North half of Lot 6, Block 6, Biltmore Addition

2.	Lot 1 through 5, Block 6, Biltmore Addition

3. Lot 1, Block 7, Biltmore Annex #3

4. Lot 4, Block 5, Biltmore Annex #3

5.	255 feet southerly from Oakey Boulevard, property
owned by E. O. Underhill

6.	89 feet of property owned by Elmer Mikkleson at the
intersection of 5th and Main.

The Commission requested the Public Works Department to contact the owners
of this property personally and report back at the next meeting of the Board.

Consideration was given to an easement from the City of North Las Vegas for
the Stocker Street sewer lateral extending from the Las Vegas City limits
northerly along Stocker Street, then northwesterly through the City owned
lands in North Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

MERITORIOUS SALARY
INCREASES

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION

South 5th Street

EASEMENT -
City of North
Las Vegas



Stocker Street
Sewer Lateral
BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of October, 1957, by the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas,County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the easement, dated the 16th day of September, 1957, executed by
the City of North Las Vegas, a municipal corporation to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property des-
cribed therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of sewer; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said easement, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered a quitclaim deed to the City of North Las Vegas
for the south 40 feet and east 40 feet of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 12,
T20S, R61E, MDB&M for street purposes along a 40 acre parcel of land owned
by the City of Las Vegas located in North Las Vegas. The Commission was
advised that this deed contains a reversionary clause and mineral rights
on behalf of the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Sharp moved the quitclaim deed to the City of North Las Vegas
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Willie Franklin to move a
house from 1114 North "E" Street to 1114 North "I" Street. The Building
Department recommended this application be approved, subject to the ap-
plicant filing a bond.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Willie Franklin to move
a house from 1114 North "E" Street to 1114 North "I" Street be approved
subject to the posting of a bond, and compliance with the Building and
Fire Codes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Betsy Gray for a variance to
operate a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston Boulevard, for nine child-
ren under the age of two years.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment
had denied the application. Mr. Bills explained that this denial was
based solely on the location and the Board of Adjustment was fully aware
of the capability of Mrs. Gray to operate this type of business and of
her good character, but it was felt that this type of operation should
not be permitted in a suburban estates neighborhood. Mr. Bills further
reported that there were numerous protests from neighbors in this vicinity.

Mrs. Gray appeared before the Commission and explained that the property
was owned by Mrs. Copeland, who has recently become a widow and this is
part of the estate. Mrs. Gray explained that she cares for Mrs. Copeland's
child and the two of them have an agreement whereby Mrs. Gray is to move
into this house and operate a nursery to support her own three children.
Mrs. Gray is 95 feet in width by 295 feet in depth and the children are
so small they will be in the house most of the time.

Mr. Paul Tubiolo of 3215 West Charleston appeared in opposition to this
variance.

At the hour of 8:45 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour
of 9:00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker stated that relative to the matter that was being con-
sidered at the time of recess, he is in sympathy with Mrs. Gray and her
problem, but his better judgment tells him that the resolution the Board
of Adjustment passed is sound and presents points well taken. Commissioner
Bunker further stated that he has a strong feeling that this variance
changes the character of the area and allows a "foot-in-the-door" for
other changes the Board will have to face.

Commissioner Bunker then moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment on the variance application of Betsy Gray be accepted and this var-
iance denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held
October 2, 1957, having considered the application of Betsy Gray for
Variance to operate a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston Boulevard,
for nine children under the age of two years; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment denying this application, based solely on the location;

DEED FOR RIGHT-OF-
WAY

To City of North

Las Vegas





HOUSE MOVING PERMIT
Willie Franklin

VARIANCE - V-ll-57
Betsy Gray

Denied
NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the recom-
mendation of the Board of Adjustment denying the application of Betsy
Gray to operate a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston be approved
and this application denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Mayor Baker explained to Mrs. Gray that she has the right to appeal this
decision within ten days.

Traffic Engineer Al Bossi presented a map of the area surrounding the
Las Vegas High School and explained the proposed cooperative project of
the City and School authorities to control student traffic movements.

Mr. Bossi explained that during the morning and afternoon breaks and
lunch hours the students drive their cars around the school causing quite
a problem. Mr. Bossi stated that he and the Traffic Division of the
Police Department are assisting the School in this matter and have re-
designed the parking lot to allow for twenty-two additional parking
spaces.

Mr. Bossi explained that the program provides for the issuance of permits
to students who drive cars to school, specific parking places, and the
vehicles will not be permitted to leave during school hours without
special permission.

The Commission indicated approval of this project on a trial basis,
which would establish 2 hour parking zones on the residential side of
the streets surrounding the school. The Board further requested the
City Manager to write a letter to the School authorities suggesting that
acquisition of additional property for parking be secured.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission the contract with Wells-Cargo
for the installation of paving on South "A" Street between Charleston and
Main Street has been completed and a notice of completion filed. Mr.

Hansen stated it was the recommendation of the Engineering Department that
this contract be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Fountain moved the paving of South "A" Street be accepted
and the bond of Wells-Cargo on this project released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the request of Ideal Asphalt, contractor for the
installation of alley approaches in connection with the Assessment District
No. 100-36 on the Westside.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Board the delay is due to inability to
schedule the work to be performed by the City, which was commenced on
September 30th. Mr. Hansen recommended that a thirty day extension be
granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Ideal Asphalt for extension of
30 days for the installation of alley approaches in Assessment District
No. 100-36 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the Subdivider on Virginia Manor No. 2
has not contacted the City nor posted a bond to cover the construction of
the access street, Van Buren Avenue between "N" Street and Highland Drive.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for Solicitation
Permits as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

LAS VEGAS FIREMEN'S BENEFIT ASSN.

LAS VEGAS BRANCH OF NATIONAL LEAGUE OF AMERICAN PEN WOMEN
SENIOR GIRL SCOUTS TROOP #47
RAINBOW GIRLS MOTHERS CLUB

WOMAN'S SOCIETY OF CHRISTIAN SERVICE OF GRIFFITH
METHODIST CHURCH

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Resolution No. 9 of the Traffic and Parking
Commission recommending amendment to the Vehicle and Traffic Code be approved
and the City Attorney authorized to prepare an ordinance to take care of these
amendments.

SCHOOL PARKING &

TRAFFIC PROJECT

SOUTH "A" STREET
PAVING

Acceptance & Bond

Release



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36
Alley Approaches

Extension of Time

VIRGINIA MANOR #2

Report



CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS
Approved

AMENDMENT TO VEHICLE
& TRAFFIC CODE
Ordinance to be Prepared
Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none.

Commissioners Bunker and Fountain, committee for recommendation on the
proposed extension of the Tavern Zone on South Main Street, requested
additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCES 503, 529, AND

&L& DEALING WITH THE REGULATION AND LICENSING OF CHILD CARE FACILITIES
WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO; REPEALING ALL CONFLICTING ORDINANCES; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, was read by title and referred to
Commissioner Whipple for recommendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REQUIRE INSPECTIONS OF TAXI CABS

AND PUBLIC VEHICLES IN THE INTEREST OF THE PUBLIC SAFETY AND WELFARE;
PROVIDING FOR SUCH INSPECTIONS; PROVIDING FOR IMPOUNDING OF VEHICLES UPON
FINDING THEM TO BE UNSAFE; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL OR-
DINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read by title and referred to Com-
missioner Fountain for recommendation.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that the State Legislature
recently passed a law that requires a public hearing when land is acquired
by the County or School District, consequently it would be necessary to
comply with this provision prior to leasing property in the Hyde Park
and John C. Fremont School areas to the Clark County Fair and Recreation
Board for the construction of swimming pools.

Commissioner Whipple moved the adoption of the following resolution set-
ting the public hearing on this matter on November 6, 1957 at 8:00 P.M.:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has received
a request from the County of Clark through the Clark County Fair and Re-
creation Board, a public agency as defined by Chapter 98, Laws of Nevada,
1957, to lease certain real property owned by the City of Las Vegas, which
is not now needed for use by the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has determined that the said land here-
inafter described can be put to a greater public use by the County of Clark
and the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board in accordance with their
powers and duties as prescribed by the law of the State of Nevada,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS that:

The Board hereby declares its intention to lease the hereinafter des-
cribed property to the County of Clark.

The property herein proposed to be leased is described as follows:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and being a
portion of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast One-
Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3, Township 21 South, Range 61 East,

M.D.B.& M., and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Northwest corner of the Southeast One-Quarter
(SE¼) of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3, Township 21
South, Range 61 East; thence South 0°55'59" West along the West
line of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast One-Quarter
(SE¼) of Section 3 a distance of 40.05 feet; thence North 87°50'18"

East parallel with and distant 40 feet South at right angles to
the North line of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast
One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3, a distance of 22.39 feet to the
Northwest corner of that certain parcel of land conveyed by Jessie
Hunt to the Clark County School District as described in Document
No. 104137 in Book 126 of Official Records, recorded April 4, 1957
in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada; thence
continuing North 87°50'18" East parallel with and distant 40 feet
South at right angles to the aforementioned North line a distance
of 471.97 feet to the Northeast corner thereof; thence continuing
North 87°50'18" East parallel with said North line a distance of
18.66 feet; thence South 2°09'42" East a distance of 180.67 feet
to the true point of beginning; thence North 87°50'18" East parallel
with the North line of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3
a distance of 16 feet; thence South 2°09'42" East a distance of 50
feet; thence South 87°50'18" West a distance of 16 feet; thence
South 2°09'42" East a distance of 160 feet; thence South 87°50'18"

West parallel with the North line of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼)
of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3 a distance of 110
feet; thence North 2°09'42" West a distance of 210 feet; thence
North 87°50'18" East parallel with the said North line a distance

of 110 feet to the true point of beginning. Containing .548 acres
more or less.

COMMITTEE REPORT
Tavern Zone

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Child Welfare
Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Inspection of Taxis
& Public Vehicles

PROPERTY FOR SWIMMING
POOLS

Clark County Fair &
Recreation Board
A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and being a
portion of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 31, Town-
ship 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., and being more part-
icularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southeast corner of Lot 173, Block 10 of
Hyde Park No. 1 as shown by map thereof on file in Book 3 of
Plats, page 56 as Document 389195 recorded August 16, 1952 in
the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada; thence
South 89°46'33" East parallel with the South line of the Southeast
One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 61 East,
a distance of 1089.19 feet to the Northeast corner of that certain
parcel of land conveyed by the Las Vegas Valley Water District of
Nevada to the City of Las Vegas and as described in Parcel 1 by
Document 89555 in Book 108 of Official Records recorded September
21, 1956 in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County,

Nevada; thence South 0°45'44" East along the East line thereof
a distance of 212.81 feet; thence North 88°52'16" West a distance
of 152.00 feet to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING; thence South 1007*44"
West a distance of 16 feet; thence North 88°52'16" West a distance
of 40 feet; thence North 1°07'44" East a distance of 16 feet; thence
North 88°52'16" West a distance of 170 feet; thence North lo07'44"

East a distance of 110 feet; thence South 88°52'16" East a dis-
tance of 210 feet; thence South 1°07'44" West a distance of 110
feet to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING. Containing .545 acres more
or less.

The rent to be charged the County of Clark shall be One Dollar ($1.00)
per year, and the term of such lease shall be for thirty (30) years with
an option to renew for an additional term of ten (10) years.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a public meeting of the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas shall be held on the 6th day of Novem-
ber, 1957, at which meeting objections to the entering into the proposed
lease may be made by the electors of the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the following notice, to-wit:

NOTICE OF PUBLIC MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a public meeting will be held by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, on Wednesday, the 6th
day of November, 1957, at the Council Chambers, City Hall, 400 Stewart
Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, at which time the Board will consider the
adoption of a resolution authorizing the Board to enter into a lease
for a period of thirty (30) years with Clark County, for certain land
as described in a resolution passed by the Board of Commissioners on
October 2, 1957. If said resolution is adopted, the City will lease
the said land to Clark County for recreational purposes as provided
in Chapter 383, Laws of Nevada, 1954-1955, as amended.

All persons interested are hereby notified to appear at the time
and place above mentioned.

DATED:	October 2________, 1957

City Clerk

be published in a newspaper of general circulation published in the
City of Las Vegas, and such notice shall be published not less than
twice, on successive days, the last publication to be not less than
seven (7) days before the date of the said public meeting.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and the Clerk of the
Board of Commissioners is hereby authorized and directed to publish
the said notice in the Las Vegas Sun, a newspaper of general circula-
tion in Clark County, Nevada.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 2nd day of October, 1957.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	C. D. Baker_______________

MAYOR

Shirley Lodwick________

CITY CLERK

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the adoption of the following resolution setting
the public hearing on the exchange of property with the Clark County
School District November 6, 1957 at 8:00 P.M.

EXCHANGE OF PROPERTY
School District
WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas and the
Clark County School District are both desirous of exchanging unused real
property belonging to both parties; and

WHEREAS, the properties to be exchanged have been appraised and
if such exchange is approved, Clark County School District will pay to
the City of Las Vegas the sum of $22,505.20 in cash, representing the
difference in the appraised value of the respective properties conveyed.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS that:

The Board hereby declares its intention to exchange the hereinafter
described property with the Clark County School District.

The property is described as follows:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a
portion of the Northeast Quarter (NE¼) of Section 30, Township 20
South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., and being more particularly des-
cribed as follows, to-wit:

The West Half (W½) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of the Northeast
Quarter (NE¼) of Section 30, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.

D.B. & M., save and except the Southerly 40 feet thereof for street
purposes. Containing 19.65 acres more or less.

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the
Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 31, Township 20 South, Range
61 East, M.D.B. & M., and being more particularly described as fol-
lows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southeast corner of Lot 1753, Block 10 of Hyde Park
No. 1 as shown by map thereof on file in Book 3 of Plats, Page 56, as
Document 389195, recorded August 16, 1952 in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; thence South 89°45'33" East parallel
with the South line of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Section 31, Town-
ship 20 South, Range 61 East, a distance of 1089.19 feet to the North-
east corner of that certain parcel of land conveyed by the Las Vegas
Valley Water District of Nevada, to the City of Las Vegas, as described
in Parcel 1 by Document 89555 in Book 108 of Official Records, re-
corded September 21, 1956 in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark
County, Nevada, thence South 0°45'44" East along the East line thereof
a distance of 212.81 feet to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING; thence con-
tinuing South 0°45'44" East along the said East line a distance of
609.84 feet; thence North 88052'16" West a distance of 478.63 feet;
thence along a tangent curve to the left with a radius of 120.0 feet,
through an angle of 10°13'39" an arc length of 21.43 feet; thence
North 0°45'44" West parallel with the East line of Hyde Park no. 1
aforementioned a distance of 611.75 feet; thence South 88°52'16" East
a distance of 308.00 feet; thence South 1°07'44" West a distance of
16 feet; thence South 88°52'16" East a distance of 40.0 feet; thence
North 1007'44" East a distance of 16.0 feet; thence South 88052'16"

East a distance of 152.00 feet to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING. Con-
taining 6.983 acres, more or less.

Reserving unto the Grantor, the southerly 40 feet and the easterly
40 feet thereof for street purposes.

The City of Las Vegas will receive from said exchange, the following
described property:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and being a portion
of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼)
of Section 3, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., and being
more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Northwest corner of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼)
of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3, Township 21 South,
Range 61 East; thence South 0°55'59" West along the West line of the
Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of
Section 3 a distance of 40.05 feet; thence North 87°50'18" East para-
llel with and distant 40 feet South at right angles to the North line
of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼)
of Section 3, a distance of 22.39 feet to the Northwest corner of
that certain parcel of land conveyed by Jessie Hunt to the Clark
County School District as described in Document No. 104137 of Book
126 of Official Records, recorded April 4, 1957 in the Office of
the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, the TRUE POINT OF BE-
GINNING; thence continuing North 87°50'18" East parallel with and
distant 40 feet South at right angles to the aforementioned North
line a distance of 471.97 feet to the Northeast corner thereof;
thence continuing North 87°50'18" East parallel with said North line
a distance of 18.66 feet; thence South 2°09'42" East a distance of
50 feet; thence South 87°50'16" West a distance of 16 feet; thence South
2°09'42" East a distance of 368.96 feet; thence South 87050'18" West
parallel with the said North line of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼)
of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3, a distance of 523.05
feet to the South west comer of the above mentioned parcel of land
conveyed by Jessie Hunt to the Clark County School District; thence
North 0°55'59" East parallel with the West line of the Southeast One-
Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3 a dis-
tance of 600.50 feet to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING, containing 6.995
acres more or less.

The consideration which will be received by the City of Las Vegas
shall be $22,505.20 in cash to be paid by the Clark County School District.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a public meeting of the Board of Commis-
sioners shall be held on the 6th day of November, 1957, at which meeting
objections to the entering into of the proposed exchange of properties may
be made by the electors of the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the following notice, to-wit:

NOTICE OF PUBLIC MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a public meeting will be held by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on Wednesday, the 6th day of Nov-
ember, 1957, at the Council Chambers, City Hall, 400 Stewart Street, Las
Vegas, Nevada, at which time the Board will consider the adoption of a reso-
lution authorizing the Board to exchange certain real properties with the
Clark County School District, the descriptions of which are contained in a
resolution adopted by the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held
October 2, 1957. If said resolution is adopted, the City will exchange
land owned by it, for land owned by the Clark County School District, and
the City in addition will receive cash in the amount of $22,505.20, which
represents the difference in the appraised value of the two properties to
be exchanged.

All persons interested are hereby notified to appear at the time and
place above mentioned.

DATED:	October 2 1957.

CITY CLERK

be published in a newspaper of general circulation, published in the City
of Las Vegas, and such notice shall be published not less than twice on
successive days, the last publication to be not less than seven (7)
days before the day of the said public meeting.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners is hereby authorized and directed to publish the said
notice in the Las Vegas Sun, a newspaper of general circulation in Clark
County, Nevada.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 2nd day of October, 1957.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	______C. D. Baker_______________

MAYOR

_____Shirley Lodwick___________

CITY CLERK

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Eagles Lodge for per-
mission to purchase 214 lots in Woodlawn Cemetery. Mr. Kennedy advised
the Commission that he had submitted a letter to the Eagles at their re-
quest, outlining provisions of the agreement existing between the City
of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Jewish Community Center, and that the
Eagles were interested in a similar arrangement.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an
agreement between the City of Las Vegas and the Eagles Lodge for the pur-
chase of 214 lots in Woodlawn Cemetery, the agreement to be similar to
that presently existing between the City of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas
Jewish Community Center.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

EAGLES LODGE
Purchase of
Cemetery Lots
Mr. Kennedy presented a requisition to the U. S. Masonry Construction
Company in the amount of $3,446.75 to construct concrete block retaining
walls around the East Charleston Fire Station, West Charleston Fire Sta-
tion and the Westside Fire Station on Bonanza Road. The City Manager ad-
vised the Commission that three bids had been secured on this work; one
from Wyness in the amount of $4,950.00 and the other from E. M. Kaufield
in the amount of $7,000.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8640 to U.S.
Masonry Construction Company in the total amount of $3,446.75 for re-
taining walls at the three fire stations be approved and the purchase
order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance is $855,981.40
with the gross payroll of $98,080.38 and service and material warrants
in the total amount of $73,645.32. Mr. Kennedy stated that is a disburse-
ment of $16,244.83 from the Bond Fund for the sewer plant, and a refund
of a gaming license paid in error to the City in the amount of $50.25.

Mr. Kennedy requested that Mayor Baker be authorized to sign a letter ad-
dressed to Herman G. Pope, Executive Director of the Public Administra-
tion Service, accepting their proposal to conduct a personnel survey in
an amount not to exceed $3,000.00, the study to commence approximately
November 1, 1957 and the report will be made approximately January 1, 1958.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the letter to
the Public Administration Service.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy reported that the Engineering Department has re-run the es-
timates on Assessment District No. 100-35 to include the improvement of
the alleys in this district, and the estimated cost is still approximately
$25.00 per front foot. The Commission expressed approval of the idea of
including alleys in the assessment district.

The City Manager advised the Board that P & C Construction Co., the con-
tractor for the remodeling of Stage I of City Hall had been contacted to
remodel the lobby of City Hall by installing aluminum doors in the center,
blocking up the other and putting in windows, and had agreed to do this
work at a cost of $2,150.15. Mr. Kennedy further reported that the alcove
in the west wing could be blocked in to be used as an office at a future
date at a cost of $555.79. The City Manager recommended that this work
be authorized so that all alterations would be completed prior to having
the outside of the building painted.

Commissioner Sharp moved this work be authorized and a Change Order to
P & C Construction Company in the total amount of $2,705.94 approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy reported there have been requests for the installation of
sidewalks, curbs and gutters on Sunrise Street from 25th Street to 26th
Street and on 26th Street from Sunrise Street south to the alley inter-
section. The City Manager advised the Commission that the Engineering
Department is working on this request.

At this time the Commission considered reports that beer has been sold
to a minor at the El Charro Cafe, and also that employees have been per-
mitted to work prior to registering with the Police Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Manuel Garcia, owner of the El Charro Cafe,
416 West Bonanza be notified to appear at the next regular meeting on
October 16, 1957 to show cause why his Restaurant Beverage license should
not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy made a report at this time on the fertilizer that is
being used on the Golf Course. Mr. Kennedy stated that this fertilizer
which apparently is too strong and has burned out some of the greens has
been checked by the Engineering Department, and it does meet the specifi-
cations of the bid. Mr. Kennedy stated that the firm that supplied the
fertilizer is being contacted to see if it can be exchanged for a finer
grind that can be used on the Golf Course greens.

RETAINING WALLS
Fire Stations

GENERAL FUND
BALANCE

PERSONNEL SURVEY
Public Administration
Service

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-35
Alley Improvement

CITY HALL REMODELING
Change Order

SUNRISE STREET
IMPROVEMENT

LIQUOR LICENSE
Show Cause Order

El Charro Cafe
FERTILIZER REPORT
The City Manager requested authorization for the Mayor to sign a letter
to the Federal Bureau of Prisoners giving them the required thirty days
notice that the cost for the care of Federal prisoners will be increased
from $2.00 per day per prisoner to $4.00. Mr. Kennedy advised the Com-
mission that these prisoners cannot be kept at $2.00 per day.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor be authorized to sign a letter to
the Federal Bureau of Prisoners giving thirty days notice of the in-
crease in cost for care of Federal prisoners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has learned that the City of Las
Vegas has attained the best record in the United States for cities of
comparable size in traffic safety; and

WHEREAS, traffic enforcement is only a part of the duties of the
Police Department of the City of Las Vegas which has received favor-
able public comment; and

WHEREAS, the speedy apprehension of criminals by the Police Depart-
ment of the City of Las Vegas has received much favorable public com-
ment; and

WHEREAS, the officers and members of the Las Vegas Police Depart-
ment have been carrying out all their assigned duties in a manner con-
sistent with the finest examples of police function anywhere; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas to express publicly its appreciation to the Las Vegas Police
Department as a whole, and to Chief R. K. Sheffer for a job "well done",

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas that the Board does hereby express its gratitude to and
publicly commends Chief R. K. Sheffer, personally and the officers and
members individually of the Las Vegas Police Department for their fine
record in performing their police functions; for their loyalty and de-
votion to duty; for their public service to the citizens of the City of
Las Vegas; and for their confidence and pride in their department,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution be entered upon the
official records of the City of Las Vegas,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a duly certified copy of this resolution
be forthwith transmitted to the Las Vegas Police Department and to Chief
R. K. Sheffer, personally.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 2nd day of October, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Clerk read the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve Unit has served in
cooperation with and has rendered assistance to the regular Las Vegas
Police Department in times of need; and

WHEREAS, in the year 1956, the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve
Unit worked a total of 4,825 hours in cooperation with the Las Vegas
Police Department; and

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve Unit has at all
times when requested served willingly and effectively in handling the
various duties assigned to them; and

WHEREAS, the members of the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve Unit
has devoted many hours of their own time in training programs within
their own Club; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas to express publicly its appreciation and commendation to
the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve Unit,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 2nd day

FEDERAL PRISONERS
Care Contract



RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION -

Police Department

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION
Police Reserve
Unit


of October, 1957, that the Board does hereby express its gratitude to
and publicly commends Captain Harry Leonard, Commander, his staff of-
ficers, and the personnel of the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve
Unit for their willing and devoted service to the City of Las Vegas;
for their fine records in performing their police functions; for their
loyalty and devotion to duty; and for their confidence and pride in
their unit,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that this resolution be entered upon the
official records of the City of Las Vegas,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a duly certified copy of this resolu-
tion be forthwith transmitted to the Las Vegas Police Department Re-
serve Unit.

DATED:	October 2, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be authorized to attend the
City Manager Convention in Washington, D. C. October 20th through 26th,
1957, with expenses of $500.00 allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Board of Commissioners go on record as
being in favor of the extension of service of Bonanza Airlines permitting
stops at St. George and Kanab, Utah.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time Mayor Baker left the meeting.

Mr. Lou Maynard appeared before the Commission at this time speaking on
behalf of the property owners in the Biltmore Addition #1 and #2 and re-
quested the installation of sidewalks on North 2nd Street from Bonanza
to Mesquite.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred to the City Manager for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REAPL ORDINANCE NO. 731; REGULATING

AND CONTROLLING THE POSTING OF RATES OF HOTELS, INNS, MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS
AND BOARDING AND LODGING HOUSES WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; TO REGULATE
AND CONTROL THE POSTING AND MAINTAINING OF OUTSIDE ADVERTISING SIGNS OF
MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS, HOTELS, AND LIKE ESTABLISHMENTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RELATED THERETO,
was read by title and referred to Commissioner Sharp for recommendation.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, at the hour
of 10:00 P.M. Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:	

City Clerk	Mayor

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
City Manager

EXTENSION OF AIR
SERVICE

Bonanza Airlines

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION
Request



PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Hotel - Motel
Advertising Signs
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

October 9, 1958

TO:	SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 9th day of October, 1957, at
the hour of 7:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Proposed Ordinance - Amendment to Hotel-Motel Outdoor Advertising

2.	Sewage Treatment Plant - Request of Lembke, Clough & King for extension of time.

3.	Appointments to Civil Service Board of Trustees.

4.	Proposed Civil Service Rules & Regulations.

5.	Appointments to Urban Renewal Area advisory Committee.	s/ C.D. BAKER

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commis-

sioners and A.H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R.F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON,
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker
a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the
Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on the 9th day of October, 1957, at the hour or
7:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Proposed Ordinance - Amendment to Hotel-Motel Outdoor Advertising

2.	Sewage Treatment Plant - Request of Lembke, Clough & King for extension of time.

3.	Appointments to Civll Service Board of Trustees

4.	Proposed Civil Service Rules & Regulations.

5.	Appointments to Urban Renewal Area Advisory Committee.

s/ SHIRLEY LODWICK
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant and City Attor-
ney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

s/	C.D.	BAKER	s/	HARRIS P. SHARP

s/	REED	WHIPPLE	s/	RALSTON O. HAWKINS

s/	WENDELL BUNKER	s/	R.F. BOOS

s/	E.W.	FOUNTAIN	s/	S.H. KENNEDY

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 9, 1957

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 9th day of October, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	  Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Asst. City Attorney	Ralson O. Hawkins

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Also present were the following members of the Civil Service Board of Trustees:

Don Ashworth
Charles Lee Horsey, Jr.

George Knipp
S. Grant Stewart

City Manager Kennedy presented another request from Lembke, Clough & King, contractors
for the construction of the new Sewage Treatment Plant for an extension of time. Mr.
Kennedy advised the Commission that the Contractor was granted a thirty (30) day exten-
sion to October 13th at a regular meeting of the Board held September 4, 1957. Mr.
Kennedy stated that the Consulting Engineers, Headman, Ferguson and Carollo would con-
tinue in their capacity on this project without additional charge until the 1st of
November. The City Manager further advised that the manner in which this construction
is proceeding, the plant will not be completed before the 1st of December, 1957*

Commissioner Fountain moved that Lembke, Clough & King be granted an extension of time
for completion of the Sewage Treatment Plant until November 1, 1957, and they be
notified in writing that if additional time for completion is required that they will
have to pay the cost for the services of the Consulting Engineers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the two vacancies on the Civil Service Board of Trustees
caused by the expiration of the terms of Dr. Richard Laub and S. Grant Stewart, who
are unable to accept reappointment.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Ralph Denton be appointed to replace Dr. Laub and F.R.
MacDonald be appointed to replace S. Grant Stewart as trustees of the Civil Service
Board of Trustees for a period of four (4) years, said terms to expire June 30, 1961

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Extension of Time

CIVIL SERVICE BOARD
Appointments
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CIVIL SERVICE BOARD        Mayor Baker announced that the Commission regretted the fact that Grant Stewart

and Dr. Laub were unable to serve any longer as members of the Civil Service Board
of Trustees, due to the press of personal business. His Honor commended these
gentlemen for the fine work they have done as members of the Board, and expressed
the sincere Appreciation of the Commission for this service.

His Honor also expressed appreciation for the work performed by the Civil Service
Board in conducting hearings on terminations that have been appealed by the em-
ployees. The Mayor indicated that the decisions made by the Civil Service Board
have been in the best interest of the public, and elaborated that the City Com-
mission and members of the Civil Service Board are all working toward one thing—
the efficient operation of the City government. The Mayor asked Don Ashworth,
Chairman of the Civil Service Board for his comments.

Mr. Ashworth stated that Civil Service for all City employees was instigated in
1951, and at that time the biggest job was to compile and adopt Civil Service
Rules and Regulations. He stated that this was accomplished by reviewing rules
and regulations of other cities under civil service of comparable size. Mr.

Ashworth stated that the Civil Service Board was aware of the fact that there
were many fallacies in the original rules and regulations and that amendments
would have to be made from time to time. He stated that of the original Board,
three members still remain, namely Mr. Horsey, Mr. Knipp and himself. Mr.

Ashworth advised the Commission that the Civil Service Trustees have worked har-
moniously and have unanimously agreed in all decisions. He then gave a brief
resume of the number and type of hearings held by the Civil Service Board from
1951 to the present time.

At this time Dr. Richard Laub arrived at the meeting.

Mr. Ashworth continued that his Board is aware of the problems involved in a
business that employs over 500 people. He stated that he had read in the
newspaper that the Commission is considering a personnel survey and a re-evalua-
tion of the wage scale. Mr. Ashworth said that the members of the Civil Ser-
vice Board feel that there is a great need for a strong Personnel Department
and a more careful screening of applicants seeking employment with the City.

He gave an example of a private industry that brought in a group of efficiency
experts and spent a considerable sum of money to go over the operation of the
business. He explained that these experts spent between a year and a year and
a half testing the jobs, and when the report was completed it was found that
there were numerous instances where the work was being duplicated by the em-
ployees. Mr. Ashworth expressed the need of the City for a strong Personnel
Department head, a person that is well-trained in this field.

Mr. Horsey also commented on the need for a trained person to head the Personnel
Department. He spoke on the "Efficiency Reports" that are turned in by the De-
partment Heads on the employees and stated that they would more properly be called
"Performance Reports". Mr. Horsey said that apparently insufficient time is being
spent in the preparation of these reports, since it is very seldom that an employee
receives a rating less than "satisfactory". Mr. Horsey stated that he felt that
City employees should not be permitted to gamble since this provides an oppor-
tunity for the person to be bribed.

Mr. Stewart stated that he felt there is a personnel problem in that approximately
75% of those employed by the City are hired before they have taken an examination
for the position. He agreed that there should be someone employed as head of the
Personnel Department who can take care of the hiring for the City instead of the
Individual Department Heads, and that way better qualified employees can be se-
cured.

Mr. Knipp asked if there were any figures on the cost to the City of hiring an
employee. He was advised the Commission that when he worked for a gasoline com-
pany it was determined that the initial amount invested in an individual when em-
ployed was $725.00. He further suggested that it would be a wise thing if pros-
pective employees were investigated insofar as their credit rating is concerned.

City Manager Kennedy advised the group that certain steps have been taken to correct
the problems known to exist. He stated that five months ago a change was made wherein
all hiring before an examination is taken must be approved by the City Manager's of-
fice. Mr. Kennedy explained that in certain departments examinations could not be
given fast enough to meet the need for employees. He agreed with the suggestion
that there should be someone hired to head the Personnel Department who is specially
trained in this field.

Mr. Kennedy explained that the average length of service of a City employee for the
city of Las Vegas is four years and one month; in the Police Department it is three
years and one month. He pointed out that in the Street Department the average is
twelve years.

Mr. Kennedy presented monthly reports that are prepared by the Personnel Department
which show the exact number of terminations, temporary appointments, re-employment,
and transfers by departments as well as the overall total.

Mr. Ashworth commented that the labor market is not as acute at this time as it was
several years ago, and he believes that the departments are running a little more
smoothly than they were two or three years ago. He also explained that the comments
made at this meeting are not in the form of criticism, but are suggestions of the
Civil Service Board to be of assistance to the City.

Mr. Kennedy likewise stated that the City was not criticizing the Civil Service Board
but that there are certain things that have to be straightened out. The City Manager
at this time discussed the "Efficiency Ratings".

Mayor Baker stated that there should be a better relationship between the Personnel
Department and Department Heads of the City, and the Personnel Department should work
more closely with the City Manager.
The Commission thanked the members of the Civil Service Board for being present, and
suggested that the two groups should meet more often for discussion. They again ex-
pressed their appreciation to Dr. Laub and Mr. Stewart for their fine service on the
Civil Service Board, and the members of the Civil Service Board left the meeting.

Commissioner Sharp reported favorably on the proposed ordinance to repeal Ordinance No.
731 concerning outdoor advertising signs for hotels and motels, with the following
amendments:

1.	In Section 3 insert the words "weekly rates" after the
phrase "Low rates".

2.	In Section 6, second paragraph, define the seasons speci-
fically as to date.

3.	In Section 9, include the repeal of Ordinance No. 731.

Thereafter, an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 731; REGULAT-

ING AND CONTROLLING THE POSTING OF RATES OF MOTELS, INNS, MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS AND
BOARDING AND LODGING HOUSES WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; TO REGULATE AND CONTROL THE
POSTING AND MAINTAINING OF OUTSIDE ADVERTISING SIGNS OF MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS, HOTELS,
AND LIKE ESTABLISHMENTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS RELATED THERETO, was read to the Board as amended.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 748 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the appointment of the members of the Urban
Renewal Area Advisory Committee.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following persons be appointed on the Urban Renewal
Area Advisory Committee:

Dr. Charles I. West
Mr. J. David Hoggard
Mr. William Bailey
Mr. Henry Moore
Mr. Julius Marion
Rev. J. G. Gilmore
Mrs. James B. McMillan

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There betin no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meeting ad-
journed at the hour of 9:30 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
October 16, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this l6th day of October, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:50 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

.City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

This being the time heretofore set for Mr. Manuel I. Garcia to appear before the
Board to show cause why his Restaurant Beverage license for the El Charro Cafe,

4l6 West Bonanza should not be revoked for permitting the sale of beer to a minor
and allowing employees to work in his establishment without being registered with
the Police Department, His Honor asked for a report from Chief of Police Ray K.

Sheffer.

Chief Sheffer advised the Commission that on September 14, 1957 a twenty year old
man was served beer by a waitress who was not registered with the Police Depart-
ment. On September l6th Mr. Garcia was contacted by Sgt. Compton and advised of
the violation. Chief Sheffer continued that on September 18th the establishment
was checked and it was found that the waiter on duty was not registered, at which
time he was arrested and pled guilty to the charge.

ORDINANCE NO. 748
Hotel-Motel Outdoor
Advertising

URBAN RENEWAL AREA
ADVISORY COMMITTEE

Appointment of
Members





SHOW CAUSE HEARING
El Charro Cafe

License Suspended
Mr. Garcia appeared before the Board and explained that the twenty year old who was
served beer in his establishment had previously shown identification indicating
that he was twenty-one. Mr. Garcia stated that the minor had shown him a draft
card and Air Force identification under a different name than when he was picked
up. Mr. Garcia advised that it was his sister-in-law who had served the airman,
and she was instructed by the Police Department to chose the cafe immediately,
which she did. He continued that Sgt. Compton had contacted him on the follow-
ing Monday and given him instructions to have his employees registered, at which
time he was told that the cook would not have to be registered if he did not
serve the customers. Mr. Garcia explained that the cook was the only employee
left in his restaurant while the others went to register at the Police Depart-
ment, and during that time one of the customers asked for a bottle of beer with
his meal and was served.

The Commission asked Mr. Garcia if he was employed, and he stated that he worked
from 4:00 P.M. until 12:00 midnight at Nellis Air Base.

Commissioner Fountain asked Mr. Garcia if he recalled the incident 60 to 90 days
ago when he called the Police Department at night to remove two small girls from
his cafe, and that he had personally been notified that there were to be no mi-
nors allowed unescorted in his establishment.

Mr. Garcia was questioned about the sign over his cafe that states "Bonanza Bar",
and advised it should be removed. Mr. Garcia stated that the sign belonged to Mr.
Ray Salmon and he had asked him to take it down.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Restaurant Beverage license of Manuel Garcia
at the El Charro Cafe, 4l6 West Bonanza be suspended for thirty days and Mr. Garcia
advised to familiarize himself with the rules and regulations of the liquor ordi-
nances and the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the appeal filed by Betsy Gray of the denial of her ap-
plication for a variance to operate a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston, in
an R-E zone.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on the appeal of the denial of the
Variance for a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston be held November 6, 1957 at
the hour of 8:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the request of the First Church of Christ, Scientist
for an extension of time on their variance approved November 2, 1955; to build
an addition to their church to the rear property line and to within five (5) feet
of the side property line on Lots 29 and 30, Block 6, Wardie Addition (630 Bridger
Street).

Commissioner Bunker moved the First Church of Christ, Scientist be granted an ex-
tension of six (6) months until April 16, 1958 on Variance V-37-55.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time the Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commis-
sion on the petition for the vacation of a portion of North A Street, being the
half block northerly from the intersection of North "A" Street and Bonanza Road.
Planning Director Bills advised the Board that the Planning Commission recommends
that this portion of North "A" Street be vacated.

Commissioner Bunker moved a public hearing on the petition for the vacation of a
portion of North "A" Street be held on November 20, 1957 at the hour of 8:00 P.M.,
and the notice of said hearing posted as required by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the property owners who have not installed side-
walks on 5th Street between McWilliams Avenue and the intersection of South Main
Street are being personally contacted relative to why they have not constructed
sidewalks in front of their property. Mr. Kennedy requested that this matter ;be
continued until the next regular meeting on November 6, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Bid No. 57.37 for the construction of restrooms at
Lions Club Park be awarded to the low bidder, P & C Construction Co. in the total
amount of $4,$73.00 as recommended by the Engineering Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission was advised that plans, specifications and estimates of cost for the
installation of curbs, gutters and the paving of East Charleston from 15th Street
to Fremont Street and the paving of the alleys in locations where alleys have been
dedicated have been filed with the City Clerk.

The City Attorney advised the Commission he is awaiting an opinion,from the Bond-
ing Attorneys relative to the inclusion of the improvement of alleys in this dis-
trict. Thereafter further action was continued pending the receipt of this infor-
mation.

The Commission considered the deed from T. Gay and Agnes Myers, and Byron O. and

Luella O. Thornton for a thirty foot right-of-way on North 4th Street lying north
and south of Adams Avenue.

VARIANCE - V-ll-57
Appeal

Public Hearing Set

VARIANCE - V-37-55
Christian Science
Church

Extension of Time

PETITION FOR
VACATION OF
NORTH "A" STREET

Public Hearing Set

SIDEWALK INSTALLA-
TION

5th Street

BID NO. 57.37
Lions Club Park
Restroom

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-35

Plans & Estimates of
Cost Filed

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPT-
ING R/W DEEDS
North 4th Street
On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED



On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16 day of October, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 1 day of October, 1957; executed by T. Gay Myers and Agnes Walker Myers; Byron

0.	Thornton and Luella B. Thornton, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Edward G.& Clara E. Ryan for
8.40 feet of right-of-way for North 4th Street, north of Adams Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l6 day of October, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
3 day of June, 1957; executed by Edward G. Ryan and Clara E. Ryan to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of Streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

The Board considered the quitclaim deed from George and Catherine Newell for 8.40
feet of right-of-way for North 4th Street north of Adams Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16 day of October, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 3 day of June, 1957; executed by George Newell and Catherine Newell, to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of Streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from George L. and Opal R. Bach for
8.40 feet of right-of-way for North 4th Street north of Adams Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple , and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16 day of October, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 3 day of June, 1957; executed by George L. Bach and Opal R. Bach to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property de-
scribed therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of Streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution filed in the records of
this Board.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Adelheid Hammer for 1.04 feet
of right-of-way for North 4th Street north of Adams Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

Myers & Thornton

E.G.& C.E. Ryan



George & Catherine
Newell

George & Opal Bach
Adelheid Hammer
BE IT RESOLVED, this 16 day of October, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 29 day of May, 1957; executed by Adelheid Hammer to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of Streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for Charitable Solicitation
Permits as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

ASSEMBLY BIBLE CHURCH

VEGAS VALLEY BUSINESS & PROFESSIONAL WOMEN'S CLUB
UNITED FUND OF CLARK COUNTY, INC.

NEW JERUSALEM BAPTIST CHURCH

CLARK COUNTY ASSN. FOR RETARDED CHILDREN

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of J.J. Parker for an additional gam-
ing license for one Pinball Machine with a cash pay-off chute at Mike's Liquor
Store, 112 South 1st Street be approved and the Supervisor of License and Reve-
nue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Orlin C. Loveland for a license for
the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products at the Country Fair Market,

25th and Bonanza be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue author-
ized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of Orlin C. Loveland for a Retail Bever-
age license at the Country Fair Market, 25th and Bonanza. The City Manager ad-
vised the Commission that the report from the Police Department is favorable.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Orlin C. Loveland for a Retail
Beverage license at the Country Fair, 25th and Bonanza be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of Lorenzo E. Carro for a Restaurant
Beverage license at Larry's Italian Restaurant, 2008 E. Charleston. City Manager
Kennedy advised the Commission that this license is presently issued to Harriet
Cicchetti doing business as Rocco's, and the Police investigation of Mr. Carro
is favorable.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Lorenzo E. Carro for a Restaurant
Beverage license at Larry's Italian Restaurant, 2008 E. Charleston be approved
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the claim of Frank W. Stone for damage to his property at
l6l4 Lewis, reportedly caused by stoppage of the City's sewer line on August 24,

1957 the amount of $95.00.

Commissioners Fountain moved the claim of Frank Stone for damages in the amount
or $95.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the claim of Willie Joiner for personal injuries re-
portedly caused by a Police Officer on July l4, 1957; in the amount of $20,000.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved the claim of Willie Joiner for damages in the amount of
$20,000.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 14398 thru 14928 in the net
amount of $74,698.85, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

CHARITABLE SOLICI-
TATION PERMITS
Approved



GAMING LICENSE
Additional

CIGARETTE LICENSE
New



LIQUOR LICENSE
New

Country Fair



LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner &
Name of Business

Larry's,Restaurant

CLAIMS FOR DAMAGE
Frank W. Stone

Willie Joiner

PAYROLL WARRANTS
Commissioner Fountain moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 13772 through 13899
in the total amount of $119,111.96 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of October 2, 1957 he approved by reference
and theMayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Attorney Cannon discussed with the Commission the proposal to amend the Plan-
ning and Zoning Ordinance relating to regulating the size of accessory buildings
in R-E zones. Mr. Cannon asked what sort of formula the Board would like to use
to stipulate the maximum size of this type of construction.

It was the determination of the Board that this matter should be referred to the
Planning Commission for recommendation.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on whether or not
the tavern zone should be extended made the following report at this time:

1.	Ordinance 733 should be amended so that taverns may be maintained

on both sides of Charleston Boulevard commencing at the intersec-
tion of East Charleston and Fremont Street and extending westerly
along Charleston Boulevard a distance of 1000 feet, instead of 203
feet as indicated in this ordinance.

2.	That taverns may be permitted on South Main Street between the South
line of Charleston Boulevard and the intersection of South 5th and
South Main Street at S. Louis Avenue.

Commissioner Fountain, the other member of this committee concurred in this recom-
mendation.

Thereafter, an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE AMENDING SECTION V OF ORDINANCE

688 and SECTION I OF ORDINANCE 733 DEALING WITH THE SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS
BY PROVIDING THE LOCATION WHERE TAVERNS MAY BE MAINTAINED; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH,
was read by title and referred to Commissioners Bunker and Fountain for recom-
mendation.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCES 503, 529, AND 717 DEALING

WITH THE REGULATION AND LICENSING OF CHILD CARE FACILITIES WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; REPEALING ALL CONFLICTING ORDINANCES;

AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, having been reported
on favorably by Commissioner Whipple was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 749 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance for
inspection of taxis and public vehicles requested additional time before reporting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

1949, DEALING WITH THE REGULATION AND CONTROL OF VEHICLES AND TRAFFIC; BY PROVID-
ING FOR A BASIC SPEED LAW AND PRIMA FACIA SPEED LIMIT; REGULATIONS FOR ENTERING
AND EMERGING FROM AN ALLEY, DRIVEWAY OR BUILDING; PROCEDURE TO BE FOLLOWED IN CASE
OF AN ACCIDENT; REGULATIONS ON ENTERING INTERSECTIONS CONTROLLED BY YIELD RIGHT
OF WAY SIGNS; MARKING CURBS; STANDING IN PASSENGER CURB LOADING ZONES; AND TRAF-
FIC ON ONE-WAY STREETS: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AMENDING ORDINANCES 706,470: RE-
PEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, was read by
title and referred to Commissioner Whipple for recommendation.

Commissioner Bunker reported a hazardous condition on St. Louis Avenue between
6th Street and Maryland Parkway. Mr. Bunker stated that there is no place for
the children and other pedestrians to walk other than in the street.

City Manager Kennedy reported to the Commission that he has discussed this prob-
lem with R. Guild Gray, Superintendent of Schools, and has been advised by Mr.

Gray that the PTA is contacting Messrs. Royce Peterson & Jack Hassett and Mrs.

Jesse Hunt, property owners relative to securing the right-of-way. Mr. Kennedy
further stated that Mr. Gray had indicated that the School will possibly parti-
cipate in the installation of sidewalks in this area if the right-of-way is se-
cured.

Mr. Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance is $754,738.98 with the gross
payroll of $98,000.00 and Bond Fund expenditures of $317.66.

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had received a letter from Superintendent
of Schools R. Guild Gray in reply to his letter concerning the parking problem
at the Las Vegas High School. The City Manager stated that Mr. Gray advised
that the School recognizes the problem, but does not have the money at this time
to secure property for a parking lot.

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

ACCESSORY BUILDINGS

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Tavern Zone Extension



ORDINANCE NO. 749
Child Welfare

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Inspection of

Taxis & Public
Vehicles

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Traffic & Vehicle Code



ST. LOUIS STREET
SIDEWALKS

GENERAL FUND
BALANCE



SCHOOL PARKING &
TRAFFIC
Mr. Kennedy reported that the Calvary Lutheran Church owns property on Bruce
Street at the intersection of Harris Avenue, and are making arrangements to
build a church at this location. The City Manager reminded the Commission
that a Use Permit had been granted to the Church on September 4, 1957; and
an agreement has been signed for the installation of the off-site improvements.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the Church is requesting that the City forego the re-
quirement of a bond to cover these off-site improvements and accept the bond
that will be put up by the General Contractor for this construction.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of the Calvary Lutheran Church that
the bond requirement on Use Permit U-13-57 be waived, be approved providing the
General Contractor for the Church furnishes a completion bond to include the
installation of off-site improvements and furnishes a copy thereof to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager further presented the request of the Calvary Lutheran Church for
exchange of property for the realignment of Bruce Street in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Calvary Lutheran Church for ex-
change of property with the City for the realignment of Bruce Street at the in-
tersection of Harris Avenue be referred to the City Attorney, and the City Attor-
ney instructed to initiate whatever action in his opinion is legally proper to
accomplish the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented the purchase requisition from the Street Lighting De-
partment to the Win Ward Company for an aerial ladder. Mr. Kennedy stated that
this ladder replacement is required for the 1948 truck in this Department. He
explained that since this truck will be replaced in June of 1958 it was felt
that an aluminum ladder, which would cost approximately $4,000 would be an un-
necessary expense at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 9389 to the Win Ward
Company for an aerial ladder for the Street Lighting Department truck in the to-
tal amount of $1349.00 be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the proposed agreement with the U.S. Masonry Construction
Co. for the installation of concrete retaining walls around the East Charleston
Fire Station, West Charleston Fire Station and Westside Fire Station approved at
the last regular meeting of the Board on October 2, 1957. Mr. Kennedy re-
quested authorization for the Mayor to sign this agreement.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the agree-
ment with the U.S. Masonry Construction Company for the installation of retaining
walls at the Fire Stations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker
passed his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the request of the Union Pacific Railroad Company for
payment of $10,959.02 for the construction of the Owens Avenue Grade Crossing.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that this statement was pursuant to the agreement
approved by the Commission on April 17, 1957, at which time it was estimated that
the cost of this construction would be $8,860.00. The City Manager advised that
the difference between the actual cost and the estimated cost totals $2,099.02.

The Commission requested the City Attorney to investigate this matter and make a
recommendation at the next regular meeting.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that there is fifteen hundred tons of
sludge to be used on the Baseball Diamond that will have to be hauled from the
Sewage Disposal Plant. Mr. Kennedy stated that at the present time the City's
equipment is not available to do this hauling and requested permission to se-
cure informal bids from local truckers and issue a purchase order to the lowest
bidder since the work on the Baseball Park should commence immediately.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved and the City Manager authorized
to secure informal bids for the hauling of sludge from the Sewage Disposal Plant
to the Baseball Park, and issue a purchase order to the lowest bidder.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager reported that in regard to the City assisting the School District
in improving the Red Rock School Playground area, the School was unable to obtain
permission for a private contractor to haul gravel from the State Highway gravel
pit. After some discussion, the matter was continued until the next regular meet-
ing.

Mr. Joe Graydon appeared before the Commission to request an amendment to the ordi-
nance that prohibits public dance halls in the City. Mr. Graydon advised the Com-
mission that he is interested in leasing the Naval Armory Building on North
Street for the purpose of establishing a dance hall for teen-agers. Mr. Graydon
stated that in recent months he has held four such dances in the County and is
interested in starting such a business in the City, but has found that the City
ordinance will not permit it. He explained his proposed method of operation and
manner of policing and keeping order, and requested favorable action on his re-
quest for amendment of this ordinance.

USE PERMIT - U-13-57
Calvary Lutheran
Church

PURCHASE OF AERIAL
LADDER

St. Lighting Dept.

RETAINING WALLS
Fire Stations
Agreement

OWENS AVENUE GRADE
CROSSING

Request for Payment

BASEBALL DIAMOND
SLUDGE

RED ROCK SCHOOL
Improvement of
Playground Area

PUBLIC DANCE HALLS
Proposed Amendment
of Ordinance
Discussion was held and it was the concensus of the Board that this matter should
be referred to the Youth Advisory Council for their recommendation. Mr. Graydon
was advised that Bruce Trent, Superintendent of Recreation could make the neces-
sary arrangements for him to meet with the Youth Advisory Council.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 6, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 6th day of November, 1957 was called to order
at the hour of 7:40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent: Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

The Commission considered the application of Palm Mortuary doing bus-
iness as Desert Lawn, Inc. for a use permit to erect a mausoleum at
the rear of Palm Mortuary, 1325 North Main Street, in a C-2 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised that the Board of Adjustment had held
a public hearing on this application and there were no objections. He
stated that the original plan was to require an alley dedication and
improvement behind this property, but that was waived and not made
one of the conditions of approval.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Board that there were two points to
consider:

1)	Is the installation of a mausoleum incidental to the
operation of a mortuary? If not, it could not be per-
mitted in a C-2 zone.

2)	The Commission will have to take action to designate
this area as a burial ground, so that such use will be
permitted, or the written consent of the City Manager
given with approval of a majority vote of the Board of
Commissioners as required by Chapter 8 of the Code.

Mayor Baker announced there is a written protest to this use permit
received from Ray Wherritt who owns property adjacent to Palm Mortuary.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this
use permit, and the following persons appeared:

Mr. Harold Toll

Mr. John S. Cocagne - written objection presented by Mr. Toll
Mr. Howard W. Cannon

Mr. William Morse, attorney for Palm Mortuary appeared at this time
and requested favorable action on this application.

Discussion followed. The Mayor announced that this was the time set
for a public meeting on exchange of property with the School District,
and the matter was continued until later in the meeting.

This being the time heretofore set for a public meeting on the proposed
exchange of property between the City of Las Vegas and the Clark County
School District, Mayor Baker explained that this property to be granted
by the School is adjacent to the John C. Fremont School. In exchange

USE PERMIT - U-16-57
Palm Mortuary

EXCHANGE OF PROPERTY
Clark Co. School
District
the City will grant property in the Hyde Park area and the Golf Course
area in payment of $22,505.00 by the School District.

His Honor asked if there were any questions or objections to this ex-
change of property. None were voiced or filed.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has
held a public hearing considering the desirability of exchanging certain
real property with the Clark County School District; and

WHEREAS, notice of such hearing has been held in accordance with
Chapter 98, 1957 Laws of Nevada; and

WHEREAS, no objections to the proposed exchange have been entered
with the Board and the said exchange of property with the Clark County
School District will result in a better public use for the said land
than to have it remain in the possession of the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS that the City of Las Vegas agrees to exchange
with the Clark County School District that certain parcel of land des-
cribed as follows:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
being a portion of the Northeast Quarter (NE¼) of Section 30,
Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., and being more,
particularly described as follows, to-wit:

The West Half (W½) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) of the North-
east Quarter (NE¼) of Section 30, Township 20 South, Range 61
East, M.D.B. & M., save and except the Southerly 40 feet there-
of for street purposes. Containing 19.65 acres more or less.

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in
the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 31, Township 20
South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., and being more particularly
described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southeast corner of Lot 173, Block 10 of Hyde
Park No. 1 as shown by map thereof on file in Book 3 of Plats,

Page 56, as Document 389195, recorded August 16, 1952 in the
Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; thence
South 89°45'33" East parallel with the South line of the South-
east Quarter (SE¼) of Section 31, Township 20 South, Range 61
East, a distance of 1089.19 feet to the Northeast corner of
that certain parcel of land conveyed by the Las Vegas Valley
Water District of Nevada, to the City of Las Vegas, as described
in Parcel 1 by Document 89555 in Book 108 of Official Records,
recorded September 21, 1956 in the Office of the County Recorder,
Clark County, Nevada, thence South 0°45'44" East along the East
line thereof a distance of 212.81 feet to the TRUE POINT OF
BEGINNING; thence continuing South 0°45'44" East along the said
East line a distance of 609.84 feet; thence North 88°52'16" West
a distance of 478.63 feet; thence along a tangent curve to the
left with a radius of 120.0 feet, through an angle of 10°13'39"
an arc length of 21.43 feet; thence North 0°45'44" West parallel
with the East line of Hyde Park No. 1 aforementioned a distance
of 611.75 feet; thence South 88°52'16" East a distance of 320.75
feet; thence South 1°07'44" West a distance of 16 feet; thence
South 88°52'16" East a distance of 40.0 feet; thence North 1°07'44"
East a distance of 16.0 feet; thence South 88°52'16" East a dis-
tance of 139.25 feet to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING. Containing
6.983 acres, more or less.

Reserving unto the Grantor, the southerly 40 feet and the easterly
40 feet thereof for street purposes.

The City of Las Vegas will receive from said exchange, the following
described property:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and being a portion of
the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of
Section 3, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M., and being
more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Northwest corner of the Southeast One-Quarter
(SE¼) of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3, Township
21 South, Range 61 East; thence South 0°55'59" West along the
West line of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast
One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3 a distance of 40.05 feet; thence
North 87°50'18" East parallel with and distant 40 feet South at
right angles to the North line of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼)
of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3, a distance of
22.39 feet to the Northwest corner of that certain parcel of
land conveyed by Jessie Hunt to the Clark County School District
as described in Document No. 104137 of Book 126 of Official Re-
cords, recorded April 4, 1957 in the Office of the County Re-
corder of Clark County, Nevada, the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING;
thence continuing North 87°50'18" East parallel with and dis-
tant 40 feet South at right angles to the aforementioned North line
a distance of 471.97 feet to the Northeast corner thereof; thence
continuing North 87°50'18" East parallel with said North line a
distance of 18.66 feet; thence South 2°09'42" East a distance of
180.67 feet; thence North 87°50'18" East a distance of 16 feet;
thence South 2°09'42" East a distance of 60 feet; thence South
87°50'18" West a distance of 16 feet; thence South 2°09'42" East
a distance of 368.96 feet; thence South 87°50'18" West parallel
with the said North line of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of
the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3, a distance of 523.05
feet to the Southwest corner of the above mentioned parcel of land
conveyed by Jessie Hunt to the Clark County School District; thence
North 0°55'59" East parallel with the West line of the Southeast
One-Quarter (SE¼) of the Southeast One-Quarter (SE¼) of Section 3
a distance of 600.50 feet to the TRUE POINT OF BEGINNING, contain-
ing 6.995 acres more or less.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City shall receive, in addition to
the said land, the sum of $22,505.20 cash to be paid by the Clark County
School District.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor be and he hereby is author-
ized to execute the deed for the above described property owned by the
City, granting the same to the Clark County School District upon the
receipt of the said sum of $22,505.20.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

This being the time heretofore set for a public meeting on the proposed
lease of property to Clark County for the Clark County Fair & Recreation
Board for the construction of swimming pools, Mayor Baker explained that
this property was located at the John C. Fremont School and Hyde Park areas.

His Honor asked if there were any questions or objections to this lease of
property. None were voiced or filed.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has held
a public hearing on the desirability of leasing certain real property owned
by the City of Las Vegas to the County of Clark for use by the Clark County
Fair and Recreation Board; and

WHEREAS, all the requirements of Chapter 98, Laws of Nevada, 1957, have
been complied with; and

WHEREAS, there have been no protests, either oral or written, objecting
to the City entering into a lease for ninety-nine (99) years with the County
of Clark; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has determined that the said land
can be put to a greater public use by the County of Clark and the Clark
County Fair and Recreation Board, in accordance with their powers and
duties as prescribed by the law of the State of Nevada,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS that the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas be and he here-
by is authorized to enter into a lease with the County of Clark for a
term of ninety-nine (99) years and in accordance with all the terms and
conditions contained in that certain agreement dated the 6th day of
November, 1957, which has been examined and approved by all of the de-
partments concerned in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

A public hearing having been set on the appeal of Betsy Gray on the denial
of her application for variance to conduct a child care nursery at 3125
West Charleston, Mayor Baker announced that since Mrs. Gray has withdrawn
her request for hearing, no action would be taken on this matter.

LEASE OF PROPERTY
Clark County Fair
& Recreation Board

Resolution

VARIANCE - V-ll-57
Betsy Gray
Public Hearing on
Denial
The Commission again considered the application of Palm Mortuary for
a Use Permit to erect a mausoleum at 1325 North Main Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved that consideration of this Use Permit applica-
tion be held in abeyance until the next regular meeting on November 20,
1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to a petition for the vacation of a 40 foot strip
on the north and south sides of Charleston Boulevard from 15th Street to
the intersection with Fremont Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved this petition for vacation be referred to the
Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Works Engineer Uehling advised the Commission that the installation of
the sprinkler systems in Hyde Park Circle and the Baseball Diamond have
been completed and the notice of completion filed. Mr. Uehling recom-
mended that final payment of $2,685.75 be authorized to the contractor,
Nevada Lawn & Irrigation and the bonds released.

Commissioner Whipple moved the sprinkler systems in Hyde Park Circle and
the Baseball Diamond be accepted, final payment of $2,685.75 to Nevada
Lawn & Irrigation authorized and the bonds released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Discussion was held on the paving of the alleys dedicated in the East
Charleston Boulevard area from 15th to Fremont. The City Attorney ad-
vised the Board that the alleys could be included in the proposed assess-
ment district, however, it was the opinion of the Bonding Attorneys if
they are included, the assessments would have to be against property
abutting the alleys on both sides.

Mr. William Clark and Mr. Jimmy Crane were present and questioned the
estimated cost of this improvement.

These property owners were advised that it was estimated that the
alley paving would run approximately $4.35 per front foot. They were
also told that this amount was included in the original estimate of
the cost of the Assessment District, and the only difference is that
the alley paving will have to be paid in cash. Thereafter Messrs
Clark and Crane indicated that they had no objections to this improve-
ment.

Commissioner Sharp suggested that the Engineering Department contact
the property owners in the Assessment District to advise them of the
cost of the alley paving and determine whether they are willing to
participate in paving of the alley on a cash assessment district basis.

Consideration was given to the deed from the Clark County School Dis-
trict for 6.995 acres adjacent to the John C. Fremont School.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker,
and carried unanimously the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 10th day of October, 1957, executed
by Clark County School District and as recorded as Doc. #116706 in
Book 142, October 10, 1957 of Official Records to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
all public purposes, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be at-
tached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered the deed from Maybelle Davis for right-of-way for
30 feet on Pecos Drive.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

USE PERMIT - U-16-57
Palm Mortuary

PETITION FOR VACATION
Charleston Blvd.

HYDE PARK & BASEBALL
DIAMOND SPRINKLER
SYSTEMS

Final Payment

ALLEY IMPROVEMENT

Charleston Blvd.



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

John C. Fremont School
R/W - Pecos Drive
BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 24th day of October, 1957,
executed by Maybelle Davis to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of a
street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be
attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the deed from Maybelle Davis for 40 foot
right-of-way on Bonanza Road.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 24th day of October, 1957,
executed by Maybelle Davis to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of a
street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be at-
tached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the deed from Kenneth DeVos for 40 foot
right-of-way on Bonanza Road.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, that the deed dated the 25th day of October, 1957,
executed by Kenneth M. DeVos to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of a street;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be
attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered the deed from E. L. and Lillian Noble for 40
feet of right-of-way on Bonanza and 40 feet of right-of-way on
Noble Lane.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 28th day of October, 1957, ex-
ecuted by E. L. Noble and Lillian Noble to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property des-
cribed therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be
attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the deed from Sylvia Taub for 40 feet of
right-of-way on Bonanza Road.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 29th day of October, 1957, ex-
ecuted by Sylvia Taub to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be,
and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

R/W - Bonanza Road

R/W - Bonanza Road

R/W - Bonanza Road

and Noble Lane

R/W - Bonanza Road
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the deed from Jesse P. and Anna B. Thompson for
40 feet of right-of-way on Noble Lane.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed, dated the 28th day of October, 1957, executed by Jesse
Paul Thompson and Anna Biehl Thompson to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the deed from D. C. Ingram for 40 feet of
right-of-way for Bonanza Road.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 30th day of October, 1957, executed
by Douglas C. Ingram to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the application of E. D. Katz to move a gar-
age from 631 South 6th Street to 1109 Vernon. The Building Department
recommended this application be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that E. D. Katz be granted permission to move
a garage from 631 South 6th Street to 1109 Vernon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The request of U. S. Highway 66 Association of Nevada for adoption of
a resolution requesting that where the new Interstate Highway System
route enters or skirts any city, that from the interchange the City
alternate or service route be so numbered to coordinate with the Inter-
state route number, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare a
resolution for presentation to the Commission at the next regular meet-
ing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy presented the recommendation from the Youth Advisory
Council that sufficient area in the Crestwood area be made available for
recreational development and that plans and layouts of the area be drawn,
and consideration given to obtaining funds for development as soon as
possible.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the Youth Advisory Council felt that the pro-
perty owned by the City between St. Louis and San Francisco was suitable
for this purpose.

Discussion was held and the Commission indicated that money should be
set aside when the new budget is prepare for this project.

The City Manager presented the second recommendation from the Youth Ad-
visory Council that applications for raising of funds for youth activi-
ties be presented to them for evaluation. Mr. Kennedy advised the Board
that it was felt that the best way to work this out was for a member of
the Youth Advisory Council to attend the meetings of the Solicitations

R/W - Noble Lane
R/W - Bonanza Road

MOVING PERMIT

RESOLUTION -
Highway Route
Numbers

CRESTWOOD AREA
RECREATION

CHARITABLE

SOLICITATION

PERMITS
Review Board so that applications can be expedited.

The Board of Commissioners and Mr. John Conway, Chairman of the
Youth Advisory Council, who was present, concurred with Mr.

Kennedy's suggestion, and it was recommended that the suggestion
be transmitted to the Youth Advisory Council by the City Manager
for further consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Paul Seitz for license
for 2 slot machines at the Star Donut Shop, 1157 South 5th Street be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional
gaming licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the licenses:

MONTE CARLO CLUB	W. A. Poison	15 Fremont	1 Craps

CALIFORNIA CLUB	Geo. Arquilla	101 Fremont	4 Poker

2 Pan

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of L. L. Snyder for a license
for one slot machine at 312 West Bonanza, Snyder's, be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Rancho Coin Machine for
license for 8 slot machines at the Country Fair Market, 25th and Bon-
anza be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the
retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

BON BUS BAKERY	2244	E. Charleston	Sutton	Vending

NEVADA LIQUORS	2109	Fremont	Sutton	Vending

GLADSTONE MOTEL	2109	South 5th	Sutton	Vending

JACKSON HOTEL	405 W. Jackson	Sutton	Vending

CHEVRON SERVICE STATION	1233	South Main	Sutton	Vending

SPUDNUT DONUT SHOP	1157	South 5th	Sutton	Vending

FIFTH AVENUE DRUG	1239	South 5th	Bonnie	H. Hoffman

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for charitable
solicitation permits be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY ASSN. - Fund Drive

FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH - Rummage Sale

EPSILON SIGMA ALPHA - Fashion Show Tickets

P.E.O. SISTERHOOD - Chapter K - Rummage Sale

FIRST GOOD SHEPHERD LUTHERAN CHURCH - Solicit Funds

FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH - Rummage Sale

CHURCH OF GOD OF PROPHECY - Solicit Funds

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants No.s 14929 through
15469 in the net amount of $76,351.35 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

GAMING LICENSES

Additional

GAMING LICENSE

New Location

CIGARETTE LICENSES

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS

PAYROLL WARRANTS
Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 13900
through 14065 in the total amount of $197,068.89 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following, vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of October 9 and 16, 1957 be ap-
proved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the application of M. D. Close for a Restaurant
Beverage license at Vallera's Italian Garden at 2111 Fremont Street. City
Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Police Department invest-
gation was favorable and recommended the approval of this application.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of M. D. Close for a Restaurant
Beverage license at Vallera's Italian Garden, 2111 Fremont be approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, CODE OF LAS

VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, DEALING WITH THE REGULATION AND CONTROL OF VEHICLES
AND TRAFFIC; BY PROVIDING FOR A BASIC SPEED LAW AND PRIMA FACIA SPEED
LIMIT; REGULATIONS FOR ENTERING AND EMERGENCY FROM AN ALLEY, DRIVEWAY
OR BUILDING; PROCEDURE TO BE FOLLOWED IN CASE OF AN ACCIDENT; REGULA-
TIONS ON ENTERING INTERSECTIONS CONTROLLED BY YIELD RIGHT OF WAY SIGNS;

MARKING CURBS; STANDING IN PASSENGER CURB LOADING ZONES; AND TRAFFIC
ON ONE-WAY STREETS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS OR-
DINANCE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AMENDING '

ORDINANCES 706, 470; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioner
Whipple, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 750 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Additional time was granted for reporting on the proposed ordinance
concerning the inspection of Taxis and public vehicles since Commis-
sioner Fountain was unable to attend this meeting.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1, OF ORDINANCE

NO. 733, DEALING WITH THE SALE OF INTOXICATING LIQUORS BY PROVIDING THE
LOCATION WHERE TAVERNS MAY BE MAINTAINED; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
HEREWITH, having been reported on favorably by Commissioner Bunker, was
read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 751 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Additional time on the report of Commissioner Fountain on Home Occupa-
tions was granted due to the absence of this Commissioner from the
meeting.

City Manager Kennedy presented a petition for the installation of a
sewer in the alley between Marlin and Stewart, approximately 288 feet
west of 25th Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved this petition for sewer be referred to the
Engineering Department to prepare preliminary estimates of cost.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Kennedy requested permission to contact John A. Carollo and secure
a proposal for preparation of design plans and specifications for ad-
ditions to the sewer plant.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to contact John

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
Vallera's

ORDINANCE NO. 750
Vehicle & Traffic
Code

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Inspections of Taxis

ORDINANCE NO. 751
Tavern Zones

HOME OCCUPATIONS

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
Boulder Dam Homesite
Tract No. 4, Blk 6

ADDITION TO SEWER
A. Carollo concerning an agreement for preparation of plans and
specifications for additions to the sewer plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The City Manager reported the cost for the grading at the Red Rock
School would be $425.00 for equipment and labor, and the gravel would
run around $350.00. Mr. Kennedy stated that the School would stand
the expense of the gravel, and asked for approval of the other work
to be performed by the City.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to spend
$425.00 for the grading of the playground area of the Red Rock
School.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance at this
time is $1,029,964.71. He stated that the gross payroll is $101,080.78
and of the $197,068.89 in service and material warrants, $25,110.94
is from the bond fund and $681.30 on alley pavement.

Mr. Kennedy requested permission to purchase 16,000 yards of gravel
from Clark County at a cost of 60¢ per yard, or a total of $9,600.00.

The City Manager advised that this will be stock piled at the County
pits on College, Vegas Valley Road and the State pit on West Charleston.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a purchase requisition to Clark County
in the total amount of $9,600.00 for 16,000 yards of gravel be approved,
and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The City Manager requested approval of a purchase order to Clark County
for 3294 yards of gravel that was used on Eastern Avenue and Bruce
Street. Mr. Kennedy advised that the cost of this gravel is $1,976.40.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a purchase order to Clark County for
3,294 yards of gravel at $1,976.40 be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a joint agreement with Clark
County for Type I gravel to be used on Owens Avenue improvement between
25th Street and Nellis Boulevard.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to enter into
a joint agreement with Clark County on the gravel for Owens Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the billing from the Union Pac-
ific Railroad Company for the improvement of Owens Avenue Grade Cross-
ing has been checked by the City Attorney and found to be in accordance
with the agreement. Mr. Kennedy stated that the additional cost was
due to the fact that the City of North Las Vegas did not assist with
this improvement.

Commissioner Bunker moved that payment to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company in the total amount of $10,969.02 for the Owens Avenue Grade
Crossing be approved and payment authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy presented a request for approval of a Work Order
for the improvement of Bonanza R ad from 30th Street to Noble Lane.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this road will be 30 feet wide and will include
the grading, graveling and a seal and chip pavement. He advised that
the cost is estimated at $10,329.00.

The Commission indicated approval of this request and authorized the
issuance of a Work Order.

RED ROCK SCHOOL
Improvement

GENERAL FUND BALANCE
PURCHASE OF GRAVEL

OWENS AVENUE
IMPROVEMENT

OWENS AVENUE GRADE
CROSSING

BONANZA ROAD
IMPROVEMENT
The City Manager asked for approval of a purchase order for oil for San
Francisco and "H" Streets in the total amount of $1,596.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved and a purchase order
authorized for oil for San Francisco and "H" Street improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved that all bids for anti-freeze be rejected and
the City Manager authorized to negotiate for the purchase of this item.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a Purchase Order to Trigger Rock & Sand
Co. in the amount of $1,765.90 for the hauling of 1961 yards of Type
II gravel be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that Ken Hansen be appointed as a member of
the Planning Commission. The City Manager advised that Mr. Hansen
is attending these meetings at the present time, but does not have
the right to vote since he is not appointed.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Kenneth Hansen be appointed as a
members of the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Robert Lookabaugh be appointed as a
member of the Municipal Golf Board to replace Herb McDonald who has
resigned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Kennedy requested approval of the employment of six additional
laborers in the Street Department. The City Manager stated that there
is a considerable amount of work being done in that department, and
there is a great need for this additional help.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Street Department be authorized to hire
six additional laborers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

The City Manager recommended that the "no parking" on Washington Street
along the Twin Lakes Subdivision be removed. Mr. Kennedy stated that
this street has been widened and that parking on the north side could
be permitted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be
accepted and that parking be permitted on the north side of Washington
Street that runs along the Twin Lakes Subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner
Whipple moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:25 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

SAN FRANCISCO STREET
IMPROVEMENT

ANTI-FREEZE



GRAVEL HAULING

PLANNING COMMISSION
Appointment

GOLF BOARD
Appointment

STREET DEPARTMENT

Additional Help

WASHINGTON STREET
"No Parking"
Las Vegas, Nevada
November 20, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 20th day of November, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston o. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

The Commission again considered the application of Palm Mortuary for a use permit
to construct a mausoleum at 1325 North Main Street.

Mr. William Morse, attorney for Palm Mortuary, appeared before the Board at this
time and requested favorable action on this application.

Discussion was held by the Commission on the rezoning of this area for this type
of business.

Mr. Roy Wherritt appeared before the Board and protested the granting of this Use
Permit.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application be referred to the Planning
Commission for a report by December 18, 1957; and that this matter be continued un-
til that time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition for the
vacation of that half block of North "A" Street running northerly from the inter-
section of North "A" Street and Bonanza Road, the Commission was advised that the
Planning Commission recommended that this vacation be approved.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this vacation. None were voiced
or filed.

Commissioner Bunker moved this petition for vacation be approved and the following
order of vacation adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 21st day of August, 1957; signed by four (4) free-
holders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this
Board, petitioning for the vacation of a portion of a certain street, in Las Vegas
Townsite, hereinafter described, and said petition having been by order of this
Board referred to the City Planning Commission for its recommendation in the, and
said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated October 11, 1957; with
this Board approving and recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the l6th
day of October, 1957; set the 20th day of November, 1957; at the hour of 8:00 P.M.,
in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart Streets, in the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and place for a public hearing on
said petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the afore-
said street and part thereof proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice
setting forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the pro-
posed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Dwight Engebregson filed with the
Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a copy of which
notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 21st day of October, 1957;
in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said petition for va-
cation and the recommendation of the City Planning Commission thereon, and this
Board having heard evidence in support of and there being no opposition to said
petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the portion of
the street proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the public use and
convenience, and that said vacation will enure to the benefit of the City of Las
Vegas, and that neither the public nor any person will be materially injured
thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of "A" Street,
in the Las Vegas Townsite to the City of Las Vegas, on file in Book 1 of Plats,

Page 17-B, in the office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, to-wit:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situated in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of
the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of the Southwest One-Quarter
(SW¼) of Section 27; Township 20 South, Range 6l East, M.D.B.&M.,
and being more particularly described as follows; to-wit:

USE PERMIT - U-16-57
Palm Mortuary

VACATION PETITION
North "A" Street



