



CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: Marjorie Holtschlag, City Clerk	December 8, 1959

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City
Hall, on the 8th day of December, 1959, at the hour of 7:00 P.M., to
consider the following matters:

1.	WILBUR CLARK'S GAS STATION (U-16-59) - 1515 Tonopah Highway.

2.	JOINT DISCUSSION - URBAN RENEWAL COMMITTEE, PLANNING COMMISSION
AND BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson_________________

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Oran K. Gragson	Mayor	A. H. Kennedy	City Manager

William H. Elwell	Commissioner	Robert D. Heath	Adm. Assistant

E. W. Fountain	Commissioner	Sidney R. Whitmore	Deputy City

Reed Whipple	Commissioner	Attorney

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to the above
call of the Special Meeting this day issued, a Special Meeting of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held
as stated above.

/s/ Marjorie Holtschlag_____________

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative
Assistant and Deputy City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby
admit due service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson	/s/ A. H. Kennedy

/s/ Reed Whipple	/s/ Robert D. Heath

/s/ Wm. H. Elwell	/s/ Sidney R. Whitmore

/s/ E. W. Fountain

-0O0-

MINUTES	Las Vegas, Nevada

December 8, 1959

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held this 8th day of December, 1959, was called to order at
the hour of 7:00 P.M., with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson	City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Commissioner	Wm. H. Elwell	Adm.Assistant Robert D. Heath

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain	Deputy City

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	Attorney	Sidney R. Whitmore

Absent: Commissioner Sharp

In opening the meeting Mayor Gragson reminded those present that the
Board of City Commissioners had agreed not to take any action contrary
to the recommendation of the Planning Commission without first having
a joint meeting to discuss the matter. In response to his call for
comments, Commissioner Whipple said he would like to hear from the
Planning Commission first.

Franklin Bills, Planning Director, said that Mr. Cahlan, Chairman of
the Planning Commission, was unable to be present, but he wanted to
make sure that everyone had the complete background of the requested use.

First Action. This particular piece of property first came to the
Planning Commission with the request that it be zoned C-1 (Commercial)
from R-1 (Residential).

Second Action. The Planning Commission, after the required Public
Hearing, recommended to the City Commission that the property in
question be rezoned C-1 on the findings that it could not be reasonably
used for a single family residence, which was the only use permitted
at that time.

Mr. Bills stated that while the request was in process it was made
clear by the applicant that in the event this Zone Change materialized,
he would submit an application to the Board of Zoning Adjustment for
a Use Permit to put a Service Station thereon.

Third Action. Application for a Use Permit was submitted and heard by
the Board of Zoning Adjustment at a Public Hearing. Four members of
the Board were present. A motion to recommend approval failed to pass.

12-8-59

WILBUR CLARK'S
SERVICE STATION

(U-16-59)

Deferred
Fourth Action. A recommendation to deny the request also failed to
pass and the matter was submitted to the Board of City Commissioners
without recommendation.

Fifth Action. The City Commission was of the opinion that in view
of the total situation the request for a Use Permit be referred to
the Planning Commission for a recommendation.

Sixth Action. The Planning Commission took it under advisement and
referred the request to a subcommittee composed of Mr. Garth,

Mr. Longley and Mr. Phelps. This subcommittee, after considerable
investigation and research, reported back to the Planning Commission
that their findings indicated that the application should be denied.

Seventh Action. The Planning Commission concurred with the findings
of the subcommittee and recommended that the City Commission deny
the application for a Use Permit.

Mr. Phelps then addressed the group, stating that he had been
Chairman of the subcommittee making the study and would be glad
to answer any questions posed by the City Commission.

Mayor Gragson asked Mr. Phelps if he felt there were other types
of commercial uses that would be reasonably successful on the
triangular piece of property - other than the proposed Service
Station.

It was the consensus of the Planning Commission that when the
zoning was changed to C-1 there were a number of uses that would
lend themselves to the size, shape and location of the lot.

Commissioner Fountain then asked whether, at the time the Planning
Commission - when Mr. Tiberti made the motion that it be approved -
there was any statement made that the applicant might use the land
for a Service Station.

Mr. Phelps replied that no mention of a Filling Station was made
at that time. He stated he was Chairman the night the request
received neither approval or denial. "There were a large number of
people at the meeting who were against it so the Public Hearing was
continued until the next Regular Meeting, at which they appeared
again," he said.

Mr. Phelps went on to say that it was the opinion of both the
Planning Commission and Board of Zoning Adjustment that it was an
application for relief to use an R-1 lot that could not be used
properly for residential purposes. He pointed out that a C-1 Zone
permits a good many commercial establishments such as certain
types of stores, medical offices and, in fact, practically anything
of a commercial nature, but not a Filling Station or Garage.

Secondly, he stated the Planning Commission felt it is not good
planning to permit a Service Station immediately adjoining residential
properties. "The one reason," he explained, "the Planning Commission
has a C-1 and C-2 Zone is so some control can be assured over C-1
uses, particularly when adjacent to residential zones."

At this point Commissioner Fountain said in his opinion the real
mistake had been made when the subdivider was allowed to create
this remnant parcel. Also, that he did not know how many parking
spaces could be provided for a commercial use, but if, for instance,
a Frostie-Freeze Drive-in were to be placed there, there would be
five times as much noise created as by a Filling Station.

Mr. Phelps stated that there are a lot of these remnant parcels
all over town and the Planning Commission feels that if they start
giving in to requests for C-2 uses on these lots, you are setting
a precedent for nothing but trouble.

It was further explained that in any of the C-1 Zones the City
Commission has direct control as to the number of parking spaces
and the number of square feet of building that goes on the land.

In a C-2 Zone you have no control - they can build right up to the
line of the sidewalk - the City has not control of design, or
anything. Generally speaking, in a C-1 Zone there is required
one parking space for each 500 ft. of floor area and the Planning
Commission may recommend, and the City Commission can require, any
restrictions they feel are necessary for the protection of abutting
properties.

Mr. Herbert Jones asked permission to speak on behalf of the
proponent on this matter, pointing out that only a small piece of
land was zoned C-1. The balance could not be covered by a Zone
Change because of a deed restriction. Mr. Jones stated he had
heard the argument that if the City permitted too many Service
Stations in that locality, no one would have a reasonably profitable
business. In this he did not concur, stating that if an investor
wanted to spend $75,000 or $100,000 and wanted to go into competition
and employ the necessary personnel to handle the operation - maybe
this would result in too many Filling Stations, but he was of the

opinion that the Richfield Oil Co. was not entering into an
operation that was likely to go broke.

12-8-59
Mr. Jones then referred to the question of whether or not the City
Commission knew, when approving the Zone Change, that his client would
ask for a Use Permit, saying he recalled quite clearly that Commissioner
Whipple made the statement that he would he opposed to a Service
Station at that location. He went on to say he felt the investment that
would he made for the proposed use would help the City.

Mr. Jones stated further that he did not believe just because a use was
protested that the potential use of the property should he denied. In
referring to the Planning Commission, he said: "These people are
experts - I will not say whether they are right or wrong - hut it
appears plain to me, if you are going to have to have parking spaces,
if he puts in a commercial type building, he would not he able to do
that because he does not have enough land."

Mr. Longley then asked permission to reply to Mr. Jones' remarks
concerning protest. He said the Planning Commission appreciated having
citizens take the time and interest in City business.

Mr. Jones stated he believed the record would show that at one time the
Planning Commission, or the City Commission, recommended that the Use
Permit be granted.

Mr. Bills said the Planning Staff recommended that the property be zoned
C-1, but at no time did he recall that it proposed that a Filling
Station needed to go there.

Don Saylor, Deputy Director of Planning, stated at this point that the
Staff recommended to the Board of Zoning Adjustment that approval be
given in reference to the Use Permit for a Filling Station.

In response to Commissioner Fountain's question as to how long ago that
was, Mr. Saylor said it was a month or so ago - after it was zoned C-1
and after the application had been made for the Use Permit.

Mr. Empey said he was on the first field trip for the inspection of the
site and it was agreed that it lended itself for only one thing - that
there were a lot of things that would be more detrimental to the
abutting properties than a Service Station.

Commissioner Fountain stated he felt that the investor on that property
is entitled to a fair return on his investment. "I can see the people
immediately adjacent affected by a commercial use, but I cannot see
people three or four blocks away protesting," he said.

Commissioner Whipple stated in his opinion that people protesting any
use on the basis of trying to keep out competition is not the American
way of life.

Commissioner Whipple then remarked there are Service Stations and
Service Stations - that some are regular junk yards - those places that
are open all night dumping bulk gas at ten or eleven o'clock at night -
those are the things that are obnoxious, not the stations that close
down at a reasonable hour.

Commissioner Fountain then reiterated his observation that he has two
service stations across the street and one Frostie-Freeze Drive-in
would create more noise than both the stations.

There followed a short general discussion on the height of the wall to
be required and Mr. Jones said his client would either increase or
decrease the height of the present 5 ft. wall.

In response to Commissioner Whipple's question as to whether the
Commission could place controls on a Use Permit, Mr. Bills stated that
controls under the Use Permit procedure could be placed at the discretion
of the Commission - "You can put in any regulations that are reasonable,"
he said.

Mr. Jones said if the Use Permit was granted his client would not want
to be required to close at 10:00 P.M., if the other station was
permitted to stay open. To this Commissioner Whipple replied that the
station now located there was there at the time the residents purchased
their homes while the proposed one would be a different matter.

Mr. Hardin then spoke at some length on behalf of himself and other
property owners in the area to the effect that because he was adjacent
to the proposed site he should not have to stand the loss in property
value that would ensue.

Commissioner Whipple then asked Mr. Jones if it was correct that this
application for the Use Permit was submitted by Wilbur Clark, to which
Mr. Jones replied that it was. It was then pointed out that Mr. Clark
would sell the land to the Richfield Oil Company if the Use Permit was
granted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that any action by the City Commission be
deferred for a full Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

12-8-59
There followed a detailed discussion of the application of Lewis J.
and Katie Abrahams for a variance to construct additional motel units
at 1919 Sunrise Street, between 18th and 19th Streets. Planning
Director Bills reviewed for the Commission that some time ago these
applicants requested permission to have the property rezoned and
property owners protested on the basis of the increased amount of
traffic it would generate. Mr. Bills asked if the members of the
Board of City Commissioners would make a physical inspection of the
area so that when the matter was before them again they might be in
a better position to make proper disposition of the matter.

Mayor Gragson: "This meeting has been called at the request of the
Urban Renewal Advisory Committee on the subject of their Progress
Report and whoever is to handle this item may proceed."

Bob Bailey: "I am Chairman. I think most of you gentlemen know
everyone on the Committee, with the possible exception of our
newest member, Miss Marjorie Elliott, who is a Real Estate Broker in
West Las Vegas. With your permission, I will read a copy of a
Report, of which I believe you have all received a copy, and which
sets forth in whole what our Program has been. We feel it is inport-
ant that we submit this to you for your approval as it applies to
the Committee and its activities to date."

Mr. Bailey went on to say that the Committee was appointed by the
Mayor and Board of City Commissioners in 1957- That they had held
something like 43 meetings, which included people from the State
Highway Department, the Federal Housing Administration and local
and county School Districts, concerning problems they thought would
pertain to the Urban Renewal Area as it is outlined in the
Neighborhood Plan. That they had also held a meeting with property
owners some six or eight months ago and only last week attended a
series of meetings with specific property owners.

The following Progress Report was then read aloud by Mr. Bailey:

REPORT OF THE URBAN RENEWAL AREA ADVISORY COMMITTEE, TO

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS, OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

NEVADA.

The Committee, hereafter referred to as URAAC, is a citizens
committee, appointed by the City Commissioners.

The aims and purposes of URAAC are primarily concerned with
liaison between the people and their City Government, and with
dissemination of information to the public.

The liaison function of URAAC is aimed at better citizen
confidence in Government, on one hand, and at stimulation of
keener Government interest in the welfare of the people on the other
hand. The first phase of this liaison function will require the
interest and the assistance of the press, and will be driven home
through the media of public meetings. This will amount to a
program of public education. The people must understand what is to
be done, otherwise there will be a tendency for mass resistance to the
program, and poor public opinion of City Government.

The second phase of the liaison function of URAAC, we hope to
accomplish through regularly scheduled sessions with the Board of
City Commissioners. We hope to have these meetings once every two
months at the present, and more frequently as the Madison School
Project draws closer to execution. These meetings are most
important for a unified understanding, and for smoother operation
of the public relations phase of Urban Renewal.

The term Urban Renewal has been in use for the past ten years.

It was a term coined by the Federal Housing people because they
needed some title to this new concept of City Management. We
realize now that the title does not adequately cover the overall
program of removal and prevention of blight. Perhaps, Urban.
Stability, would be a better description, for it would point out
the permanence of such a program. Urban Renewal must not be looked
upon as just a single project, but instead it must be looked at as
a new and permanent part of City Management, otherwise there would
be a constant repetition of decay and restoration.

Urban Renewal must be dealt with as a community project, and
not as an area, nor as a neighborhood project. It is necessary to
arouse the interest of the entire populace in order to carry out a
Renewal project in any given area of the City. It is the financial
responsibility of all of the people of the City, and not of just the
people of a given area. Urban Renewal is a costly affair, and its
need must be sold to all of the people. The selling job can be
facilitated by an Advisory Committee of broader representation of
the community, than the present committee which is composed of only
residents of the area in which the first Urban Renewal project is
to be undertaken. The need for City wide interest and understanding
of Urban Renewal cannot be overemphasized. It will not be an easy
job to create this interest and understanding. We must solicit the
aid of as many groups and organizations as possible. Representatives
of each of these groups must serve on the Advisory Committee. The

12-8-59

REZONING

(Z-5-59)

Lewis and Katie
Abrahams

Referred to City
Commissioners

JOINT MEETING OF URBAN
RENEWAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE,
PLANNING COMMISSION AND
CITY COMMISSION FOR THE
PURPOSE OF HEARING PROGRESS
REPORT OF ACTIVITIES OF URAAC
Committee could then serve as a clearing house, and as a laboratory
for solution of the many problems of Urban Renewal. Each member of
URAAC could then be delegated the responsibility of taking the
message to his or her own group and of arousing the interest of that
group. The problem of Public Education could be then made practical
and relatively easy.

The present members of URAAC feel that its organization should
be representative of religious, professional, business, service, social,
veterans, labor and ethnic groups.

URAAC, although fully cognizant of the adage of "The greatest
good for the largest number," urges careful study of the future of the
Jackson Street commercial area, and suggests a feasible solution to the
economic catastrophe that is certain to befall the owners and operators
of the businesses now in operation in that area. A solution may avert
financial disaster to Jackson Street and will save the City both money
and headaches.

URAAC strongly advises alertness in planning against any
discriminatory land reuse. Racial and religious discriminatory practices
in housing are a serious problem and they tend to bring about recurrence
of slum areas by their very own custom. If the economic suppressed
groups are confined to a geographic area more or less exclusively
inhabited by these groups, that area is destined to decay and to breed
undesirable problems in City Management. Integration in housing will
tend to lessen the recurrence of blight; and planning for land reuse
should certainly give great thought to this major problem.

Dr. Charles I. West	Rev. J. G. Gilmore

William "Bob" Bailey	David Hoggard

Henry Moore	Julius Marion

Marjorie Elliott

Mr. Bailey then spoke as follows: "At this point I might add, this is
the first meeting we have been able to get with the two Commissions
because of election year and other similar reasons. Actually the first
two years we have been on the Committee we have been trying to get
enough knowledge to intelligently guide and advise the City Commission,
the Planning Commission and, primarily, the population.

"Now we are moving into this thing where we will be facing a number of
different actions throughout the next year. We will actually be in
direct contact with people - here is where we will get suggestions
from the people themselves. It may be an argument against acquisition
of lands and/or the theory of Urban Renewal, but we will get some very
interesting questions from the people themselves. This is where the
big function is coming in. We feel if there is any way possible for
this Committee to meet with the City Commission it will help us in this
phase of the Program. I feel there is going to be a great necessity
for this, especially from the public relations angle. If we cannot
coordinate our thinking we are going to be out on a limb. Mr. Bills
and Mr. Dave Kennedy have been wonderful in their technical knowledge
but do you of the City Commission feel it would be possible to meet
with our Committee at least every two months?"

In the general conversation that followed it was finally agreed that the
Planning Commission and Planning Staff would meet with the Committee on
a regular basis (to be determined by the Planning Staff) with special
meetings as necessity dictates with the Planning Commission referring
to the City Commission such matters as may require official action or
Progress Reports, as the case may be.

Mayor Gragson stated he felt that as many of the City Commissioners as
could, should attend the meetings of the Planning Staff and the URAAC.

Commissioner Fountain at this point said that he would like to
personally commend this Board for the handling of the Program to the
present time. Planning Director Franklin J. Bills concurred in this
commendation.

Mr. Bailey went on to say that this is just the beginning of the
"trouble-shooting" time. - "now we will be actually asking them when
they want to move. A point we feel is certainly worthwhile bringing
to your attention and getting into action just as soon as possible.
Assuming this is the first area - there are other areas in other parts
of town where Urban Renewal will follow - we feel other people in
other parts of the community will benefit a great deal by what is done
now - Mr. Moore would like to speak on this briefly."

Mr. Moore spoke generally as follows: The problem is so immense and
complicated that no individual or group can handle it alone. We will
have to turn to you for aid. But this is not enough. It is evident
that there is a wide-spread citizen need to translate ideas into action.
If this Committee combines forces with other people and joins forces
with our own Commissions, then our Urban Renewal Program will be on its
way to solving its problems. The first step - say a small group of 15 to

12-8-59
20 people to coordinate the activities of the Urban Renewal Group.
These people must he outstanding, intelligent individuals who can
give leadership and prestige to the Program.

They should represent a cross section of the area on a non-political
basis. This group can serve as a liaison to the general population
or network of neighborhood committees to coordinate neighborhood
studies to the whole community and to make suggestions. We feel
this will be the backbone of the entire Program. We need a
comprehensive Program. The key to the importance of the Urban
Renewal Plan is a comprehensive plan. The City is concerned with the
most efficient use of the land in the best interest of the community
at large and a good plan must look far ahead to anticipate any
growth or change. No City can replace everything that is less than
perfect but can consider how much can be saved and how much must be
removed and rebuilt. It should bring a balanced economy to the City -
and foster higher pride in every neighborhood. We believe the
Urban Renewal Program will break down the old laws but it is going
to take the combined effort of all. All across the country these
plans are being put into effect. The only way is to have citizens
on the Committee by action on the part of the City Commission so
that we can avoid rush action and curtail rumors. This is why more
people from other parts of the City Should be on the Urban Renewal
Committee."

Mayor Gragson: That is in planning - to increase the number of
people in that group? If we could have a recommendation from the
Planning Department to the City Commission to get someone from the
church groups, service organizations and throughout the community -
is that the thinking you had on that?

Bills:	"I think what we have been thinking on is very close to what

Mr. Moore has said - what we have tentatively suggested - we have had
in mind for some time and have been working on the idea of City-wide
Urban Renewal Committee which would have a function somewhat different
than the Area Committee. As Mr. Bailey as well pointed out, this
Committee has been working diligently for two and a half years. They
are now coming into the real work of their job- to help the
Planning Department, the Planning Commission and City Commission on
these jobs which involve actual execution of the Project. As Mr.

Moore has pointed out - to get the total community interested in
what Urban Renewal means - not just 42 acres on the Westside, but
also Rancho Circle or Sixth Street or whatever it may be. My
suggestion is that we create a Citizens' Committee including
representatives from the various segments of the community and
representatives from this Urban Renewal Committee. The two groups
will have somewhat different functions."

Then followed a general discussion on the probable length of time a
Citizen's Committee would be functioning and Mr. Kennedy, City
Manager, stated he felt they were committed to approximately ten
years at this point.

The next item of importance for discussion was the advent of the
Freeway and Urban Renewal and how it would affect Jackson Avenue.

Mr. Bailey said that if the Committee and the Planning Staff were
not cognizant of every item as the Program moved along in the
Urban Renewal Effort, "we are going to scuttle Jackson Avenue as
a commercial street."

Following a question by Commissioner Fountain on the method of
appraising the properties to be encompassed within the Urban
Renewal. District Dave Kennedy stated "they are required to pay a
fair market price" - plus up to $200 for moving costs.

Mayor Gragson at this point said he was sure that the transition
would be such as to hurt any individual the least possible - "we
know there are going to be some that are unhappy and some that are
hurt, but we will work to minimize it."

Mr. Bailey then addressed the Commissions, as a last point in his
presentation, generally as follows: "We feel that because we need
a closer liaison, that we are going to have to keep a much closer
connection with the City Planning Department and it has been the
general thinking, and has been approached and brought to the attention
of our Committee for policy thinking, and as soon as it is possible
we feel there should be a negro on the City Planning Commission. It
is a matter of representation and I don't think it is an unfair
request. I think it would be of some consequence to the City
Planning Board and I think it is time for it. The area designated

as the Westside Area is experiencing a fast growth.........and

I have a feeling there should be someone on the Planning Commission
from this section of our community. I don't believe there are very
many there who read these legal notices and because of this fact
are not aware of what is going on in the area.

Commissioner Fountain stated he thought the suggestion was
completely in line and saw no reason why, when a vacancy occurs,
that the area shouldn't have a representative on the Planning
Commission.

Miss Elliott stated "we feel a need of this on our Board. We
originally wanted someone from URAAC to serve on the Planning Board."

12-8-59
In a general discussion as to how this member could be added to an
already fully staffed Planning Commission, Mr. Kennedy said he was of
the opinion that the law itself should be changed at the earliest date
possible - it now says the City Manager shall be a member of the
Planning Commission by virtue of the fact that he is the City Manager.

Commissioner Whipple suggested that then the State Legislature meets
in 1960 a change in the law be made.

Mr. Kennedy stated he felt that one of the things that would help them
as much as anything would be the exchange of agendas so that all
Commissions, Committees and Boards would be advised in advance of what
discussions were to take place - "it would help all of us."

Following a further general discussion Mr. Bailey thanked the members
present and the meeting was adjourned at 9:05 P.M.

MINUTES	Las VegaS, Nevada

December 16, 1959

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las VegaS,
Nevada held this 16th day of December, 1959, was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

City Attorney	Calvin M. Cory

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Edwina M. Cole

Absent:	Commissioner William H. Elwell

(Excused)

His Honor Mayor Gragson called the meeting to order and stated this was
the time set for the public hearing regarding the vacation of property
generally described as a portion of Decatur Boulevard at Alta Drive.

This vacation petition was approved at the regular meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners held November 4, 1959, and Public Hearing set
for this time. His Honor Mayor Gragson asked if any protestants were
present in the room and to this there was no reply.

Commissioner Sharp moved Vacation VAC-6-59 be approved:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 9th day of September, 1959, signed by three
(3) freeholders in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk
of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of tracts or parcels of
land generally described as a portion of Decatur Boulevard and Alta
Drive, hereinafter described, and said petition having been by order
of this Board referred to the City Planning Commission for its
recommendation in the premises and said Planning Commission having filed
its report, dated October 29, 1959, and with this Board approving and
recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the
4th day of November, 1959, set the 16th day of December, 1959, at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 400 Stewart
Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the time and
place for a public hearing on said petition and recommendation, and
ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid property proposed to be
vacated to be posted with a notice setting forth the time and place of
the public hearing and the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Fred H. Callihan filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order,
a copy of which notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on
the 16th day of November, 1959, in the manner prescribed by said order;

12-8-59 and 12-16-59

VACATION VAC-6-59
Public Hearing
Order Adopted
And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said petition
for vacation and the recommendation of the City Planning Commission
thereof, and this Board having heard evidence in support of and
there being no opposition to said petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that the
tracts or parcels of land proposed to be vacated are no longer
required for the public use and convenience, and that said vacation
will enure to the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that
neither the public nor any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described tracts or
parcels of land lying and being situate in the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the East
One-Half (E½) of Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 60 East,
M.D.B.&M., being a portion of Charleston Heights Tract 7 as shown
in Book 5 of Plats, Page, 52, recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, and being more particularly des-
cribed as follows, to-wit:

PARCEL 1

Commencing at the Northeast corner of the Southeast
quarter of Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 60 East,

Mount Diablo Meridian; thence S. 89° 31' 54" W. along the
north line of the southeast quarter of said Section 36,
a distance of 104.17 feet to a point; thence No. 0°28' 06"

West, a distance of 80.00 feet to the true point of be-
ginning; thence South 89° 31' 54" West a distance of 30.02
feet to the beginning of a tangent curve concave to the
northwest and having a radius of 25.00 feet; thence north-
easterly along said curve through a central angle of 89°

50' 05" a distance of 39-20 feet to a point; thence
North 89° 4l' 49" East a distance of 30.00 feet to the
beginning of a nontangent curve concave to the northwest
and having a radius of 24.91 feet; thence southwesterly
along said curve through a central angle of 89° 50' 05" ,
a distance of 39.06 feet to the true point of beginning.

PARCEL 2

Commencing at the northeast corner of the southeast
quarter of Section 36, Township 20 South, Range 60
East, Mount Diablo Base & Meridian; thence South 89°

31' 54" west along the north line of the southeast
quarter of said Section 36 a distance of 104.17 feet to
the true point of beginning; thence continuing South 89°

31' 54" West a distance of 30.45 feet to the beginning
of a tangent curve concave to the southwest and having
a radius of 25.00 feet; thence southeasterly along said
curve through a central angle of 89° 06' 14", a distance
of 38.88 feet to a point; thence North 88° 38' 08" East a
distance of 30.00 feet to the beginning of a nontangent
curve concave to the southwest and having a radius of
24.53 feet; thence northwesterly along said curve through
a central angle of 89° 06' 14", a distance of 38.15 feet
to the true point of beginning,
be and the same is hereby vacated.

DATED this 16th day of December, 1959-

APPROVED

/s/ Oran K. Gragson___________

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Edwina M. Cole_____________

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His
Honor Mayor Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Elwell.

This was the time heretofore set for public hearing regarding the
vacation of utility easement described as the easterly 5' of Lot
5 and the westerly 5' of Lot 6, Block 4, of Biltmore Addition
Annex No. 3. This vacation petition was approved at the regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held November 4, 1959,
as recommended by the Planning Commission, and Public Hearing set
for this time. There were no protestants.

Planning Director Bills informed the meeting that this was only an
easement.

12-16-59

VACATION VAC-7-59
Public Hearing
Order Adopted
Commissioner Fountain moved Vacation VAC-7-59 be approved:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 8th day of October, 1959, signed by Elks
Lodge No. 1468, by George F. Maxwell, Secretary, and two (2) freeholders
residing in the area affected; having been filed with the Clerk of this
Board, petitioning for the vacation of the Easterly 5' of Lot 5 and the
Westerly 5' of Lot 6, Block 4 of Biltmore Addition Annex No. 3, herein-
after described; and said petition having been by order of this Board
referred to the City Planning Commission for its recommendation in the
premises, and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated
October 29, 1959, with this Board approving and recommending such
vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on the
4th day of November, 1959, set the 16th day of December, 1959, at the
hour of 7:30 P.M., in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 5th and
Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as the
time and place for a public hearing on said petition and recommendation,
and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid utility easement
proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting forth the
time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the proposed
vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Fred H. Callihan filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in said order, a
copy of which notice is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the
16th day of November, 1959, in the manner prescribed by said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said petition for
vacation and the recommendation of the City Planning Commission thereon,
and this Board having heard evidence in support of and there being no
opposition to said petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that the
utility easement proposed to be vacated is no longer required for the
public use and convenience, and that said vacation will enure to the
benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor any
person will be materially injured thereby.

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described utility easement
in the City of Las Vegas, being a portion of Biltmore Addition Annex No.
3 more particularly described as follows:

The Westerly 5' of Lot 6 and Easterly 5' of

Lot 5, Block 4 of Biltmore Addition Annex No.

3, as shown in Book 2 of Plats, Page 48 in the Office

of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada.

be and the same is hereby vacated.

DATED: December 16, 1959.

ATTEST:

/s/ Edwina M. Cole_____________

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved Regular Payroll Warrant Nos. 43749 - 44309, in
the net amount of $83,412.48, and Overtime Payroll Warrant Nos. 43691 -
43748, in the net amount of $114.02, for the pay period December 1 -
December 15, 1959, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Fountain moved Service & Material Warrant Nos. 3718 - 3905,
in the amount of $161,658.97, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

12-16-59

PAYROLL WARRANTS
Approved

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Approved
URBAN RENEWAL
WARRANTS

Approved

MINUTES

December 2, 1959
Approved

CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS
PERMITS

Approved

GAMING LICENSE
New

Approved

GAMING LICENSE
Additional
Approved

LIQUOR LICENSE
Additional Owner
Patrick's Peyton Place
Held in Abeyance

GAMING LICENSE
Additional Owner
California Club
Approved

City Manager Kennedy stated that Urban Renewal Warrant Nos. 9442 -
9444, in the amount of $4,951.95, represented the amount the
Government had. put into Urban Renewal.

Commissioner Fountain moved Urban Renewal Warrant Nos. 9442 - 9444,
in the amount of $4,951.95, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of December 2, 1959 be approved
by reference, and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following Charitable Solicitations Permits,
as approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the permits:

KIWANIS CLUB OF UPTOWN LAS VEGAS - Door to door solicitations.

L. D. S. CHURCH - 2ND WARD -	Calendar sale and bake sale.

NATIONAL FOUNDATION FOR INFANTILE Solicitation by mail, coin cans

PARALYSIS	-	and March of Mothers, door to door.

NEVADA SOCIETY FOR AURAL	Raffle

HANDICAPPED

NEVADA TUBERCULOSIS & HEALTH ASSN. -Sale of Christmas Seals.

NANCY WILLIAMS DANCING ACADEMY -  Dance Recital

THETO RHO GIRLS CLUB #6	-	Food and clothing drive for Ely

residents.

Y. M. C. A.	-	Christmas Tree Sale.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Joseph A. Gordon for
license for eight slot machines at The Keg Room, 2365 E. Bonanza,
be approved, on the basis of favorable police report, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Edward Levinson for
two additional slot machines at The Horseshoe Club, 116 N. Second
Street, be approved, on the basis of favorable police report, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy stated the Police Department requested that the
application of Robert D. Lawrence for a 50% interest in the Tavern
License at Patrick's Peyton Place, 1110 Fremont, present owner G.
Patrick Kennedy, not be acted on at this time, but that action on
this matter be deferred until the next meeting, pending receipt by
the Police Department of additional information which had been
requested by it.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be held in abeyance
until the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy informed the meeting he was in receipt of an
application from Tommy Smith for a 5% interest in the Gaming license
of the California Club; that this application was cleared through and
approved by the State Tax Commission but did not appear on the
agenda as it had only been received yesterday. He also advised that
there was a favorable police report on the applicant.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Tommy Smith for a 5%
interest in the gaming license of the California Club be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

12-16-59
LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Name and Owner
Approved

CIGARETTE LICENSES
New

Approved

CIGARETTE LICENSES
Additional Locations
Approved

USE PERMIT U-16-59
Wilbur Clark
Denied

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jerry Fox, Morris Fox and
Jerrold Jory for a Package Liquor and Beer Bar License at Fairway Liquor,
1311 E. Charleston, which was formerly owned by Howard Capps, Jimmy
Schuyler and Charles Teel, and a request that the name be changed from
Fairway Liquor to Jerry's be approved, on the basis of favorable police
report, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for Cigarette
License for new locations be approved, on the basis of favorable police
reports, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the licenses:

Jerry's	1311 E. Chrlstn.	Jerry Fox, Morris Fox and

Jerrold Jory

The Keg Room	2365 E. Bonanza	Joseph A. Gordon

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for Cigarette License
for additional locations be approved, and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Ruppert Plumbing	112 W. Wyoming Ralph T. Warne's Vending

& Heating Co.

Jo-Sepe's Coiffures 223 L.V. Blvd.N. Ralph T. Warne's Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Planning Director Bills submitted the application of Wilbur Clark for a
Use Permit to construct a gasoline filling station at 1550 Tonopah
Highway, generally located at the southeast corner of Vegas Drive and
Tonopah Highway (U.S. Highway 95), legally described as Lot 1, and a
portion of Lots 19 and 20, Block 21, Twin Lakes Village Unit #5, in a

C-1 zone, with the statement that he had said everything which needed to
be said on this matter.

Commissioner Whipple inquired as to restrictions regarding dumping of
gasoline in wholesale lots at night, sanitary conditions, the height of
brick walls, and so forth.

Planning Director Bills quoted from Section E of Ordinance 696 as follows:

"In considering any application for a change in land use classification
from any other land use district to a C-1 district, the Board of City
Commissioners may, upon recommendation of the Planning Commission, impose
additional conditions and/or limitations upon the development of the
property which are deemed consistent with the purposes of this Ordinance
in the light of the proposed use or development in relation to other
uses in the same neighborhood."

Commissioner Fountain inquired as to what would happen in other situations

City Attorney Cory stated that reasonable restrictions could be imposed
on the granting of Use Permits and the same restrictions would not have
to apply throughout the City on all other applications of the same type,
the only requirement being reasonable limitation.

Commissioner Whipple asked if it would be reasonable to require a filling
station to close at 10:00 P.M. and not open before 7:00 or 7:30 A.M.

City Attorney Cory replied that it was his understanding there was a
service station across the street without such restrictions and, it was
conceivable, if such a restriction were imposed, Court relief might be
sought, especially since there was competition across the street without
any such limitation.

Commissioner Whipple then inquired as to a restriction about dumping
gas at night, and Commissioner Fountain stated he did not think dumping
gas at night would be a big problem.

Commissioner Sharp stated he was in sympathy with people living directly
behind the proposed filling station in the event it should remain open
all night, as cars driving in and out and gas being unloaded would create
considerable noise. He continued that, bn the other hand, he was also
in sympathy with the applicant, as he did not know to what other use the
property could be put; however, he stated he would oppose the application
if he lived in the area.

Commissioner Whipple advised the property was now zoned for commercial
use and if no gas station were installed some other commercial use would
be made of it which might be just as bad as a gas station.

12-16-59
Commissioner Sharp inquired if there was any manner in which the
filling station could he screened off from surrounding property
which would be satisfactory to the property owners.

Mr. Robert Smith, a property owner, stated that if a wall were erected
of sufficient height to screen the gas station, it would not permit
adequate air to enter his home and he would not be able to see out
above the wall; furthermore, that three of the bedrooms in his home
were directly across the road from the proposed filling station and;
because of this, it would be impossible to sleep days, because of the
noise created by cars going in and out and bells ringing. In addition,
Mr. Smith stated the proposed filling station would devaluate his
property by at least a couple of thousand dollars.

Another property owner asked the Board of Commissioners if they would
like to have a gas station in their backyards, to which Commissioner
Fountain replied that there was a case on Bonanza where they went
right through the people's front yard and that Mr. Burley Jones had a
laundry next to his home. He commented, further, that the home of the
property owner (who had just spoken) was much farther from the proposed
service station than people living across from him and that those
people built their homes after that service station was built.

The property owner then stated that, in his opinion, something is
lacking in the City Ordinances or rules and regulations if a tract
builder such as built their homes is allowed to present a beautiful
community to the City Planning Board, gets Planning Board approval
and the approval of the Board of City Commissioners, and then cuts
off a corner here and there and requests that these corners be rezoned.
He added the people living in that area did not want a gas station and,
although he was not immediately involved, Mr. Smith would have a real
problem. He continued that people living in that area had spotlights,
to light up their backyards, and in nice weather spent a great deal
of time in their backyards and did not want to be looking at a
filling station. He mentioned, further, that he did not think it was
right to allow a subdivider to deviate from the original plans and
he thought there should be some jurisdictional rule to this effect, so
that when a person buys a home - and people who buy tract homes
usually buy just one in a lifetime - they will not have a gas station
facing their backyards because the builder wants to make a little more
money.

Commissioner Fountain stated he had no argument with this property
owner on that point.

The property owner then maintained that if this Use Permit is approved,
all property owners in the vicinity would be penalized.

Mr. Robert Smith stated that he would rather take a chance on this
property being used for some commercial purpose other than a gas
station.

Mr. Herbert Jones, attorney, stated that the Board of Commissioners
had heard him six or eight times, that he had said everything possible,
and hoped the Use Permit would be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved Use Permit U-16-59 be denied, stating he
respected Mr. Herbert Jones' judgment, but could not see people's
homes being penalized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; Commissioner Fountain voting no, stating he sympathized with the
property owners, but progress cannot be stopped and it was his thought
that nothing but a service station could be built there. Absent:
Commissioner Elwell.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the application of
Franklin Realty and Development Co. for reclassification of property
legally described as a portion of the East 843.03' of the South
683.7' of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 3, T21S, R6lE,

MDB&M, generally located on the NW corner of San Francisco Avenue and
Maryland Parkway, containing 9.535 acres, from R-1 and R-2 to C-C.

He stated this involved the use of the formula included in the
Ordinance defining neighborhoods and, as the area requested for the
C-C zoning formula and procedure, a reasonable detailed plot plan and
preliminary layout had been submitted, which had been checked,
rechecked and amended, and he submitted this plot plan and preliminary
layout for the Board of Commissioners' inspection. He informed the
Board of Commissioners that the applicant would be required to sub-
stantially follow the plan submitted. He continued that the applicant
had also submitted the required construction schedule, comprising
three units, which should be completed by January, 1962. He stated
he specifically wanted to bring this out, because the matter of the
construction schedule had been overlooked in the Planning Commission
hearing. He pointed out there were substantial offsite improvements
and stated the agreement should clearly state that these were the
entire responsibility of the developer.

12-16-59

REZONING Z-29-59

Franklin Realty and
Development Co.

Approved
Commissioner Sharp, raised the question as to what would happen if the
builder completed only half the stores and no more.

To this Planning Director Franklin Bills replied that he could not
completely answer that question. He stated, however, that under this
procedure the shopping center at 25th and Bonanza was completed on
schedule and according to all requirements. He pointed out the
Ordinance provided that in the event the applicant failed to reasonably
meet the construction schedule and/or failed to comply in general with
the plot plan and arrangements, this would be considered sufficient
evidence for the Board of Commissioners to consider that the change in
zoning which allowed this to take place was not in the public interest,
since it did not meet the requirement of service to the people in the
area. It would, therefore, be possible for the Board of Commissioners
to again amend the Ordinance, but he believed this would be a matter of
policy and called for a decision to be made only by the Board of Commis-
sioners .

Commissioner Fountain noted that in the past similar constructions were
usually completed.

His Honor Mayor Gragson inquired if there were any protestants, to which
there was no reply.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Franklin Realty and
Development Co. for reclassification of property generally located on the
NW corner of San Francisco Avenue and Maryland Parkway from R-1 and R-2
to C-C be approved, as recommended by the Planning Commission, subject
to the following conditions:

1.	Submission of a drainage map to the Engineering Department.

2.	Construction of a 6' fence or wall along the west side of the service
road, along the westerly boundary of the property.

3. Compliance with the plot plan and construction schedule.

4. Execution of agreement guaranteeing offsite improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Mr. George E. Franklin thanked the Board and assured them construction
would be completed on schedule.

Planning Director Bills presented the amended application of Lewis J. and
Katie Abrahams for reclassification of property legally described as Lots
15 through 23, Block 3, Church Addition, and generally located on the
South side of Sunrise Avenue, between 18th and 19th Streets, from R-3 to
R-4.

Planning Director Bills stated this was an alley which the Board of
Commissioners had before it for vacation early in January, and that the
application was originally made by the owners of the Vagabond Motel.

His Honor Mayor Gragson inquired if there were any protestants; there
were none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the amended application of Lewis J. and Katie
Abrahams for reclassification of property on the South side of Sunrise
Avenue, between 18th and 19th Streets, from R-3 to R-4 be approved, as
recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the tentative map of Golfridge
Terrace #3, comprising approximately 11 acres, and located generally north
of Washington Avenue and west of Decatur.

Commissioner Sharp inquired as to the water situation, stating he under-
stood approval had not been obtained from the State.

Director of Public Works R. P. Sauer stated he did not know whether or
not the present well system had been approved.

Commissioner Sharp replied he understood the well system was not approved
and moved to hold this matter in abeyance until they had information as
to whether or not the well system was approved.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy stated the agreement provided if there was
not sufficient water, Mr. Miranti would immediately tie into the water
system.

Commissioner Fountain asked City Attorney Cory if he had something in
agreement form stating Mr. Miranti must tie into City water, to which
City Attorney Cory replied that the City has title to the water system
and was empowered, under an agreement, to negotiate with the Las Vegas
Valley Water District and get water to the area. He added that water
would have been furnished in the first instance for an outlay of $3200.00.

Commissioner Sharp withdrew his motion (which had been seconded by
Commissioner Whipple) to hold this matter in abeyance and Commissioner
Fountain moved the tentative map of Golfridge Terrace #3, submitted by

12-16-59

REZONING Z-5-59
Lewis J. and Katie Abrahams

Approved

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE #3
Tentative Map
L. Miranti
Approved
MADISON ESTATES
Tentative Map
Woods Construction Co.
Approved

PARKING METERS

Second St., between
Stewart and Mesquite

Approved

NO PARKING ZONE

Main Street, between
Stewart and Carson

Approved

Mr. L. Miranti, be approved, subject to the conditions stated by City
Attorney Cory regarding supplying of water.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Planning Director Bills submitted the tentative map of Madison Estates,
comprising approximately 3 acres and located generally east of "N"
Street, between Harrison and Jefferson, adding that this was a very
small subdivision.

Commissioner Fountain commented that in this particular area there are
some blocks which are not on City water.

Fire Chief C. D. Williams stated this would be an extension of another
small subdivision which is on City water.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Madison Estates submitted
by Woods Construction Co., comprising approximately 3 acres and located
generally east of "N" Street be approved, subject to the vacation of a
portion of "M" Street, as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

The next matter presented was the recommendation of the Traffic and
Parking Commission that parking meters be installed on both sides of
Second Street, between Stewart and Mesquite, subsequent to installation
of curbs.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if there would be enough room for the Fire
Department vehicles to make turns if parking were permitted.

Fire Chief C. D. Williams replied that parking was restricted on the
west side, to permit Fire Department vehicles to make turns and there
was also a restriction on the east side, in front of the Fire Station.

Commissioner Fountain then asked City Manager Kennedy when the curbs
would be installed, and Mr. Kennedy stated this would have to be done
by Assessment District. He went on to say there was quite a parking
problem there, as there was no delineation to show where the curb
should be. As a result, a car will park where the sidewalk should be,
another will park where the curb should be, and, as a result, the
first car is unable to drive out. It was Mr. Kennedy's suggestion
that asphalt curbing be put in and that the meters be placed behind
the asphalt curbing.

Commissioner Fountain moved the installation of parking meters on
Second Street, between Stewart and Mesquite, be approved, conditioned
upon asphalt curbing being first installed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; Commissioner Sharp voting no. Absent: Commissioner
Elwell.

Traffic Engineer Al Bossi presented a recommendation by the Traffic
and Parking Commission that a No Parking Zone be installed along the
west curb line of Main Street, beginning at a point 175' south of
Stewart and extending south to a point 150' south of Carson.

Traffic Engineer Bossi presented a map showing existing traffic and
parking conditions on Main Street today. He explained the orange
areas represented parking meters, the yellow loading areas, and the
red existing no parking areas. He stated that there was almost a
continuous flow of traffic on both Main and Fremont Street, particularly
during the peak of the tourist season. He further pointed out the
location of the Bus Station on the property of the Union Pacific
Railroad and indicated how buses must come to within approximately
100' of the intersection of Main and Fremont in order to make turns,
resulting in serious traffic snarls, due to increased traffic on
Main Street and the increased number of cars trying to make left
turns. He stated that the inside lane is occupied by cars trying to
make left turns, which means cars wishing to go through are all
channeled into one lane.

This proposal would make it possible to make a third south-bound
traffic lane for this portion of Main Street, which would allow the
use of the inside lane strictly for left hand turning movements into
Ogden, Fremont and Carson, and still leave two lanes for through
traffic.

Mr. Bossi went on to state that this would remove parking from the
first alley south of Stewart all the way through and halfway down
the block between Carson and Bridger. He added that approximately 14
meters would be removed, as well as the loading zone in front of
Cashman's and the passenger loading zone in front of the Bus Station.

12-16-59.
Commissioner Sharp inquired as to what would he done with the passenger
loading zone and Mr. Bossi replied this could he converted into a loading
zone with the cooperation of the Bus Company.	_________________

Commissioner Fountain inquired if the Bus Companies were willing to
cooperate, and Mr. Bossi informed him they were, provided they could
obtain some parking area.

At this point City Attorney Cory informed the Board of Commissioners he
felt it only fair to state that no official of the Union Pacific Railroad
has approved the proposed plan.

Commissioner Fountain inquired of Mr. Bossi if the Union Pacific Railroad
had been contacted. Mr. Bossi stated two gentlemen who had been at the
meeting had been contacted some time ago and at that time they approved
the matter, hut stated they would not spend any money to carry out the
proposed no parking zone. He informed the Board of Commissioners this
was about two years ago and the Traffic & Parking Commission felt at
that time that the City would not recommend the expenditure of funds.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the recommendation of the Traffic &

Parking Commission for a No Parking Zone along the west curb line of
Main Street, beginning at a point 175' south of Stewart and extending
south to a point 150' south of Carson he approved, subject to the
Railroad Company dedicating the necessary property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

His Honor Mayor Gragson stated that three vacancies would occur on the
Urban Renewal Advisory Committee as of December 31, 1959, and recommended
the appointment of Marjorie Elliott, Woodrow Wilson and Julius Marion for
the ensuing year.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Marjorie Elliott, Woodrow Wilson and
Julius Marion be appointed as members of the Urban Renewal Advisory
Committee, to serve from January 1, 1960 to December 31, 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye, noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Planning Franklin Bills presented the tentative map of Twin
Lakes Country Club Estates, submitted by N. Jacobson, located north of
Washington and East of Golf Course, and comprising approximately 20 acres.
He stated one of the conditions upon which the Planning Commission
recommended approval was the fact that they had received a letter from the
School District stating they would dedicate property if the subdivider would
put in all improvements on both sides of the street.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Twin Lakes Country Club
Estates, comprising approximately 20 acres, submitted by N. Jacobson, be
approved, subject to:

1.	Full street improvements for the street on the westerly line of the
subdivision (Country Club Drive).

2.	Street name changes.

3. Rezoning from R-E to R-1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer recommended that Shock Electric Company
be awarded this contract for the items listed in the remodeling of the
Electric System at the Police Department for the First and Second
Alternates in the amount of $15,961.97. He stated one other bid had been
received from Acme Electric in the sum of $18,287.00 and that the
Engineer's Estimate was $18,949.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid #59-62 for modification of the Electric
System at the Police Department Building be awarded to Shock Electric
Company, in the amount of $15,961.97.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised two bids had been received for the
construction of 8" sewer line and manhole on Encanto Drive, one from Ace
Plumbing and Heating in the amount of $1,334.11 and the other from J. A.
Tiberti Construction Company in the amount of $1,579-00. It was
recommended by the Public Works Department that Ace Plumbing and Heating
be awarded the bid. The Engineer's Estimate was $713.00. Mr. Sauer
explained the reason for the low Engineer's Estimate, as compared with
the bids received, was that there was a very strong question of coliche
being present in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid #I-21-59 for construction of 8"

Sewer Line and Manhole on Encanto Drive be awarded to Ace Plumbing and
Heating in the amount of $1,334.11.

12-16-59

URBAN RENEWAL
ADVISORY COMMITTEE

Appointments Made

TWIN LAKES COUNTRY CLUB
ESTATES

Tentative Map

N. Jacobson

Approved

BID #59.62

Modification of
Electric System

Police Department Building

Award

BID I-21-59

Construction of 8" Sewer
Line and Manhole on
Encanto Drive

Award
BID #I-22-59

Replacement of 8" Sewer
Line with 10" Sewer Line
in Alley between Isabelle
and Sunrise

Award

BID #I-23-59

Furnishing of Type II
Aggregate

Award

USE PERMIT U-25-56
Sam Cava

Offsite Improvements
Accepted

USE PERMIT U-31-55
Jewish Community Center
Extension of Time
Approved

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS UNIT #3
Final Plat
Accepted

HOUSE MOVING

Mr. and Mrs. Murray Sanders
Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

The Board of Commissioners considered the bids received for Bid #I-22-59
for replacement of 8" Sewer Line with 10" Sewer Line in Alley between
Isabelle and Sunrise Avenue. Public Works Department recommended that
J. A. Tiberti Construction Company be awarded the contract for their
bid of $2,600.00. Two other bids were submitted, one by Longley
Construction Co. in the amount of $2800.00, and one by Ace Plumbing
and Heating Co. in the amount of $2869.00. The Engineer's Estimate
was $2282.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid #1-22-59 for replacement of 8"

Sewer Line with 10" Sewer Line in Alley between Isabelle and Sunrise
Avenue be awarded to J. A. Tiberti Construction Company in the amount
of $2,600.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

The Board of Commissioners considered the bids received for Bid #I-23-59
for furnishing of Type II Aggregate west of the Union Pacific Railroad
tracks. Public Works Department recommended that Wells Cargo, Inc. be
awarded the contract for their bid of $12,000.00, representing $1.20
per cubic yard. Two other bids had been received, one from W. M. K.
Transit Mix for $1.87 per cubic yard, and one from Gornawich Sand &
Gravel Co. for $1.45 per cubic yard.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid #I-23-59 for furnishing of Type II
Aggregate west of the Union Pacific Railroad tracks be awarded to
Wells Cargo, Inc. in the amount of $12,000.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised that the offsite improvements
installed for the Pharmacy Building located at the intersection of
8th Street and Charleston Boulevard had been completed and it was the
recommendation of the Department of Public Works that these be accepted
and the Cashier's Check in the amount of $137.72, heretofore posted by
Mr. Cava, be returned to him.

Commissioner Fountain moved the offsite improvements constructed under
Use Permit U-25-56 be accepted and Mr. Cava's check in the amount of
$137-72 returned to him.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that a revised improvement
agreement had been drawn to cover the complete installation of curb,
gutter, paving, sidewalks and street lighting, and it was the
recommendation of the Department of Public Works that the time required
for installation of all improvements be extended to January 2, 1961.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the time for the completion of offsite
improvements under Use Permit U-31-55 he extended to January 2, 1961,
pursuant to the revised agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised that the final plat for Las
Verdes Heights, Unit #3 had been checked and the subdivision agreements
and bond have been submitted. It was the recommendation of the
Department of Public Works that the final plat be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the final plat for Las Verdes Heights,
Unit #3 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote: Commissioner Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor
Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Elwell.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated that the frame and stucco single
dwelling located at 1413 North "D" Street which Mr. and Mrs. Murray
Sanders desired to move to 1225 West Van Buren had been inspected by
both the Building and Planning Departments and that the same met all
code requirements. It was the recommendation of the Department of
Public Works that a permit be granted to move this dwelling.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request of Mr. and Mrs. Murray
Sanders to move a house from 1413 North "D" Street to 1225 West Van
Buren be granted.

12-16-59
Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the Public Works Department to
receive informal bids for SS-2 Oil for Stabilization and Slurry be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following Resolution of Acceptance be
adopted for Quitclaim Deeds to the City of Las Vegas from Dan Plunkett,
Edward J. and Marjorie Barrick, Sam and Mary Ziegman, and Rex A. Jarrett
for a 60' right-of-way for the extension of Western Avenue, also referred
to as Highland Drive, from Oakey Boulevard southerly to San Francisco
Avenue:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E. W. Fountain, duly seconded by
Commissioner Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution
is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of December, 1959, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 17th day of November, 1959, executed by

Dan H. Plunkett; Edward J. Barrick and Marjorie Barrick; Sam Ziegman and
Mary Ziegman

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Edwina M. Cole City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true
and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto
duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on
the 16th day of December, 1959.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal this 17th day of December, 1959.

/s/ Edwina M. Cole_________________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By___________________________Deputy

FOR:	Western Ave.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E. W. Fountain, duly seconded by
Commissioner Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following
Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of December, 1959, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 17th day of November, 1959, executed by

Dan H. Plunkett; Sam Ziegman; Edward J. Barrick and Rex A. Jarrett

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the
County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this
resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

12-1659

SS-2

Oil for Stabilization and
Slurry

Approved to Receive Informal
Bid

QUITCLAIM DEEDS

Dan Plunkett, Edward J. and
Marjorie Barrick, Sam and Mary
Ziegman, and Rex A. Jarrett

Resolution of Acceptance
Adopted
STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Edwina M. Cole City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,
true and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached
hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 16th day of December, 1959.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal this 17th day of December, 1959.

/s/ Edwina M. Cole______________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By_______________________Deputy

FOR:	Western Ave.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following Resolution of Acceptance be
adopted for a right-of-way easement to the City of Las Vegas from
Charleston Plaza, Inc. for the balance of a cul-de-sac at the
westerly end of Peyton Drive:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF EASEMENT

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by
Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following
Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 16th day of December, 1959, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the easement, dated the 9th day of December, 1959,
executed by

Charleston Plaza Inc., a Nevada Corporation

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be
attached to said easement, and that the same be recorded in the Office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Edwina M. Cole City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,
true and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the easement
attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of
Commissioners held on the 16th day of December, 1959.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal this 17th day of December, 1959.

/s/ Edwina M. Cole_______________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By_______________________Deputy

FOR:	Peyton Place (cul-de-sac)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

-oOo-

At the hour of 8:30 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at
the hour of 8:40 P.M., with all members present as of the opening
session.

-oOo-

12-16-59

EASEMENT

Charleston Plaza, Inc.
Resolution of Acceptance
Adopted
An Ordinance entitled:	AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO REPEAL EMERGENCY

ORDINANCE NO. 807; PROHIBITING FALSE AND FRAUDULENT ADVERTISING, INCLUDING
ADVERTISING OF RATES AND SERVICES OF HOTELS, INNS, MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS,
BOARDING HOUSES AND LODGING HOUSES WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS;

PROVIDING PENALTIES THEREFOR; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO; REPEALING ALL OTHER ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY, was read by title.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 815 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Joseph E. Swessel for sewerage
backup damage in the amount of $946.05 be denied and referred to the
Insurance Agency, as recommended by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Josephine M. and Oscar E.

Bigelow for sewerage backup damage in the amount of $756.00 be denied
and referred to the Insurance Agency, as recommended by the City Attorney.
He did state, however, that he believed the City should assist these
people. City Attorney Cory stated the Insurance Adjuster was working on
it.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Tex and Dorothy Gates for damage to
drapes and interior of their home in the amount of $380.00 be denied and
referred to the Insurance Agency, as recommended by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Henriette K. Fagan for a fractured
wrist sustained while skating at the Convention Center in the present
amount of $166.24 and the anticipated future amount of $50.00 for
further medical expense be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Animal and Fowl Ordinance
Amendment which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners held November 18, 1959, and referred
to Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation.

City Attorney Cory stated this resolution would not be considered this
evening as it was his understanding that further consideration was
required.

Commissioner Sharp stated they wanted His Honor Mayor Gragson to have a
copy of this resolution, as well as the Downtown Casino Operators.

City Attorney Cory stated he had a letter which the City had received
from the Housing Authority of the City of Las Vegas, requesting rezoning
of two parcels of property located within the City of Las Vegas, now
owned by the Housing Authority, and which are more particularly described
in the letter above-mentioned, dated December 14, 1959, addressed to
the Board of City Commissioners. He commented that these were the same
two parcels previously identified as "A" and "B" in connection with
correspondence had between the City Attorney's office and the Attorney
General of the State of Nevada, in the course of which the City Attorney's
office endeavored to ascertain the Attorney General's interpretation of
the law. Mr. Cory informed the Board that pursuant to an agreement
between the Housing Authority and the City of Las Vegas, dated March 6,

1958, and on the basis of a lengthy and well considered opinion previously
received from the Attorney General, it was his recommendation that the
request for rezoning be granted.

Commissioner Whipple inquired if it was City Attorney Cory's opinion that
the City would be obligated to rezone.

Mr. Cory replied in the affirmative and went on to state that there has
never been a decision in the Nevada Supreme Court or District Court
involving the legal problem which was raised in connection with the
Housing Authority's prior request (when it was not the owner of the
property) and at that time the City took the position they were not
required to rezone because the Housing Authority was not the owner and
the request would have to be initiated by the then owner of the property
and processed through channels provided by law; that subsequently, there

12-16-59

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
NO. 815

Adopted

NOTICE OF CLAIM
Joseph E. Swessel
Denied

NOTICE OF CLAIM

Josephine M. & Oscar E.
Bigelow

Denied

NOTICE OF CLAIM
Tex & Dorothy Gates
Denied

NOTICE OF CLAIM
Henriette K. Fagan
Denied

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Animal & Fowl Ord.
Amendment
Continued

RESOLUTIONS ON GIVE AWAYS
Held in Abeyance

REZONING

Housing Authority of
City of Las Vegas

Held in Abeyance
was considerable discussion as to what would he the position of the
Housing Authority in the event it did own the property. As a result,
the City Attorney's office engaged in considerable research and, at
the conclusion, decided to submit the matter jointly on behalf of the
Housing Authority and the City to the Attorney General for his ruling
and opinion.

Mr. Cory stated that in the State of California there have been no less
than three Supreme Court cases, each of which involved the City of
Los Angeles, and each of which involved substantial tracts of land, all
of which held that when there is in existence a cooperation agreement,
such as the one in existence between the City of Las Vegas and the
Housing Authority, which, incidentally, is required by the Federal
Government, the rezoning request must be granted, provided the request
is reasonable and in conformance with zoning of a similar type. He
advised there was a Montana decision and a strong decision in the
Supreme Court of Wyoming to this effect and stated the Nevada Supreme
Court tends to follow decisions of Western States more readily than
courts of last resort in Eastern States. According to Mr. Cory, both
the Montana and Wyoming decisions were even more emphatic than the
California cases in holding that once the City Housing Authority
initiates a proposal for a housing project the City cannot refuse to
rezone property if it is necessary for completion of that project. It
was Mr. Cory's belief that if the Nevada Supreme Court followed the
decision of courts of last resort in other Western States, it will
necessarily hold that the City must rezone the property as requested.

He concluded with the remark that this would not mean that some
interested taxpayer might not question the rezoning and seek a
decision in a Court.

Commissioner Fountain moved that this rezoning be held in abeyance
until there was a full Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Child Welfare Ordinance
which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held July 1, 1959, and referred to
Commissioners Fountain and Elwell, committee for recommendation.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Liquor Control Ordinance
which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held September 16, 1959, and referred to
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Plumbing Code Ordinance
which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held November 18, 1959, and referred to
Commissioners Fountain and Sharp for recommendation.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE

NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF
THE SAID MAP was read by title.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 816 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE

NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF THE
SAID MAP was read by title and referred to Commissioners Elwell and
Fountain, committee for recommendation.

City Manager Kennedy advised the General Fund Balance, after Service
and Material Warrants and Payroll was $1,400,701.30. He stated in the
Service and Material Warrants there was a bank transfer of $65,000.00
and an investment of $9,458.92, which are not actually moneys spent,
but transfers to other accounts. Actual moneys spent were $87,205.00.

He stated there was a refund to Mr. Joe Gordon who paid his slot
machine license twice and that the estimated gross payroll was
$117,000.00.

City Manager Kennedy stated he had received a request from the City
Golf Board that the green fees for the forthcoming Championship City
Golf Match, to be held Saturday and Sunday, December 19th and 20th, be
waived and he had been advised by the City Attorney that under the
present law a decision on this should come from the Board of
Commissioners.

Commissioner Fountain moved the green fees for the Championship City
Golf Match, to be held December 19th and 20th, be waived.

12-16-59

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Child Welfare Ordinance
Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Control Ordinance
Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code
Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 816

Rezoning Z-28, Z-34
& Z-36-59

Adopted

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning Z-29-59
Referred to Committee

GENERAL FUND BALANCE

GREEN FEES WAIVER
Ralph Legion
Approved
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy stated authorization had been given to enter into a
lease-purchase contract with I. B. M. for equipment now being rented. He
stated it would cost $32,532.08 to purchase this equipment over a three
year period and there would be a saving of approximately $2,000.00 if it
were rented for the same period. However, in view of the fact that the
machines would be useable for many years, there would be an ultimate
saving of approximately $60,000.00 if they were purchased.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the lease-purchase contract with I. B. M.
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy requested that an architect be employed for the
purpose of remodeling the Central Fire Station. He said some sketches
had been made by the Fire Department but felt they should have an
architect. In this connection he stated that $50,000.00 had been set
aside for this purpose, being the proceeds of the sale of the Huntridge
Fire Station, but the employment of an architect would cost approximately
$65,000.00, which could be paid over two budgets.

Commissioner Fountain recommended the firm of Knighton and McDaniel.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the firm of Knighton and McDaniel be
employed for the purpose of drawing the necessary plans to remodel the
Central Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy next presented the request of Tower Corporation for
a business license, in order that it might maintain an office in the City
of Las Vegas for the purpose of selling stock in the proposed Deauville
Hotel.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance and the
motion did not pass for lack of a second.

City Manager Kennedy stated they would have to have a business license to
sell stock, inasmuch as they contemplated opening an office.

His Honor Mayor Gragson inquired of City Attorney Cory whether the Board
would be within its rights if it held this matter in abeyance.

City Attorney Cory replied in the affirmative and stated he would like to
have it held in abeyance pending examination by the State Bank Examiner
and then have the matter referred to the City Attorney for further report.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the granting of a business license to
Tower Corporation for the purpose of selling stock within the City of
Las Vegas be held in abeyance, pending examination by the State Bank
Examiner and further referral to the City Attorney.

Commissioner Fountain asked City Attorney Cory whether the Bank Examiner
should not be included in the consideration of this matter.

City Attorney Cory advised this was not necessary, as the applicant was
a corporation; however, before this corporation is able to engage in the
sale of stock, a loan or something of that nature would have to be
approved by the State Bank Examiner and that this phase of the matter
was presently being examined by Mr. Robinson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Griffith Methodist Church
for an extension of time to complete the offsite improvements adjacent
to the church property at 17th and Bracken. He stated approval was
recommended by the Planning Department and Engineering Department,
provided offsite improvements be installed on Bracken.

Commissioner Fountain moved that an extension of time to complete offsite
improvements at 17th and Bracken be granted Griffith Methodist Church.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

12-16-59

PURCHASE OF I. B. M.
EQUIPMENT

Approved

CENTRAL FIRE STATION
Hiring of Architect
Approved

TOWER CORPORATION
Deauville Hotel
Business License
Held in Abeyance

GRIFFITH METHODIST CHURCH
Extension of Time
Approved
City Manager Kennedy advised the Solicitations Review Board recommended
they appoint Herbert H. McLaughlin to the Board, to fill the vacancy
created by the expiration of Mr. Hillman Lee's commission, which
expired December 9, 1959. Superintendent of License Jean Dutton
informed the Board that Mr. Lee had retired from business and was
moving to the Coast.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Herbert H. McLaughlin be appointed to
the Charitable Solicitations Review Board, to fill the vacancy
created by the expiration of Mr. Hillman Lee's commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy informed the Board of Commissioners that hereto-
fore a Baby Grand Piano had been removed from the Library to the
Convention Hall, with the intention of selling it to the Convention
Hall for $1,000.00; however, only $250.00 had been offered for the
piano, even though piano experts had advised the piano was worth from
$1800.00 to $2,000.00.

Commissioner Fountain inquired who had offered $250.00 for the piano,
and Mr. Kennedy replied Mr. Albright. Mr. Kennedy stated Mr. Albright
had informed him that a piano dealer said it was worth no more than
$250.00.

Commissioner Sharp inquired whether the Recreation Department could
use the piano and Mr. Kennedy stated the Recreation Department felt
the piano was too good to put in their Department. Superintendent of
Recreation Bruce Trent stated his Department had a piano and had no
need for another.

At this point Mr. Kennedy informed the Board he had received two
offers of $750.00 cash.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if the piano was needed at the Convention
Hall and Mr. Kennedy replied he did not think so; that they should
have a piano of their own.

Commissioner Sharp stated it was his opinion this matter should go to
bid and City Attorney Cory advised they could negotiate a sale on it.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of City Manager Kennedy that the
Baby Grand Piano go to bid be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

City Manager Kennedy informed the Board that a check had been received
from the Federal Housing Authority for Option #1 on 28th and Sunrise
in the amount of $21,451.96, which had. been deposited to the City's
account by the City Treasurer.

City Manager Kennedy presented the following letter, which was read
by City Clerk Edwina M. Cole:

"December 16, 1959

"Mrs. Charles Hrudicka, President
Art League, Inc.

Box 893

Las Vegas, Nevada
"Dear Mrs. Hrudicka:

"On behalf of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, I hereby commend the Art League and
express our appreciation for the paintings which have
been placed in City Hall for display.

"This display has added a touch of distinction to
City Hall and makes the surroundings more pleasant to
the Commissioners, personnel and the general public
having business to transact herein.

Sincerely,

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor"

OKG: ec

Commissioner Sharp moved the above letter be approved and signed by
His Honor Mayor Gragson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor

Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

12-16-59

SOLICITATIONS REVIEW BOARD
Replacement
Appointment Made

BABY GRAND PIANO

Approved to Receive Informal
Bids

OPTION #1
28th & Sunrise
Payment Received

ART LEAGUE

Letter of Commendation
Approved
City Manager Kennedy advised that the Frontier Girl Scouts were desirous
of transferring their present lease on property located at Second and
Mesquite to property located behind the National Guard Armory, between
the National Guard Armory on Stewart Street and the road going into
Hadland Park parking lot, and that they would like a lease with an
option to purchase.

Commissioner Sharp stated the property would have to be purchased at the
appraised value and suggested an appraisal be prepared and submitted to
the Commissioners.

Commissioner Fountain stated he would like to see an enlarged map of the
vicinity, in order to ascertain just which section the Girl Scouts were
desirous of purchasing.

It was the feeling of the Board of Commissioners that a transfer of the
lease would be desirable, but that the matter of entering into a lease
with an option to purchase should be deferred pending receipt of an
appraisal and an enlarged map.

Commissioner Fountain inquired as to the present status of this matter and
City Manager Kennedy advised the Personnel Department and Mr. Heath were
checking into the matter and would have a recommendation at the next
meeting.

Commissioner Sharp stated he would like the City Manager and City Attorney
to make a further investigation with reference to personnel driving
ambulances and, in this connection, set up a program regarding
qualifications and the passing of First Aid Classes, so that First Aid
cards might be issued to such personnel.

Commissioner Sharp moved that an Ordinance be prepared covering
qualifications of personnel driving ambulances.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

His Honor Mayor Gragson inquired if there was any other business to come
before the meeting and Commissioner Sharp stated His Honor had previously
requested the names of the members of the National Junior Rifle Board.
Commissioner Sharp stated the present members were B. J. Swanson, Philip
J. Little, Clint Lyons, Harris Sharp, Mart Garhardt, Mrs. Fred Allen and
Mike Maini, and added he thought they were doing a fine job.

Commissioner Fountain stated he noticed Mr. Frank Holden in the audience
and moved that a letter be sent the City Employees Association, commending
them for the fine program presented by them at the Christmas Party.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of
9:25 P.M. Commissioner Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Elwell.

GIRL SCOUTS OF AMERICA FRONTIER
COUNCIL

Transferal of Lease
Approved

MUNICIPAL COURT CLERK

Salary Increase
Held in Abeyance

AMBULANCE CONTRACT
Preparation of Ordinance

Approved

CITY EMPLOYEES ASSOCIATION
Letter of Commendation
Approved
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Edwina M. Cole, City Clerk	December 29, 1959

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office
of the City Hall on the 29th day of December, 1959, at the hour of
4:00 P.M., to consider the following matter:

APPOINTMENT OF ONE MEMBER TO BOARD OF EQUALIZATION FROM THE
HENDERSON, BOULDER CITY, NORTH LAS VEGAS AND LAS VEGAS AREA.

/s/ Oran K. Gragson________

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Oran K. Gragson	Mayor	Wm. H. Elwell	Commissioner

E. W. Fountain	Commissioner	A. H. Kennedy	City Manager

Reed Whipple	Commissioner	Robert D. Heath	Adm. Assistant

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to the above
call of the Special Meeting this day issued, a Special Meeting of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held
as stated above.

/s/ EdwinaM. Cole__________

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager and Administrative
Assistant of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due service of the
foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/	Oran K. Gragson	/s/	Wm. H.	Elwell

/s/	E. W. Fountain	/s/	A. H. Kennedy

/s/	Reed Whipple	/s/	Robert	D. Heath

-0O0-

MINUTES	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

December 29, 1959

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 29th day of December, 1959, was called

to order at the hour of 4:00 P.M., with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson	Commissioner	Wm. H. Elwell

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain	City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Commissioner	Reed Whipple	Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp

SECTION 361.340 N.R.S. PROVIDES THAT THE BOARD OF EQUALIZATION OF
EACH COUNTY SHALL CONSIST OF THREE (3) MEMBERS OF BOARD OF COUNTY
COMMISSIONERS; ONE (l) MEMBER REPRESENTING THE COUNTY SCHOOL DISTRICT;

AND ONE MEMBER REPRESENTING INCORPORATED CITIES IN COUNTY TO BE
SELECTED FROM THEIR RESPECTIVE BOARDS AND SHALL BE APPOINTED BY
RESPECTIVE CITY COUNCILS IN JOINT ACTION.

At the scheduled hour of 4:00 P.M all representatives of the several-
municipal governments were present, except one from Boulder City.

Mayor Gragson raised the question whether it would be legal to select
a representative to act on the Board of Equalization since the
Boulder City representative did not appear.

A. H. Kennedy, City Manager, stated he was of the opinion that since
Boulder City would not actually become a municipality until January
4, 1960, and the law provides that the Board of Equalization convene
on the same date, it would appear that those present could select a
representative to the Board.

Mayor Gragson opened the meeting at 4:15 P.M. and asked for some
discussion before calling for a motion.

Mayor Hartke, North Las Vegas, spoke as follows:	"I would like to

refer back to two years ago - at that time I was selected to represent
the three cities, which I did. The then Mayor of Las Vegas, C. D. Baker,

12-29-59
and myself at that particular time agreed that we would alternate with a
representative from each City. Last year Commissioner Harris Sharp was
appointed from the City of Las Vegas. I would like to hear from Mayor
Byrne in this regard."

Mayor Byrne, Henderson, concurred in the understanding that a representative
to the Board of Equalization was to be rotated and that "it would be
Henderson's chance this year."

Commissioner Elwell moved that Mayor Byrne be appointed to represent the
incorporated cities in the County.

Motion seconded by Mayor Hartke and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Gragson and
His Honor Mayor Hartke voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

There then followed a discussion concerning the advisability of amending
Section 361.340 N.R.S. (which had been requested in previous years).

Commissioner Elwell moved that the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas
be instructed to take the necessary steps toward amending the Act to
provide that a representative of each city shall be elected to the Board
of Equalization (instead of one member representing the incorporated
cities in Clark County as now provided in the law), in addition to the
three members from the Board of County Commissioners and one member
representing the County School District.

Motion seconded by Mayor Hartke and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple, His Honor Mayor Gragson and His
Honor Mayor Hartke voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this point Mayor Gragson said he felt that the Cities of Henderson,
Boulder City, North Las Vegas and Las Vegas should have an annual meeting
for the purpose of discussing allied problems, particularly those that
would become matters of legislative action, "so that our efforts can be
coordinated for the best interests of the four municipalities. In fact,
if any of you have any desire to call a meeting prior to the State
Legislature, convening in January, please call on us. I am speaking for
myself, but I know that the other Commissioners will meet at any place
you desire - I feel it is most important that we get together and
coordinate as one unit."

Mayor Byrne:	"Do you feel it would serve a purpose to have a meeting

before the Legislature convenes?"

Mayor Gragson:	"Not only that, but to have our legislators meet with us.

We plan to have someone attending practically all of the sessions up in
Carson City and if there is anything that comes up that is contrary to
our wishes, or contrary to our welfare, we will notify the other cities
and present a coordinated effort."

There being no further items for action or discussion, the meeting was
adjourned at 4:35 P.M.

APPOINTMENT MADE

AMENDMENT OF SECTION
361.340 N.R.S.

Approved

DISCUSSION RE ANNUAL
MEETING
MINUTES	Las Vegas, Nevada

January 6, 1960

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held this 6th day of January, 1960, was called to
order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	William H. Elwell

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

City Attorney	Calvin M. Cory

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Edwina M. Cole

Absent:	Commissioner Reed Whipple

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, called the meeting to order, requesting
that everyone rise, whereupon the Pledge of Allegiance was given.

Rev. Walter Bishop, Pastor of the First Baptist Church, gave the
Invocation.

This was the time heretofore set for public hearing regarding the
petition of L. E. Clark, Katie Abrahams, Sal Sagev Hotel Co., Inc.
and J. M. Miller for vacation of a certain alley running through
Block #3, Church Addition. This vacation petition was approved at
the regular Commission meeting of November 18, 1959.

There was no response to Commissioner's Sharp inquiry as to whether
any protestants were present.

Commissioner Sharp moved Vacation (VAC-8-59) be approved and the
following Order of Vacation adopted and a copy of the order filed
with the County Recorder of Clark County:

ORDER OF VACATION

A Petition, dated the 20th day of October, 1959, signed by
five (5) freeholders in the area affected, having been filed with
the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of a certain
alley running through Block 3, Church Addition, hereinafter des-
cribed, and said petition having been by order of this Board referred
to the City Planning Commission for its recommendation in the premises
and said Planning Commission having filed its report, dated November
12, 1959, and with this Board approving and recommending such vacation;

And this Board, by an order made at its regular meeting held on
the 18th day of November, 1959, set the 6th day of January, 1960, at
the hour of 7:30 P.M. in the Council Chambers of the City Hall, 400
Stewart Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as
the time and place for a public hearing on said petition and
recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause the aforesaid
property proposed to be vacated to be posted with a notice setting
forth the time and place of the public hearing and the extent of the
proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the affidavit of Dwight B. Engebregson
filed with the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for in
said order, a copy of which notice is attached to said affidavit, was
posted on the 1st day of December, 1959, in the manner prescribed by
said order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing on said petition
for vacation and the recommendation of the City Planning Commission
thereof, and this Board having heard evidence in support of and
there being no opposition to said petition and recommendation;

And it appearing to the satisfaction of the Board that the tracts
or parcels of land proposed to be vacated are no longer required for
the public use and convenience, and that said vacation will enure to
the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, and that neither the public nor
any person will be materially injured thereby;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described tract or parcel
of land situated in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and being a portion of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Section
35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&M., and more particularly
described as follows, to wit:

All of the alley in Block 3 of Church Addition
to Las Vegas, Nevada, as shown by map thereof in
Book 2 of Plats, Page 7, recorded September 22,

1931, in the Office of the County Recorder of
Clark County, Nevada,

be and the same is hereby vacated.

Dated this 6th day of January, 1960.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ Edwina M. Cole	/s/ Oran K. Gragson

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk	ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor	1-6-60

PLEDGE OF
ALLEGIANCE

INVOCATION

VACATION VAC-8-59
Public Hearing
Order Adopted
Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved Regular Payroll Warrants Nos. 44317 to 44873 in
the net amount of $83,360.37, for the pay period December 16 - December
31, 1959, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Elwell moved Service & Material Warrants Nos. 3906 to 4077,
in the amount of $44,054.07, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple

Commissioner Sharp moved Urban Renewal Warrants Nos. 9445 to 9448, in the
amount of $2,851.58, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple

Commissioner Sharp moved the transfer of Credit Union Withholding in the
amount of $18,071.50 be approved and the Director of Finance and City
Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of the Special Meeting of December
8, 1959, be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting aye)
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote) noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of the Regular Meeting of December
16, 1959 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting aye)
Commissioner Elwell passed his vote) noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of the Special Meeting of December
29, 1959 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye) noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Oscar Rubinsky for a 2% interest
in the Horseshoe Club be approved on the basis of favorable police report,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye) noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for additional
gaming licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the licenses:

The Keg Room	25th & Bonanza	United Coin Mach.	3	Payout	Pins

The Keg Room	25th & Bonanza	J. J. Parker Co.	1	Slot

Lucky Strike	117 Fremont	A. F. Winter, et al.	39	Slots

Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye) noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated he had been informed that someone in the
audience desired to speak with reference to this application) however, there
was no response from the floor.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of C. & L. Enterprises for 2
1¢ slots, 1 slot and 2 payout pins at Ace Liquor, 22 Fremont Street, be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye) noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

1-6-60

PAYROLL WARRANTS
Approved

SERVICE & MATERLAL
WARRANTS

Approved

URBAN RENEWAL WARRANTS
Approved

TRANSFER OF CREDIT
UNION WITHHOLDING

Approved

MINUTES

December 8, 1959
Approved

MINUTES

December 16, 1959
Approved

MINUTES

December 29, 1959
Approved

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional Owner
Approved

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Ace Liquor
Approved
Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional
gaming licenses he approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the licenses:

The Horseshoe Club	128	Fremont	Edward	Levinson	2	"21"

The Westerner	23 Fremont	George	Arquilla	4 	1¢ Slots

Fremont Hotel, Inc.	200	Fremont	Edward	Levinson	2	"21"

Golden Nugget, Inc.	129	Fremont	Golden	Nugget, Inc.	10 Slots

12-1-59

Golden Nugget, Inc. 129 Fremont Golden Nugget, Inc. 10 Slots

1-1-60

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Joseph Nosanchuck, one of the officers of the Clark County
Licensed Beverage Association, respectfully requested that the
Commission withhold action on this application. He stated at the time
the license was issued to Joe Julian the Commission unanimously passed
a resolution to the effect that no new licenses would be issued until
the new Liquor Control Ordinance has been considered and adopted.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Thriftimart, Inc. for a
package liquor license be held in abeyance.

Commissioner Sharp explained that the proposed new Liquor Ordinance
very definitely defines the liquor licenses available to supermarkets
and shopping centers; that the Ordinance has been corrected and
redrafted by the City Attorney's office, and that he, together with
Commissioner Whipple, would like to hold another public hearing on
this Ordinance early next week.

City Attorney Cory advised the revised Ordinance was being printed and
would be off the press before the end of the week.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Marion Haun, Manager,
for a tobacco license at Thriftimart, Inc., 1808 E. Charleston
Boulevard, be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Elwell moved the following applications for Cigarette
Licenses for additional locations be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Huber's Texaco	1426 L.V.Blvd.S.	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

Showboat Hotel	2800 Fremont	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

Burnette's Flying	2400 W. Bonanza	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

"A" Service

T.I.E. Club, Inc.	306 N. 9th St.	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

Moneyhan Service	1935 Fremont	Smokey	Cigarette Co.

Austin Drug	#3	2401 E. Bonanza	K. S. Austin

Gene's Auto	Body	1528 S. "A"	St.	Sutton	Vending	Mach.

Shop

Busy Owl Cafe	129 N. 4th St.	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Tony's Cafe	410 W. Bonanza	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Cy's Furniture Co.	707 N. Main	St.	Sutton	Vending	Mach.

Desert Aire	Cafe	636 N. Main	St.	Sutton	Vending	Mach.

The Keg Room	25th & Bonanza	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Desert Drug	603 Van Buren	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Burlington Trwys.	123 S. 1st St.	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Depot

Mario's Rest.	1700 E. Charleston	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Ace Liquors	22 Fremont	Sutton	Vending Mach.

Modern Barber Shop	113½ N. 3rd St.	Warne's	Vending

Jo-Syd Hair Designers 15 E. Oakey Blvd.	Warne's Vending

Georgia's Beauty	118 L.V.Blvd. N.	Warne's	Vending

Salon

J & C Garage	24 W. Calif. Ave.	Warne's	Vending

El Cholo Cafe	625 L.V. Blvd. S.	Smokey Cigarette Co.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Deputy Planning Director Don Saylor advised that, although this item
appeared on the agenda in the name of Jessie N. Hunt, it was, in
effect, an application for a Use Permit to allow the Mesquite Club to
build a new building on property located on the south side of St.

Louis Avenue, approximately 300' east of South Sixth Street. He
stated that the Mesquite Club had under option a parcel along St.

Louis Avenue, having a frontage of 150' and a depth of approximately
300'. He informed the Commission the City Attorney had ruled that the
Mesquite Club qualified as a quasi-public use.

1-6-60

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Thriftimart, Inc.
Held in Abeyance

TOBACCO APPLICATIONS
New

Thriftimart, Inc.
Approved.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
Additional Locations
Approved

USE PERMIT U-31-59
Jessie N. Hunt
Approved
Approval was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the
following conditions:	(There were four protests from property owners, two

located on Bonita and two on South Sixth Street).

1.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond sufficient to
cover cost of offsite improvements, as recommended by the Engineering
Department.

2.	Conformance to the plot plan.

3. Parking area to be surfaced with asphaltic concrete.

Commissioner Sharp inquired as to the basis of the protests and Deputy
Planning Director Saylor replied that the property owners felt if this Use
Permit were granted the Mesquite Club, it would open the door for the erec-
tion of other buildings not compatible to the surrounding area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Jessie N. Hunt for a Use
Permit to place a building approximately 70' x 100' on property 330' east
of South Sixth Street, on the south side of St. Louis Avenue, to house the
Mesquite Club, legally described as a portion of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Sec.
3, T21S, R61E, M.D.B. & M., in an R-1 zone, be approved, as recommended by
the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the conditions set out above.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Deputy Planning Director Saylor stated Dr. Mario Ionides desired to utilize
a portion of a building, located in an R-4 zone, on the south side of
Carson Street, immediately east of the alley, between 9th and 10th Streets,
for offices.

Approval was recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the
following conditions:	(There were no protests).

1.	Sighing of an improvement agreement and filing of bond for the installa-
tion of offsite improvements, as recommended by the Engineering Depart-
ment .

2.	Conformance to Fire Zone #2 regulations and the construction of a trash
enclosure suitable to Building and Fire Department regulations.

3. Conformance to plot plan with asphaltic concrete surfacing on the
parking lot.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Dr. Mario Ionides for a Use
Permit to operate a professional office at 917 Carson Street, between 9th
and 10th Streets, on the south side of Carson Street, legally described as
the W½ of Lots 17, 18, 19, 20 and 21, in Block 6, Pioneer Heights, in an
R-4 zone, be approved, as recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment and
subject to the conditions stated by the Board of Zoning Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain on stipulation that there is
strict conformance with Paragraph 2 of conditions laid down by the Board of
Zoning Adjustment, and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Elwell

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Deputy Planning Director Don Saylor stated this proposal would eliminate
three parking meters along the north side of Carson, to be replaced by a
no parking zone, permitting a free zone for entrance into Sears' parking
lot. In addition, a "No Left Turn" sign would be installed to prevent
eastbound traffic from cutting across Carson and entering the parking lot,
thus greatly facilitating movement into the parking lot.

Commissioner Elwell moved the recommendation of the Traffic & Parking
Commission for the removal of three parking meters and the installation of
a "No Parking Zone" on the north side of Carson, beginning at 6th Street
and continuing east a distance of 140' be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the bids received for Bid #I-24-59 for paving on
the south side of Washington Avenue, from Twin Lakes Drive to Tonopah High-
way. Public Works Department recommended Wells Cargo, Inc. be awarded the
contract for their low bid in the amount of $5500.95; second bid received
from Ideal Asphalt was in the amount of $6347.25.

Commissioner Sharp moved Bid #I-24-59 be awarded to Wells Cargo, Inc. for
their low bid in the amount of $5500.95.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the bids received for Bid #I-25-59 for furnishing
of 200 tons of emulsified asphalt. Public Works Department recommended
American Bitumuls & Asphalt Company be awarded the contract for their low
bid in the amount of $7900.00; second bid received from Douglas Oil Company
in the amount of $8200.00; Engineer's Estimate was $8575.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved Bid #I-25-59 be awarded to American Bitumuls &
Asphalt Company for their low bid in the amount of $7900.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

1-6-60

USE PERMIT U-32-59
Dr. Mario Ionides
Approved

NO PARKING ZONE

N. Side Carson,
from 6th Street East

Approved

BID #I-24-59

Washington Ave. Paving
South Side - Twin Lakes
Dr. to Tonopah Highway

Wells Cargo, Inc.

Award

BID #I-25-59

200 Tons Emulsified
Asphalt

American Bitumuls &
Asphalt Company

Award
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and. His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated the plans, specifications and
estimate of cost for street lighting between 6th Street and East
Charleston Boulevard on Fremont, and proposed widening from 7th Street
to 14th Street on Fremont have been filed with the City Clerk.

Department of Public Works recommended that an Emergency Ordinance,
creating an Assessment District and providing for a public hearing be
prepared.

Commissioner Fountain inquired what percentage of the property owners
were in favor of the Assessment District. Director of Public Works
Sauer advised that of the 86 property owners, 51.1% were in favor of
the Assessment District, 10.5% were opposed, and 38.4% gave no reply;
on the basis of front footage, 54.9% were in favor, 12.4% opposed, and
32.7% gave no reply. Mr. Sauer went on to say that at the time the
Assessment District was first established it went from Charleston
Boulevard to 6th Street on Fremont; however, the property owners
between 6th and 7th Streets have no desire to be included in the
Assessment District, and following the Public Hearing, which would be
the next stop in the creation of this Assessment District, the Commission
has authority to reduce the district from 7th Street to Charleston
Boulevard for lighting, and from 7th to 14th Streets for widening.

An Ordinance entitled:	EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 817 AN EMERGENCY

ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF
THE CITY OF LAE VEGAS, NEVADA, TO MAKE CERTAIN PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS IN
SAID CITY BY INSTALLING STREET LIGHTING ON FREMONT STREET FROM SIXTH
STREET TO THE INTERSECTION OF EAST CHARLESTON BOULEVARD AND STREET
WIDENING ON FREMONT STREET FROM SEVENTH STREET TO FOURTEENTH STREET;

TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-28 FOR THE
PURPOSE OF MAKING SAID IMPROVEMENTS; AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COSTS
AND EXPENSE THEREOF BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS MADE ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE;
FIXING A TIME IN WHICH PROTESTS AGAINST THE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS FOR
THE CREATION OF SUCH DISTRICT MAY BE HEARD AND CONSIDERED BY SAID
BOARD; DIRECTING NOTICE THEREOF TO BE GIVEN; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO; AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY, was read by title by
City Attorney Cory, who stated that the time of the Public Hearing
was fixed in the Ordinance for Wednesday, February 3rd, at 7:30 P.M.,
and that this would be published in the newspaper after the Ordinance
is adopted.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 817 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The following Resolution was then read by City Attorney Cory:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
have taken steps to create certain public improvements, all as
provided in Emergency Ordinance No. 817, passed, adopted and approved
this 6th day of January, 1960; and

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 817 discloses the intention
and determination of said Board of Commissioners to create said
district and construct said improvements by special assessment made
according to frontage; and

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 817 provides a time certain
for hearing protests against said proposed improvements and directing
the notice thereof to be given, such time of the protest hearing
being 7:30 o'clock P.M., PST, on the 3rd day of February, 1960,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day
of January, 1960, that the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners, be and she is hereby directed to publish notice of said
hearing once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners be, and she is hereby directed to post notice of
said hearing in at least three public places near the site of the
proposed work; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners be, and she is hereby directed to mail a copy of said
notice, postage prepaid, as first class mail, at least fifteen (15)
days prior to said hearing, to the last known address of each last
known owner of land in the district whose property will be assessed
for the cost of the improvement, such addresses and owners being those
appearing on the local property assessment rolls for general (ad
valorem) taxes of the County of Clark, wherein said property is
located; and

1-6-60

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
100-28

Fremont St. Lighting
and Widening

Emergency Ordinance
No. 817 Adopted

RESOLUTION ADOPTED
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such Notice shall he in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of January, 1960.

ATTEST:

/s/ Edwina M. Cole______

City Clerk

/s/ Oran K. Gragson__________

Mayor

SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE
SEWER

U. P. Railroad Right-of-
Way

Agreement Approved

BID #59.57 - TRAFFIC
SIGNAL

Highland Dr. &
Charleston Blvd. and
Highland Dr. at Bonanza

BID #59.60

Painting Exteriors of
Dula Memorial &
Municipal Pool
Buildings

PARKING REMOVAL FOR
STREET CLEANING
PURPOSES

Fremont, from Main to
7th from 4:30 to 5:00
A.M.

Held in Abeyance

QUITCLAIM DEED

Dan H. Plunkett, Edward
J. & Marjorie Barrick,
Sam & Mary Ziegman, &
Rex A. Jarrett to City of
Las Vegas

Resolution of
Acceptance Adopted

Commissioner Sharp moved that the above Resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission considered the agreement between the Union Pacific Railroad
Company and the City of Las Vegas, covering the construction of a 24"
sanitary sewer across the Union Pacific Railroad right-of-way on San
Francisco Avenue.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Agreement be approved and His Honor,
Mayor Gragson, authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved final payment in the amount of $2,067.40 be
made to Nevada Electric Company for work which has been completed under
Contract #211H.12, Bid #59-57, for the installation of traffic signal at
Highland Drive and Charleston Boulevard and Highland Drive at Bonanza and
the General Insurance Company of American Performance and Payment Bonds be
released. He added that he would like the Department of Public Works to
commend Nevada Electric Company for the wonderful job done by them on this
project.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved final payment in the amount of $471.78 be made to
Sharpe's Paint Company for work which has been completed under Contract
#671H.13, Bid #59.60, for exterior painting of Dula Memorial Building and
Municipal Pool Building, and the General Insurance Company of America
Performance and Payment Bonds be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Director of Public Works Sauer reported that 19 letters had been sent out
to operators of businesses on Fremont Street, which were conducted at
night, inquiring if they were in favor of restricting parking along Fremont
Street from 4:30 to 5:00 A.M., for street cleaning purposes; 15 replies had
been received which favored the proposed parking ban, 3 businesses had not
replied, and one letter had been sent to the Silver Palace, which was not
operating. Mr. Sauer stated that it was proposed to ban parking between
2:00 and 4:30 A.M. on alternate side streets and, in that way, all the
streets could be cleaned between 2:00 and 5:00 A.M. and there still would
be parking available.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if it was intended to post signs to this effect
and Mr. Sauer replied in the affirmative.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be held in abeyance, pending further
investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following Resolution of Acceptance be
adopted for Quitclaim Deed to the City of Las Vegas from Dan H. Plunkett,
Edward J. and Marjorie Barrick, Sam and Mary Ziegman, and Rex A. Jarrett
for a 30' right-of-way strip on the north one-half of San Francisco Avenue
west to the Railroad right-of-way for approximately 1,000':

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E. W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is
adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of January, 1960, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed, dated the 9th day of December, 1959, executed by

Dan H. Plunkett, Edward J. Barrick; Sam Ziegman and Rex A. Jarrett

1-6-60
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of public uses; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the
County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this
resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Edwina M. Cole City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,
true and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached
hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 6th day of January, 1960.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal this 11th day of January, 1960.

/s/ Edwina M. Cole___________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By_________________Deputy

FOR:	San Francisco Ave.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised the Commission that in
December, 1945, the City entered into a contract with Theodore
Michelas for the purpose of furnishing water on the South Meadows
Addition to operate sprinklers. He stated it was necessary to maintain
a minimum pressure of 45 to 50 pounds to properly operate the sprinklers;
however, the Park Department had complained that not enough pressure
was maintained and, as a result, the grass died and had to be reseeded.
During June the pressure was read for ten days and the maximum pressure
during that time was 32 pounds - it ranged from 25 to 32 pounds. Mr.
Sauer concluded by saying he had submitted a letter to the City
Attorney requesting that Mr. Michelas be instructed to meet the
requirements of this Agreement.

Commissioner Fountain inquired whether this was the only location
involved in the Agreement. City Attorney Cory explained this water
agreement only covered water necessary to maintain the park and had
nothing to do with water for homes. He stated Mr. Michelas had
appeared before the City Manager, the Department of Public Works, and
the Fire Department (at which times he was represented by counsel) and
repeatedly had been urged to keep the pressure up, but had done nothing
to relieve the situation. Mr. Cory advised the first meeting with
Mr. Michelas was held sometime last March or April, 1959, but there
were a series of meetings all during the summer, and that nothing had
been done by Mr. Michelas to correct the condition. It was Mr. Cory's
recommendation that a letter be sent Mr. Michelas, advising him the
Water Agreement of December, 1945, would be terminated 30 days from
the date of the letter.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Water Agreement of December,

1945, between Theodore Michelas and the City of Las Vegas be terminated
on thirty days' written notice and that the City Attorney be instructed
to so advise Mr. Michelas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:00 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at
the hour of 8:40 P.M., with all members present as of the opening
session.

-0O0-

Commissioner Fountain moved the following Charitable Solicitations
Permits, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:

Camp Fire Girls, L.V. Area Council - Candy sale

First Methodist Church	- Rummage sale

Goodfellows - Las Vegas Firemen - Sale of Special Edition of

L. V. Sun

Clark County Panhellenic Assn.	- Card Party

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

1-6-60

WATER AGREEMENT, DEC., 1945

Theodore Michelas and City
of Las Vegas

Termination Approved

CHARITABLE

SOLICITATIONS PERMITS
Approved
Mr. James A. Brennan, Attorney, informed the Commission that since the last
meeting his client, Robert D. Lawrence, had gone to Texas and taken care of
four outstanding warrants by paying fines; that it took only one day to
accomplish this and Mr. Lawrence left for San Diego the following day. He
stated the fact that it took Mr. Lawrence only one day to take care of
these outstanding warrants was a good indication of what Texas thought of
its own laws and how serious these charges were. He reminded the Commission
that he previously pointed out the significance of these charges, as
illustrated by Look Magazine. Mr. Brennan stated the very actions his
client was arrested for in Texas were now legal in Texas.

Mr. Brennan informed the Commission that Mr. Lawrence had previously operated
in Las Vegas, under local laws, for sometime; that he had operated the Bar
of Music on the Strip and, during this time, Mr. Lawrence's record was
100% clean. It was necessary for Mr. Lawrence to go to Texas because he had
substantial investments there and had to protect them; however, he did not
operate a dive or anything of that nature in Texas, but had some fine
entertainment, such as the Treniers and Johnnie Mathis, and, as a matter of
fact, conducted such a fine establishment that it caused the other Clubs to
suffer. It was Mr. Brennan's thought that although there were approximately
12 or 14 violations, it was indicative of the seriousness of these charges
that on the 12th or 14th violation the fine was the same as on the first
violation. He stated if a person were picked up in Las Vegas 12 or 14
times, he would be fined the maximum of $500.00 and spend six months in
jail.

Commissioner Fountain inquired if Mr. Lawrence went back and cleared up 4
warrants in two days by posting and forfeiting a bond.

Mr. Brennan stated Mr. Lawrence had done this previously but since the last
Commission meeting Mr. Lawrence had spent one day in Texas and cleared up
4 warrants by paying a nominal fine on each one.

Mayor Gragson stated this was done on outstanding warrants, but Mr.

Lawrence had previously posted bail on those warrants.

Commissioner Fountain inquired if Mr. Lawrence was a paid employee at
Peyton Place.

Mr. Brennan replied in the affirmative and continued by stating that in
Texas they elect a wet Sheriff to keep the people down there happy. He
stated he did not think Las Vegas should give any more recognition to Texas
Blue Sky Laws than is given to New England Blue Sky Laws; that it was
ridiculous to have to operate under such laws; further, he couldn't see the
laws his client violated in Texas were more serious than someone engaging
in gambling outside the State of Nevada, except in the latter instance the
person was more or less lucky and did not get caught. It was Mr. Brennan's
opinion that the ambiguity of the Texas laws should be taken into consideration.
He requested the Commission to disregard Mr. Lawrence's actions in Texas,
which covered a small portion of his client's lifetime, and, instead,
consider his past and present history while in Las Vegas. Mr. Brennan
pointed out that Mr. Lawrence had no record before going to Texas; that
Mr. Lawrence has had a Clark County Sheriff's card and a Police Department
card, and his employment at Peyton Place justified the fact that he is a
citizen who can be trusted to operate this type of business. Mr. Brennan
concluded with the statement that Mr. Lawrence's brief stay in Texas was the
only thing against him in his lifetime and requested that the Commission
pass his client and not hold Mr. Lawrence's brief stay in Texas against him.

Commissioner Sharp inquired whether Mr. Lawrence would be willing to appear
before the Board and to this Mr. Brennan replied that he would.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Robert D. Lawrence for a 50%

- interest in Patrick's Peyton Place be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

An Emergency Ordinance entitled:	AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO AMEND EMERGENCY

ORDINANCE NO. 815; PROHIBITING FALSE AND FRAUDULENT ADVERTISING, INCLUDING
ADVERTISING OF RATES AND SERVICES OF HOTELS, INNS, MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS,

BOARDING HOUSES AND LODGING HOUSES WITHIN THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS; PROVIDING
PENALTIES THEREFOR; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO;

REPEALING ALL OTHER ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH;

AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY was read by title.

Commissioner Elwell moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 818 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

A proposed Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF

ORDINANCE NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF THE SAID
MAP was read by title.

City Attorney Cory recommended that this be referred to a Committee.

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Additional Owner
Robert D. Lawrence
Held in Abeyance

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE #818
Adopted

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning Z-5 and

z-39-59

Referred to Committee
SALARY INCREASES
January 1, 1960
Approved

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, referred this proposed Ordinance to Commissioners
Elwell and Whipple for recommendation.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following salary increases for
January 1, 1960, as approved by the Board of Civil Service Trustees,
he approved:

Name

Maxwell, Barbara
Gardner, Elmer
Skelton, John
Avants, Beecher E.
Foster, William B.
Smith, Kathryn E.
Johnson, Marilyn
Mumby, Dorothy
Kinard, Dirl
Burke, James F.
Leavitt, Gerald K.
Leavitt, LeRoy
Zepeda, Carlos G.
Neville, William W.
Berntsen, Ruby
McDonald, Una
Polk, Bernard F.
Hodges, Arthur L.
Baggs, Melvin
Winn, C. Gene
Lawhorn, Thomas E.
McDaniel, Bobby G.

PRISONER RELEASE
Keith Elwood Perkins
Authorized

NEVADA DAY SOUVENIR
PROGRAM AD

Payment Approved

YOUTH ADVISORY COUNCIL

Resignation of
Mrs. R. L. Gresham

Accepted

NEVADA CLUB FISHING
CONTEST

Held in Abeyance

CHILD WELFARE BOARD

Contagious Disease Ward
Availability

Approved

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the
necessary papers releasing prisoner Keith Elwood Perkins.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that in 1959 authorization
had been given to place an ad in the Nevada Day Souvenir Program, on
condition that such ad was submitted to the City Manager's Office
for proofreading before final printing; however, this had not been
done, due to an oversight; therefore, payment had not been made.

Commissioner Fountain moved payment of this ad in the amount of $50.00
be approved and the Director of Finance and City Treasurer authorized
to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the resignation of Mrs. R. L. Gresham as
a member of the Youth Advisory Council be accepted and a letter of
commendation and Certificate of Appreciation sent Mrs. Gresham.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved that approval of a Fishing Contest, to
be conducted by the Nevada Club, be held in abeyance, pending a
meeting with the Club owners on the Giveaway Resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Mr. Jack Pursel, Chairman
of the Child Welfare Board, requesting the Commission to take whatever
steps are necessary to make the contagious disease ward at Southern
Nevada Memorial Hospital available to children 24 hours a day. Mr.
Kennedy stated he thought it would be necessary to have the Doctor
on duty examine children and admit them, if he saw fit, as only the
Doctor on duty could do this.

It was the suggestion of City Attorney Cory that the City should go
on record as requesting this type of service be afforded.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of the Chairman of the
Child Welfare Board be approved and steps taken, as recommended by
the City Manager, to make the contagious disease ward at the Southern
Nevada Memorial Hospital available to children 24 hours a day.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

1-6-60

Dept.

Municipal Court
Police

" "

" "

" "

" "
" "

Fire

" "
" "
" "

Animal Shelter
Library

" "

P.W.Sewage Disp.
"" Street

" "
" "
" "

Step Sched.	Dollars
Commissioner Sharp moved the statement of the Nevada State Department of
Health in the amount of $542.00, being the City's proportionate share in
the cost of a secretary for the Mentally Retarded Program for the period
January 1 through March 31, 1960, be approved and the Director of Finance
and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that D. D. Smalley had tendered
his resignation as a member of the Board of Electrical Examiners, due to the
fact that he was leaving the area. Mr. Kennedy also mentioned that he had
received a resignation from Mr. A. B. Hillis.

Commissioner Sharp moved the resignations of Mr. Smalley and Mr. Hillis be
accepted; that Mr. J. W. Martindell be appointed to fill the vacancy created
by Mr. Smalley's resignation, and that the matter of appointing Mr. Paul
Smith Carter to fill Mr. Hillis' place be held in abeyance until the next
meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented the application of Sam Eisenberg and
Arthur M. Faircloth to take over the license and ownership of the New
Yorker Bar, presently operated by Sy Husney, adding that there was a
favorable police report on this application.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Sam Eisenberg and Arthur M.
Faircloth to take over the license and ownership of the New Yorker Bar be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue be authorized to effect
the change.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the City of North Las Vegas
to purchase 40 acres of land owned by the City of Las Vegas, situate in
North Las Vegas and on which the City of North Las Vegas has built the
American Legion and V. F. W. Club House. It was the desire of the City of
North Las Vegas to purchase this property on a term purchase or trade
property of equal value.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance, pending further
study of the situation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to send a letter to
Msgr. Donald Carmody, Bishop of Gorman High School, advising it would not
be possible for the City to continue operating the swimming pool at Gorman
High School, due to the excessive cost.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Municipal Judge Richards for 23
days' leave be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Calvin Magleby, who acted as Municipal Judge
on December 8, 9, 11 and 15, and Herbert M. Jones, who acted as Municipal
Judge on December 1, 2, 4, 7, 10 and 14, be paid the respective sums of
$178.00 and $213.60 for their services, and that the Director of Finance
and City Treasurer be authorized to issue the warrants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye) noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented appraisals from New Era Offset and Brimmie's
for printing Building Department forms, heretofore approved; and used in
issuing Building Permits.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be sent out for bid on an informal
basis to all local printers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

1-6-60

NEVADA STATE HEALTH
DEPARTMENT

Participation in Cost
of Secretary

Approved

BOARD OF ELECTRICAL
EXAMINERS

Appointment Made

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New Yorker Bar
New Owners
Approved

LAND PURCHASE BY
CITY OF NORTH LAS VEGAS

Held in Abeyance

GORMAN HIGH SWIMMING
POOL

Discontinued Operation
Approved

MUNICIPAL COURT JUDGE
Request for Leave
Approved

ACTING MUNICIPAL COURT
JUDGES

Payment Approved

BUILDING PERMIT FORMS

Approved to Receive
Informal Bids
City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase order to Las Vegas Fence &
Supply Co. in the amount of $1037.55 for 745' of chain link fence for
Cragin Park for approval. He stated this was the lowest hid which
had been received.

Commissioner Sharp moved the purchase order to Las Vegas Fence &

Supply Co. in the amount of $1037.55 for 745' of chain link fence be
approved. In this connection, Commissioner Sharp cautioned that in
instances of this type everyone should be contacted who does this
particular type of work, as he thought it only fair to give everyone
an opportunity to do business with the City, so there would be no
reason for criticism. He added that no criticism was intended; he
just wanted to make sure everyone was given a chance to bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented a request from two Reno, Nevada,
newspapers that the City of Las Vegas take an ad in a special edition
being put out for the purpose of attracting tourists and industry.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City's participation in this advertising
be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

A discussion followed with reference to the City participating with
the Convention Center in advertising at Squaw Valley at a cost to the
City of approximately $600.00.

 Commissioner Sharp moved the work order for the Engineering cost in
the amount of $101,344.50 be approved and the Director of Finance
and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Judge Richards that the
salary of Municipal Court Clerk Barbara Maxwell be increased from
$370 to $450 per month and the salary of Senior Records Clerk Louise
Conley be increased from Schedule 20 to Schedule 22. Mr. Kennedy
stated, although there was some equity in this request and he was of
the opinion the salaries should be changed, it would be necessary to
make a thorough study of salaries first. It was Mr. Kennedy's recom-
mendation that the salary of Barbara Maxwell should not go from
$370 to $450 per month, but that this matter and the matter of
increasing the salary of Louise Conley should be held in abeyance,
pending further investigation of salaries.

Commissioner Fountain stated he had made a very careful study of the
situation; that Barbara Maxwell had four employees under her
supervision, and moved that the salary of Barbara Maxwell be raised
from $370 to $450 per month, retroactive to January 1, 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, and His Honor, Mayor Gragson

voting aye; Commissioner Sharp voting no. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the salary of Louise Conley be increased
from Schedule 20 to 22.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Police Department
that the City enter into a contract, on a retainer basis of $90 per
month, with Mr. Paul Richert, a graduate chemist who had been used by
the Police Department for the past two years for the purpose of
making analyses of drugs, blood, chemicals, etc. It was brought out
that Mr. Richert was an expert witness in the field of analyses and
would be accepted as such in the City, District and Federal Courts;
in addition, there would be a considerable saving to the City in
employing Mr. Richert on a monthly retainer basis, rather than paying
for each analysis and each Court appearance.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the retainer of Mr. Paul Richert
as a chemist by the Police Department at a monthly retainer of $90.00
be approved, and the Mayor authorized to sign a contract to this effect.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

1-6-60

PURCHASE ORDER
745' Chain Link Fence
Approved

RENO NEWSPAPER
ADVERTISING

Denied

SQUAW VALLEY
ADVERTISING
Discussion

CEDAR AND

SAN FRANCISCO AVENUES
Interceptor Sewers
Work Order Approved

SALARY INCREASES

Barbara Maxwell and
Louise Conley

Approved

RETAINER OF CHEMIST
Approved
Commissioner Fountain stated he though His Honor, Mayor Gragson, should
send letters of Commendation to Officer Ocie Pigford and Officer Francis
Macauley for their fine work in apprehending Richard Eugene Hickock and
Perry Edward Smith, who were wanted by the Kansas Authorities in connection
with a murder.

Police Chief Sheffer informed the Commission this had already been done.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO.

378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF IAS VEGAS, NEVADA,

1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF THE SAID MAP was
read by title and reported on favorably by Commissioners Elwell and
Fountain, committee for recommendation.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 819 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Plumbing Code Ordinance,
which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners held November 18, 1959, and referred to Commissioners
Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 521 AND

ORDINANCE NO. 736, DEALING WITH THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A PUBLIC POUND IN
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROVIDING FOR FEES FOR SERVICES PERFORMED BY THE
POUNDKEEPER; PROVIDING FOR STORAGE AND PICKUP OF DEAD ANIMALS; PROVIDING
FOR COPULATING DOGS; PROVIDING FOR THE POUND MASTER TO ISSUE CITATIONS;

AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH
was read by title and reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and
Sharp, committee for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 820 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of
9:45 P.M. Commissioner Sharp moved this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

MINUTES	Las Vegas, Nevada

January 20, 1960

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held this 20th day of January, 1960, was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	William H. Elwell

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

City Attorney	Calvin M. Cory

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Edwina M. Cole

The meeting was called to order by His Honor, Mayor Gragson, and the Pledge
of Allegiance was given.

Rt. Rev. Msgr. Empey, Pastor of St. Joan of Arc's Catholic Church, gave the
Invocation.

1-6-60 and 1-20-60

PLEDGE OF
ALLEGIANCE

INVOCATION

COMMENDATION OF
OFFICERS PIGFORD AND
MACAULEY

Discussion

ORDINANCE NO. 819
Rezoning Z-29-59
Adopted

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code
Continued

ORDINANCE NO. 820

Animal & Fowl
Ordinance Amendment

Adopted
Commissioner Whipple moved Regular Payroll Warrants Nos. 44900 to
45458, in the net amount of $84,184.80, for the pay period January
1 - January 15, 1960, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved Service & Material Warrants Nos. 4o83
to 4291 in the net amount of $138,504.77 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of the Regular Meeting of
January 6, 1960, be approved by reference and the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following Charitable Solicitations
Permits, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:

American Cancer Society - Governor's Ball, Automobile Raffle, Direct

Solicitation

American Legion Unit #8 - Flag sale

Nevada Heart Assoc. - Direct Solicitation for Funds

Musicians' Protective Union - Symphony Concert

Rose De Lima Hospital Aux. - Raffle and Dinner Dance

St. Christopher's Episcopal Church - Rummage Sale

Stardust Hotel Charities Foundation - Basketball Tournament

United Fund of Clark County - Appreciation Ball

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following Charitable Solicitations
Permit be denied, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board.

Police Athletic League - Raffle

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the following applications for additional
gaming licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the licenses:

Desert Aire Restaurant 636 N. Main J & H Vending Co. 1 Slot
Lucky Liquor	2002 E. Chrlstn Harry Levy	1 Pin Ball

Ace Liquor	22 Fremont C & L Enterprises 1 Pin Ball

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of William Gallagher for
a package liquor and beer bar license at Sports Liquor Store, 419 N.
Main, be approved, on the basis of favorable police report, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Marie Louise Mohs for a
Restaurant and Beverage License at Tony's Cafe, 410 W. Bonanza, be
approved on the basis of favorable police report and the Supervisor
of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Chris Economake for a
Restaurant and Beverage License for the Lake Company, dba Tip Top, at
5th & Charleston, be approved on the basis of favorable police report,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

1=20-60

PAYROLL WARRANTS
Approved

SERVICE & MATERIAL WARRANTS
Approved

MINUTES

January 6, 1960
Approved

CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS
PERMITS

Approved

CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS
PERMIT

Denied

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New Owner

Sports Liquor Store
Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New Owner
Tony's Cafe
Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Additional Owner
Lake Company, dba Tip Top
Approved
LIQUOR APPLICATION

Addition Owner

Patrick's Peyton Place

Held in Abeyance
Until after Recess

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
New

Sports Liquor Store
Approved

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
Additional Location
Long Horn Pit Bar-B-Que
Approved

FIREARMS PERMIT
New

Rod and Gun Center

ANNEXATION A-4-59
National Dollar Stores, Ltd.
Resolution Adopted

Commissioner Fountain stated he was under the impression that Mr. Lawrence
had been requested to appear before the Board of City Commissioners at
7:15 P.M. tonight, prior to this meeting.

Mr. Brennan, attorney representing Mr. Lawrence, informed the Board that he,
Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Lawrence's partner had been at City Hall at 6:55 P.M.,
waiting in the hall, to see the Board of City Commissioners. He advised
the Board that all doors leading to offices were locked and, although he
had knocked on several doors, he had received no answer.

It was decided to hold this matter in abeyance until after recess.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of William G. Gallagher for a
cigarette license at Sports Liquor Store, 419 N. Main, be approved and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Ralph T. Warne's Vending for
a cigarette license at Long Horn Pit Bar-B-Que, 122½ North Second Street,
be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue
the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson voting
aye; noes, none.

(Commissioner Sharp arrived at the meeting at this point.)

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of A. R. McKinley for a firearms
permit at Rod and Gun Center, 326 S. 3rd. Street, be approved on the basis
of favorable police report, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills stated a petition had recently been submitted by
National Dollar Stores for the annexation of an area which has been
enlarged to include 123 acres and which is located south of San Francisco
Avenue, west of the Union Pacific Railroad, east of the last recent
annexation, and east of the established line of the Interstate Freeway in
this location; that 15 property owners were included in this area and at
one time there were objections from some of them, but at present there were
no protests. Mr. Bills advised it was the recommendation of the Planning
Commission that this annexation be approved, as the Planning Commission was
satisfied the City could furnish services to this area in better fashion
than could be accomplished by any other method. Mr. Bills stated out of the
15 property owners concerned, 9 had indicated approval and the other 6
owned small individual lots within this area and had not been heard from;
however, at the present time, there was not a single protest. It was the
recommendation of the Planning Commission that the City adopt a resolution
of intention to annex this area.

Commissioner Fountain inquired if the 9 property owners who had indicated
approval of the annexation represented 95% of the property owners, to which
Mr. Bills replied in the affirmative.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted and that a
certified copy thereof be forwarded to the Chairman of the Board of County
Commissioners:

A RESOLUTION INDICATING THE INTENTION OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS TO ANNEX PROPERTY PRESENTLY INCLUDED
WITHIN THE UNINCORPORATED TOWN OF WINCHESTER, AND
NOTIFYING THE BOARD OF THE COMMISSIONERS OF CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA OF THIS INTENTION

WHEREAS, an investigation has been made into possible annexation
to the City of Las Vegas of certain areas in the unincorporated town of
Winchester in Clark County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, a majority of the property owners, as well as the owners
of an overwhelming majority of the taxable property of said area, which
consists of more than 60 acres, have indicated desire for annexation to the
City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas has
recommended the annexation of the hereinafter described property to the
City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners feels that said area may be
annexed and that said annexation will be in the public interest, and

WHEREAS, Ordinance 97 of the County of Clark provides that prior to
circulating a petition to annex, 60 days' notice of intention to annex must
be given to the Board of County Commissioners, and

1-20-60
WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners upon petition now filed
by a number of the property owners of this hereinafter described
property intends this Resolution to be a notice to the Board of County
Commissioners of the intention to annex to the City of Las Vegas, the
hereinafter described property consisting of more than 60 acres,
adjacent and contiguous to the limits of the City of Las Vegas and
located in the unincorporated Town of Winchester, all as provided by
N. R. S. 269.020, the Charter of the City of Las Vegas and County
Ordinance No. 97.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the
20th day of January, 1960, that the Board of County Commissioners be
and they are hereby notified that a petition to annex the hereinafter
described property to the City of Las Vegas has been received and
accepted by the City of Las Vegas.

THAT said property sought to be annexed is located in the
unincorporated Town of Winchester, Clark County Nevada; consists of
approximately 123 acres more or less, is adjacent and contiguous to the
boundaries of the City of Las Vegas and is particularly described as
follows:

PARCEL 1

A portion of the West ½ of Section 9, Township 21 South, Range 61 East,
MDB&M described as follows:

Beginning at the Northwest corner of Section 9, T21S, R61E, MDB&M
thence South 87° 15' 15" East a distance of 2019.55 feet to a point on
the West right-of-way line of the Union Pacific Railroad right-of-way
100 feet wide; thence South 27° 56' 15" West along the said West
right-of-way line a distance of 4374.15 feet more or less to the
intersection of said West right-of-way line with the West line of
Section 9 thence North 0° 28' 04" East a distance of 1335.16 feet to
the West corner of Section 9 thence North 0° 27' 45" East a distance
of 2626.10 feet to the point of beginning including therein the
Golden Gate-Industrial Subdivision as shown in Book 4 of Plats, Page
84, Clark County, Nevada,
and,

PARCEL 2

A portion of the Northeast of Section 8, T21S, R61E, MDB&M, and
being more particularly described as:

Commencing at the Northeast corner of the Northeast ¼ of Section 8,
T21S, R61E, MDB&M, thence South 0° 25' 21" West a distance of 650.46
feet to the true point of beginning thence South 35° 31' 49" Westa
distance of 2395.26 feet to a point thence South 88° 53' 16" East a
distance of 1377-65 feet to a point thence North 0° 25' 21" East
a distance of 1976.08 feet to the true point of beginning.

The area of said parcels is 123 acres more or less.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a certified copy of this Resolution
be forwarded immediately to the Chairman of the Board of County
Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 20th day of January, 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Louis Gold for
reclassification of a piece of property located at the northwest
corner of 7th and Bridger, from R-4 to C-2, and stated it was the
recommendation of the Planning Department and Planning Commission
that this piece of property, which is located well within the proposed
downtown area and within the proposed Assessment District be rezoned
as requested. Mr. Bills advised the Board the owner of this property
had indicated his approval of the Assessment District procedure; that
it was proposed to construct a hotel type operation on the property,
with the entire ground floor to be devoted to parking, and that the
Planning Department believed it was important, at this stage, that
property owners be encouraged to develop their property. He concluded
by stating full details of the proposed construction would be available
within a month and added there were no protests.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, inquired if any protestant was present in
the audience. There was no reply.

1-20-60

REZONING Z-32-59

Louis Gold
Approved
Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Louis Gold for reclassification
of property legally described as Lots 18, 19 and 20 in Block 5, Hawkins
Addition, and irregular Lot "H" in Wardie Addition, generally located on the
NW corner of 7th Street and Bridger Avenue from R-4 to C-2 be approved as
recommended by the Planning Commission, and the City Attorney instructed to
prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented a petition for vacation of an unimproved
portion of a street known as "M" Street, located between Jefferson and
Madison Avenue. Mr. Bills stated the Planning Commission had given
preliminary approval of a subdivision map which would, by its final
acceptance, provide the necessary additional dedication for "N" Street and,
with the dedication for "N" Street, "M" Street would no longer be needed.

He explained this was fundamentally the same procedure which was followed
in relation to Bonanza Terrace and Virginia Manor, to the north of this
property. Mr. Bills stated there were no protests of any kind and it was
the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition be approved
and a public hearing set.

Commissioner Sharp moved the petition of Woods Construction Co. for the
vacation of an unimproved right-of-way known as "M" Street, between its
intersection with Madison and Jefferson Streets, be approved, as recommended
by the Planning Commission, and public hearing set for 8:00 P.M., March 2,
1960, in the Council Chambers of the City Hall.

The Commission considered the application of Anthony Bulygo for reclassification
of property legally described as the N½ of the Eg of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of
the SW¼ of Sec. 33, T20S, R61E, M.D.B. & M., between Highland Drive and
Desert Lane, from R-1 to R-3.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the land use section of
the Master Plan, which would be before the Commission very shortly, now
indicates this for residential usage, but it was the opinion of the
Planning Commission that the frontage which abuts upon Highland Drive and
faces industrial property might better be developed with multiples than
singles. He stated there was one protest; however, the protestant was not
objecting to the change from R-1 to R-3, but wanted this area zoned
commercial, which had been denied three times by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Anthony Bulygo for reclassification
of property legally described as the Ng of the Eg of the SE¼ of the NE½ of
the SW¼ of Sec. 33, T20S, R61E, M.D.B. & M., between Highland Drive and
Desert Lane, from R-1 to R-3, be approved, as recommended by the Planning
Commission, and the City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary
ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Keith J. Rudd for
reclassification of a parcel of land at the northwest corner of Stewart and
25th Street from R-3 to R-4. Mr. Bills stated that in the overall zoning
map there is no R-4 anywhere north of approximately Sunrise Avenue, nor
east of Bruce Street, and most of the general planning for this area has
indicated the feasibility of not zoning this section R-4, which is double of
R-3. Mr. Bills pointed out a section on the map which indicated very
recent developments in accordance with R-3, and advised he could see no
reason why the property in question could not be developed as R-3. Mr.

Bills informed the Board there were six protests from adjacent property
owners and that it was the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
the application of Mr. Rudd be denied.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Keith J. Rudd for reclassification
of property legally described as Lots 27 through 32, Block 6, Boulder Dam
Homesite #4, generally located on the northwest corner of 25th Street and
Stewart, from R-3 to R-4, be denied, as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Herman E. Fisher and
Louisa Earl for reclassification of the W½ of the W½ of Lots 29, 30, 31
and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, and the Eg of the W½ of Lots 29, 30,

31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, generally located on the south side
of Bridger, between Las Vegas Boulevard South and Sixth Street, from C-1
to C-2, and stated, although the Planning Commission had recommended
approval of this rezoning and there were no protests, a couple of items had
come up on the matter since the meeting of the Planning Commission, of which
the Board should be aware. Mr. Bills suggested this matter be referred
back to the Planning Commission for further study.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Herman E. Fisher and Louisa
Earl for reclassification of the W½ of the W½ of Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32,

1-20-60

VACATION VAC-9-59

Woods Construction
Co.

Approved

Public Hearing Set

REZONING Z-38-59
Anthony Bulygo
Approved

REZONING Z-40-59
Keith J. Rudd
Denied

REZONING Z-41-59

Herman E. Fisher
and Louisa Earl

Held in Abeyance
Block 1 of Wardie Addition, and the E½ of the W½ of Lots 29, 30, 31
and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, generally located on the south
side of Bridger, between Las Vegas Boulevard South and Sixth Street,
from C-1 to C-2, be held in abeyance and referred back to the Planning
Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Norman A. Jacobson
and stated this requested that a parcel of land east of the proposed
Junior High School and bounding on the Golf Course be reclassified
from R-E to R-1. Mr. Bills advised that the Planning Commission had
indicated preliminary approval of this subdivision and explained that
if this were zoned R-l there would be approximately three lots to an
acre, whereas, on an R-E zoning, there could be only two lots to an
acre.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Norman A. Jacobson for
reclassification of property legally described as the E½ of the SW¼ of
the NE¼ of Sec. 30, T20S, R6lE, M.D.B. & M., comprising approximately
20 acres, generally located on the North side of Washington Avenue,
approximately 660' West of Twin Lakes Village Subdivision, from R-E to
R-1 be approved, as recommended by the Planning Commission, and the
City Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Grinnell Company
of the Pacific for reclassification of Lots 5 through 10, Block 3,

Moss Tract #2, generally located on the south side of Isabelle Avenue,
between 21st and 25th Streets, from R-1 to R-4. Mr. Bills explained
that these lots were in the middle of a block which is zoned R-1;
that, with the exception of two vacant lots, all other lots in the
immediate area had been developed with single family dwellings (some
within the past year); that to zone the 6 lots in question R-4 would
be incompatible with existing single family dwellings and, in addition,
would place an additional load on the sewer system, and it was the
recommendation of the Planning Commission that this application be
denied. Mr. Bills informed the Commission there were 63 protestants
to this proposed rezoning.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Grinnell Company of the
Pacific for reclassification of Lots 5 through 10, Block 3, Moss
Tract #2, generally located on the South side of Isabelle Avenue,
between 21st Street and 25th Street, from R-1 to R-4 be denied, as
recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the tentative map of Richfield Village #1,
submitted by O. J. Sherer.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Richfield Village #1,
generally located on the south side of San Francisco Avenue, West of
Rancho Road, submitted by O. J. Sherer, be approved, subject to the
following conditions, as recommended by the Planning Commission:

1.	The extension of the subdivision boundary along Teddy Drive to

the point where it connects the existing dedication on San
Francisco Avenue.

2.	Correction and addition of appropriate street names.

3.	Inclusion of all parcels within subdivision boundary which have

been marked "not a part of."

4.	Granting of utility easements outside the subdivision boundary.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His. Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the second revision of the tentative map
of the east ½ of Las Verdes Heights, generally located between Oakey
and San Francisco Avenue, west of Valley View, submitted by L. S.
Whaley.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of the east ½ of Las
Verdes Heights, submitted by L. S. Whaley, be approved, as recommended
by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

1-20-60

REZONING Z-42-59
Norman A. Jacobson
Approved

REZONING Z-43-59
Grinnell Company
Denied

RICHFIELD VILLAGE #1
Tentative Map
Approved

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS
Tentative Map
Second Revision
Approved
CITIZENS COMMITTEE ON
RENEWAL AND DEVELOPMENT

Organization Approved

NO PARKING ZONE

East side of Bruce, be-
tween Stewart and
Bonanza

Approved

REZONING Z-44-59
L. S. Whaley

Approved

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF
CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Request for Rezoning
of Parcels 1 and 2

Held in Abeyance

Planning Director Bills stated this was the recommended proposal for
setting in motion a City-wide Committee of Urban Renewal and Development
which is not to conflict with or supersedes the Urban Renewal Advisory
Committee presently operating in connection with the Westside project. Mr.
Bills informed the Commission this Committee would have a much broader look
at the total situation, and that the proposal, generally, was to ask the
leaders of different groups or organizations to discuss this among them-
selves and recommend to the Mayor and the Board a representative from their
group to be a member of this Committee. Mr. Bills advised that this method
was strongly recommended by other communities and that he had heard
considerable about it in Cincinnati. He went on to say that the Committee
would be comprised of 20 persons, 16 of whom would be selected in the
manner outlined above, and 4 of whom would be selected by the Board of
Directors of the Committee.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a Citizens Committee on Renewal and
Development be organized as outlined by Planning Director Bills.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the recommendation of the Traffic and
Parking Commission that a no parking zone be installed on the east side of
Bruce Street, between Stewart and Bonanza, from 6 A.M. to 6 P.M.

Mr. Bills explained that Bruce Street is designated as a secondary major
street; that due to additional activity in the Greater Las Vegas Tract and
Rancho High School, traffic is building up surprisingly on this street; that
because this section was developed in connection with older subdivisions,
the City only has a 60' right-of-way on Bruce Street, between Stewart and
Bonanza. Mr. Bills advised that traffic which is flowing freely on Bruce
Street south of Stewart and north of Bonanza is bottlenecked in this area
between Stewart and Bonanza and, therefore, it was the recommendation of
the Traffic and Parking Commission that the requested no parking zone be
installed. Mr. Bills informed the Commission that 19 property owners were
involved, all of whom had been contacted, and only 2 of these property
owners indicated any disapproval. He stated, further, that, for the most
part, the homes in this area fronted on side streets.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a no parking zone be installed on the east
side of Bruce Street, between Stewart and Bonanza from 6 A.M. to 6 P.M., as
recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

The next matter presented by Planning Director Bills was the application of
L. S. Whaley & Sons for reclassification of the southeast corner of Las
Verdes Heights Tract from R-1 to C-C. Mr. Bills stated that a detailed plot
plan had been submitted by L. S. Whaley & Sons, which had been checked as far

as parking, ingress and egress are concerned, and met all requirements and
qualifications. Although it was not contemplated to get this building
program under way for approximately two years, it was desired to get
approval on this rezoning now, to avoid any objections later on, by virtue
of the fact that people buying homes would know that a shopping center would
be built later. Mr. Bills concluded by saying that the Planning Commission
recommended approval of this rezoning.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of L. S. Whaley & Sons for
reclassification of property legally described as a portion of the SE¼ of the
SE¼ of Sec. 6, T21S, R61E from R-1 to C-C be approved and the City Attorney
instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that at a previous meeting a
letter had been presented from the Housing Authority, requesting a zone
change in two areas which are adjacent to the west of Marble Manor, which
go back to within 192' of Highland Drive, and which will be a buffer zone
between Highland Drive and the building project. Mr. Kennedy advised that
since then he had received a letter from the Housing Authority, offering to
sell this buffer zone to the City; that this matter had been checked into
and he could see no reason for the City buying it.

Attorney Herman M. Adams inquired if this was the next matter on the
agenda and stated he would like to ask if the Housing Authority had submitted
a new application or if this was a continuation of the application of the
Catholic Church.

City Manager Kennedy replied that this was not an application from the
Housing Authority, merely a letter from the Housing Authority which had been
held over from a previous meeting.

Attorney Adams then inquired if an application had been made to the Planning
Commission, and asked if it was not proper that application be made to the
Planning Commission first.

1-20-60
City Manager Kennedy then stated the request which he had presented
had been made to the Board of Commissioners.

Attorney Adams inquired if this was a privileged application and if
this was to be treated as an application of another body or another
entity for rezoning.

A discussion followed between Mr. Adams and City Attorney Cory regarding
the opinion rendered by the Attorney General and City Attorney Cory
stated this body was not going to litigate any facts, but if Mr. Adams
desired to present his position, he could do so.

Attorney Adams stated he did not think this matter should be given any
consideration other than that given regular applications for rezoning;
that if a corporation was involved, it would have to ask for rezoning,
and he believed the application should take the regular channels.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, inquired if Mr. Adams was protesting the
rezoning.

To this Attorney Adams made no reply but stated that before this
matter came up he had a conversation with Mr. Rulon Earl who stated he
would be willing to sit down with Mr. Adams, His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
and the Board to discuss this matter and arrive at some solution.

Commissioner Fountain inquired when Mr. Earl had made this statement
and Mr. Adams informed Commissioner Fountain that it was right
around the 1st of November, after the Attorney General's opinion had
been rendered; further, that he had a conversation with Mr. Earl last
week, at which time Mr. Earl indicated he would be willing to sell
the land to the City.

Commissioners Whipple and Fountain inquired whether Mr. Adams had
reference to the 190' buffer, and Mr. Adams replied he meant the 190'
buffer plus the R-1 property.

Mr. Kennedy stated this would be 2.651 acres.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, remarked this was not suitable for any of
the City's development and Mr. Adams agreed with this statement.

City Manager Kennedy remarked that this land was not suitable for
anything the City could put in unless the zoning was changed from
R-E by the Commission.

Attorney Adams stated he thought the Mayor had indicated to Mrs.

Longo that this would be restricted commercial, and Commissioner
Whipple inquired if the people whom Mr. Adams represented would be
agreeable to this.

Attorney Adams replied he had a meeting last night with the people
concerned and he thought this would be agreeable to them.

Commissioner Fountain asked Attorney Adams what price the Housing
Authority had put on this land, to which Attorney Adams replied,

"The same price they purchased it for --$4,000.00 an acre. I think
they would be willing to take dollar value or exchange land."

Commissioner Whipple stated he believed this matter should be held in
abeyance tonight and there should be a discussion with Mr. Earl or
the members of the Housing Authority and the Board of City Commissioners,
so that the Board might act on it at the next meeting.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if it was proposed to make everything on
Highland Drive R-4.

Mrs. Longo stated they did not desire R-4; they desired it zoned
controlled commercial; that they felt it wouldn't lend itself to any-
thing else but commercial.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if Attorney Adams was objecting to the
rezoning, and Mr. Adams stated he was here to find out what was
going on.

Commissioner Whipple inquired whether there would be any objection to
rezoning if the City purchased this property and had it rezoned to
commercial and moved this matter be held in abeyance. This motion
failed for lack of a second.

Mrs. Longo stated they wanted some security and stabilization along
Highland, so they would know where they stood.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, inquired of City Attorney Cory if there was
any reason why a motion to purchase this property could not be made
at this meeting.

City Attorney Cory urged that any such motion be conditioned upon an
agreement being reached; that when and if the City did purchase, it
would be a matter of private contract between the City and Housing
Authority. It was Mr. Cory's thought that the Board could go on

1-20-60
record as favoring the purchase, in the event the proposed meeting produced
the anticipated result.

Attorney Adams inquired if the rezoning for limited commercial could be
handled in the same transaction and City Attorney Cory stated it could be;
that it would depend on how fast the Planning Department could act on the
rezoning. Attorney Adams then indicated some doubt that it could be
handled in one transaction, mentioning that the legal notices would have
to out on the rezoning.

At this point Commissioner Fountain stated he thought it only fair to
inform Mr. Adams that the Commission would advise what they would do with
the property at the time they purchased it.

Commissioner Sharp said he would go along with the recommendation of the
Planning Commission.

Dr. McMillan inquired if a representative from the affected area would be
able to attend the proposed meeting, adding that it seemed "everyone in
Bonanza Village is determined to keep the negroes out of this."

Commissioner Whipple informed Dr. McMillan that this would be a public
meeting which anyone in Las Vegas could attend.

Mrs. Longo again stated it would be good only for commercial purposes.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the request for rezoning by the Housing
Authority be held in abeyance and that a meeting be set up between the
Housing Authority, the City Commission, the Planning Commission,
representatives of the groups present and that this be a public meeting
which anyone might attend.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp inquired of Attorney Adams if he represented all the
protestants present and Mr. Adams replied in the affirmative.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated the public meeting would be held on
Wednesday, January 27th, at 7:30 P.M., between the Planning Commission, the
Housing Authority, the Board of City Commissioners, all the people present
and anyone else who wished to attend.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:30 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at the
hour of 8:50 P.M., with all members present as of the opening session.

-0O0-

Planning Director Bills informed the Board that some time ago the Board
approved a house moving permit for a Mr. Murray Sanders. Mr. Bills stated
this arrangement had required considerable study, since it was a rather
sensitive location; that it came within the ordinance area which required
a minimum of 85O square feet of floor area and the property line of Mr.

Murray Sanders was coterminus with the redevelopment project area, so
particular care was given to this matter. An agreement had been prepared
which required Mr. and Mrs. Sanders to make an addition to this house
within six months to bring it into the 850' classification; further, that
work on this addition was to commence within 30 days. This agreement was
thoroughly explained to Mr. and Mrs. Sanders, after which it was signed
by them and notarized. A plot plan was attached to the agreement (which
had been prepared by the Planning and Building Departments) and this, also,
was explained to Mr. and Mrs. Sanders and they were informed that construction
would have to be in accordance with the plot plan, as stated in the
agreement. Mr. Bills continued by stating that the zoning in this particular
area is R-E, which requires a 50' setback from the street line. After
approval was given by the Board, the building was moved, located on the
property, plumbing was installed and then it was discovered that the
building was only 25' back from the street line. Mr. Bills said he had
been informed it would cost $2500.00 to move the building back 25' and,
although he did not condone the situation and did not condone the situation
within his own organization, which resulted in this technical violation of
the Zoning Code, it appeared in this case it could be condoned and not
have anyone hurt, as it would not be in violation when the area is rezoned.

He added that perhaps the City Attorney would prefer that no action be
taken.

City Attorney Cory stated he was not going to proceed against Mr. and Mrs.
Sanders for strict enforcement at this time.

Planning Director Bills stated if the Board had no objection, he would be
glad to request the Building Department to remove the tag which had been
placed on the building.

City Attorney Cory advised no motion would be necessary to have the tag
removed and Mr. Bills stated he just wanted to bring the matter to the
attention of the Board, in order that they might be acquainted with the
facts.

1-20-60

HOUSE MOVING
Murray Sanders
Report
BID #I-27-59

Printing of Permit Ap-
plication Forms

Award

USE PERMIT U-l-57

Dental Suite, Inc.

Acceptance of Off-site
Improvements and
Release of Bond

BID #59.15

Main Street Lighting-
Bonanza Road to North
City Limits

Final Payment and Release
of Bonds

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE UNIT #3
Acceptance of Final Plat

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS TRACT #8,
UNIT #4

Acceptance of Final Plat

BEVERLY GREEN TRACT #4

Acceptance of Completed
Construction and Release
of Bond

REMOVAL OF PARKING ON
FREMONT STREET FOR
CLEANING PURPOSES

Held in Abeyance

The Commission considered the bids received for Bid #I-27-59 for
printing of permit application forms. Public Works Department
recommended that Standard Register be awarded the contract for their
low bid of $843.25; the next lowest bid was from Bonanza Printers in
the amount of $1050.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved Bid #I-27-59 be awarded to Standard
Register for their low bid in the amount of $843.25.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the off-site improvements installed
under Use Permit U-l-57 for Dental Suite, Inc., located at 7th and
Gass intersection be accepted, and the Performance Bond of Fidelity
and Casualty Company of New York in the amount of $3232.35 released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved final payment in the amount of $1,777.17
be made to Acme Electric Company for work completed under Contract
#211H.10, Bid #59-15, for lighting on Main Street, from Bonanza Road
to the North City Limits, and the Royal Indemnity Company Performance
and Payment Bonds in the respective amounts of $17,771-74 and
$8,885.87 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Director of Public Works Sauer stated it was the recommendation of
the Public Works Department that the final plat for Golfridge Terrace
Unit #3, which had been submitted by Mr. Louis Miranti, be accepted,
subject to the receipt of a bond.

Commissioner Sharp inquired if Mr. Sauer had seen the water permit
and Mr. Sauer replied that he had seen a copy of a letter sent to
Mr. Miranti by the State Engineer, stating that a water permit would
be given, but that it had not yet been granted. He added he believed
there was still some question about its being granted, because of the
law suit now pending with the Las Vegas Valley Water District.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the final plat for Golfridge Terrace
Unit #3 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final plat submitted by Land O'Sun
Corp. for Charleston Heights Tract #8, Unit #4, be accepted, pending
receipt of the bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Public Works Director Sauer advised that all work had been completed,
with the exception of the repair of certain broken curbs and sidewalks,
and the work which had been completed had been inspected and found
satisfactory. He stated that Beverly Green Development Company had
submitted a certified check in the amount of $310.00, to cover the
replacement of the broken sidewalks and curbs, which are to be
corrected within a six months' period, and it was the recommendation
of the Public Works Department that the bond of Benefit Fire Insurance
Company be released and the completed offsite improvements accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the completed off-site improvements
installed by Beverly Green Development Company in Beverly Green
Tract #4 be accepted and the bond of Benefit Fire Insurance Company
be released and that approval be given the posting of a certified
check in the amount of $310.00, to cover the replacement of broken
sidewalks and curbs.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Public Works Director Sauer stated this matter had been held in
abeyance at the last meeting and it was now the recommendation of the
Public Works Department that parking be banned on Fremont Street only
from 4:30 A.M. to 5:00 A.M. for a trial period of 60 days. Mr. Sauer
stated out of town cars would be given a courtesy warning and local
cars would be given a courtesy warning the first two days and after
that they would be cited, in the event that failed to heed the parking
ban; in no event would cars be towed off.

1-20-60
Commissioner Elwell moved the matter of removing parking on Fremont Street
from 4:30 A.M. to 5:00 A.M. each, for street cleaning purposes, he held in
abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Public Works Director Sauer requested permission to go to bid for the
supplying of material and fabrication of standard pipes for the Rehabilitation
Farm Irrigation System.

No action was taken with regard to this; it was decided to endeavor to
secure secondhand pipe instead.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Department of Public Works be given permission
to enter into an agreement with the Nevada State Highway Department for the
installation of conduits in conjunction with the second barrel of the
Charleston Underpass for the purpose of installing proposed future traffic
signals at Second and "A" Streets on Charleston.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Nathan Levine for automobile damage
in the amount of $58.50 be denied and referred to the Insurance Agency, as
recommended by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Raimundo Cruz for automobile damage
in the amount of approximately $300.00 be denied and referred to the
Insurance Agency, as recommended by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Claire Naples for injuries sustained
while skating at the Convention Center in the present amount of $25.00 and
the anticipated future amount of $10.00 be denied, and referred to the
Insurance Agency, as recommended by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Sports Car Club of
America for renewal of their present lease for an additional term of one
year at an annual rental of $1.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved the lease with Sports Car Club of America for
property located on N. 2nd Street, between W. Bonanza Road and the American
Legion, be renewed for one year at an annual rental of $1.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy again presented the request of the Nevada Club to hold
a fishing contest in 1960 and thereafter, which had been held in abeyance
at the last meeting. It was decided no action would be taken on this
matter until the Resolution on Give-Aways had been adopted.

City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Judge Zenoff, requesting that
His Honor, Mayor Gragson, or one of the Commissioners, be appointed to
the Board of the Spring Mountain Youth Camp, to act in an advisory capacity.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated he would like to appoint Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
be approved and Commissioner Fountain be appointed to the Board of the
Spring Mountain Youth Camp.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting
aye; noes, none. Commissioner Fountain passed his vote.

City Manager Kennedy advised the General Fund Balance as of January 15, 1960
was $870,916.85; Estimated Gross Payroll was $113,000.00, and Service &
Material Warrants were $138,504.77.

1-20-60

REHABILITATION FARM
IRRIGATION SYSTEM

Request to go to Bid
Discussion

TRAFFIC SIGNALS -
CHARLESTON AT 2ND AND
"A" STREETS

Agreement with Nevada
State Highway Dept.

Approved

NOTICE OF CLAIM
Nathan Levine
Denied

NOTICE OF CLAIM
Raimundo Cruz
Denied

NOTICE OF CLAIM
Claire Naples
Denied

SPORTS CAR CLUB OF AMERICA
Lease Renewal
Approved

NEVADA CLUB
Fishing Contest
Held in Abeyance

SPRING MOUNTAIN YOUTH CAMP
Appointment Made

GENERAL FUND BALANCE
City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Lucky Strike Club
to hold a "Grand Opening" celebration from February 1 through
February 7, 1960.

Commissioner Fountain moved approval be given the Lucky Stroke Club
to hold a "Grand Opening" celebration from February 1 through
February 7, 1960, subject to the adoption of the Give-Away Resolution
and compliance therewith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that bids on the Baldwin
Grand Piano had been opened at 2:00 P.M. on January 19, 1960, and
that Mrs. C. Norman Cornwall was the high bidder with a bid of $760.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the bid of Mrs. C. Norman Cornwall in the
amount of $760.00 for the Baldwin Grand Piano be accepted, and Mr.

George Albright notified to this effect.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Don Strickland to move
the Wigwam Building from South "A" Street. Mr. Kennedy stated this
building was previously moved to South "A" Street for the purpose of
storing it there and, although this building met the Building Code
requirements, Mr. Strickland did not specify the location to which he
desired it moved. His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated he thought this
matter should be referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved that City Manager A. H. Kennedy be granted
leave from February 15th through February 19th, for the purpose of
attending the City Managers Meeting at San Diego, California.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the matter of the Bench Contract be
held in abeyance until the next meeting, due to Mr. C. Norman Cornwall s
inability to be present this evening, because of a prior commitment
in the Supreme Court at Carson City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the transfer of ownership of the El
Morocco Club be approved, on the basis of favorable police report,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
license.

It was pointed out that there were 6.55 shares of stock outstanding
and that these shares could not be issued without approval of the
City of Las Vegas and the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the Resolution previously adopted,
providing that no new liquor licenses be issued until adoption of the
new Liquor Ordinance, be rescinded, and that the application of
Marion Haun, Manager, for a limited package liquor license at
Thriftimart, Inc., 1808 E. Charleston Boulevard, be approved on the
basis of favorable police report, and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license. Commissioner Fountain went
on to explain that, although the Board of City Commissioners had
agreed with the Licensed Beverage Association that no new liquor
permits would be issued until after the adoption of the new Liquor
Ordinance, Mr. Swain, President of the Licensed Beverage Association,
and Mr. Jim Young, of the Boulder Club, would be out of town until
the 1st or 2nd of February; that he had spoken to three members of
the Licensed Beverage Association and they felt this license should
be issued under the old ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Mr. Paul S. Carter be appointed to the
Board of Electrical Examiners, to fill the vacancy created by the
expiration of Mr. Hillis' term.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

1-20-60

LUCKY STRIKE CLUB
Grand Opening Celebration
Approved

BALDWIN GRAND PIANO
Award

WIGWAM BUILDING
Don Strickland
Discussion

MANAGERS' MEETING
A. H. Kennedy
Attendance Approved

BENCH CONTRACT
Held in Abeyance

EL MOROCCO CLUB
New Owners
Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New Owner
Thriftimart, Inc.
Approved

BOARD OF ELECTRICAL
EXAMINERS

Appointment Approved
City Manager Kennedy informed the Board that it would he possible for the
City to rent 100' of additional parking space, adjacent to the present
City operated parking lot at 6th and Carson (which was being leased from
Mr. W. Bruce Beckley) at a monthly rental of $450.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City of Las Vegas enter into a lease with
W. Bruce Beckley for an additional 100' of parking space at 6th and
Carson at a monthly rental of $450.00, and that the City Attorney be
instructed to prepare the necessary lease.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Liquor Ordinance, which was
introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held September 16, 1959, and referred to Commissioners
Sharp and Whipple, committee for recommendation, and it was stated that a
public meeting on this Ordinance had been set for February 2, 1960, at
7:30 P.M., in the Council Chambers of City Hall.

An Ordinance entitled:	AM ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO.

378 REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949,
BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND
CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF THE SAID MAP was read
by title and reported on favorably by Commissioners Elwell and Whipple,
committee for recommendation.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above-entitled Ordinance, No. 821 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, requested that the application of Robert D.
Lawrence for a 50% interest in Patrick's Peyton Place be tabled.

Commissioner Elwell moved that the application of Robert D. Lawrence for a
50% interest in Patrick's Peyton Place be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour of
10:00 P.M. Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

BECKLEY PARKING LOT

Rental of Additional
Space

Approved

PROPOSED LIQUOR
ORDINANCE

Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
NO. 821

Rezoning Z-5 and Z-39.
59

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Additional Owner
Robert D. Lawrence
Held in Abeyance
MINUTES	Las Vegas, Nevada

February 3, 1960

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 3rd day of February, 1960, was called
to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members
present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	William H. Elwell

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

City Attorney	Calvin M. Cory

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Edwina M. Cole

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, called the meeting to order, requesting
that everyone rise, whereupon the Pledge of Allegiance was given.

Rev. Walter Bishop, Pastor of the First Baptist Church, gave the
Invocation.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, informed the meeting there would be no
public hearing on Assessment District No. 100-28 this evening.

City Attorney Cory advised all who were interested that it had
become necessary to propose a revised Ordinance for the Fremont
Street lighting and widening, due to the fact that there was a
change in the specifications of which his office was not aware, and
the Ordinance adopted at the last meeting (No. 817) contained
Specifications not now on file in the office of the City Clerk and,
therefore, in order to insure the validity of the bonds, if and
when sold, it would be necessary to adopt a new Ordinance and
rescind the one previously adopted.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE REPEALING EMERGENCY

ORDINANCE NO. 817 AND DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, TO MAKE CERTAIN
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS IN SAID CITY BY INSTALLING STREET LIGHTING ON
FREMONT STREET FROM SIXTH STREET TO THE INTERSECTION OF EAST
CHARLESTON BOULEVARD AND STREET WIDENING ON FREMONT STREET FROM
SEVENTH STREET TO FOURTEENTH STREET; TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-28 FOR THE PURPOSE OF MAKING SAID
IMPROVEMENTS; AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COSTS AND EXPENSE THEREOF BY
SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS MADE ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE; FIXING A TIME IN
WHICH PROTESTS AGAINST THE PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS FOR THE CREATION OF
SUCH DISTRICT MAY BE HEARD AND CONSIDERED BY SAID BOARD; DIRECTING
NOTICE THEREOF TO BE GIVEN; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO;
AND DECLARING AN EMERGENCY, was read by title by City Attorney Cory,
who stated that this Ordinance was eligible for adoption at this
time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 822 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Cory advised that, in connection with this Ordinance
just adopted, it was also necessary for the Board of Commissioners
to adopt a Resolution, setting the time and place for a protest
hearing, and providing for publication of a Notice of that hearing.

Mr. Cory then read the following Resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
have taken steps to create certain public improvements, all as
provided in Emergency Ordinance No. 822, passed, adopted and
approved this 3rd day of February, 1960; and

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 822 discloses the
intention and determination of said Board of Commissioners to create
said district and construct said improvements by special assessment
made according to frontage; and

WHEREAS, said Emergency Ordinance No. 822 provides a time
certain for hearing protests against said proposed improvements and
directing the notice thereof to be given, such time of the protest
hearing being 7:30 o'clock P.M., PST, on the 2nd day of March, 1960,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 3rd

2-3-60

Resolution Adopted

PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE

INVOCATION

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
100-28

Fremont St. Lighting
and Widening

Emergency Ordinance
No. 822 Adopted
day of February, 1960, that the City Clerk and the Clerk of the
Board of Commissioners, be and she is hereby directed to publish
notice of said hearing once a week for two successive weeks in the
Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners be, and she is hereby directed to post notice of
said hearing in at least three public places near the site of the
proposed work; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners be, and she is hereby directed to mail a copy of said
notice, postage prepaid, as first class mail, at least fifteen (15)
days prior to said hearing, to the last known address of each last
known owner of land in the district whose property will be assessed
for the cost of the improvements, such addresses and owners being
those appearing on the local property assessment rolls for general
(ad valorem) taxes of the County of Clark, wherein said property is
located; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such Notice shall be in substantially
the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of February, 1960.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above Resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved Regular Payroll Warrants Nos. 45478 to
46077, in the net amount of $84,642.27, for the pay period January
16 - January 31, 1960, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated the approval of Service & Material
Warrants would be passed for the present.

Commissioner Fountain moved Urban Renewal Warrants Nos. 1-9449 to
1-9452, in the amount of $9,764.48 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the transfer of Credit Union Withholding in
the amount of $19,163.80 be approved, and the Director of Finance
and City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the duplicate liquor license fee paid by
Sy Husney for the months of February and March, 1960, in the amount
of $250.00 be refunded, and the Director of Finance and City Treasurer
authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of the Regular Meeting of
January 20, 1960, be approved by reference and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign the same.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, but added a correction
should be made on page 8 of the minutes to reflect that a motion made
by Commissioner Sharp was seconded by a Commissioner other than
Commissioner Sharp, and the motion was carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor
Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-3-60

PAYROLL WARRANTS
Approved

URBAN RENEWAL
WARRANTS

Approved

TRANSFER OF CREDIT
UNION WITHHOLDING

Approved

REFUND OF DUPLICATE
LIQUOR LICENSE PAYMENT

Sy Husney

Approved

MINUTES

January 20, 1960
Approved

/s/ Edwina M. Cole
City Clerk

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
Mayor
City Manager Kennedy stated that at the last meeting this matter,
involving the rezoning of land located between Washington and McWilliams
and between Highland and the west line of the existing public housing
development had been held in abeyance; that he believed everyone
was acquainted with the plan that has come in, which proposes to
reclassify from R-E to R-2 the land between Washington and McWilliams,
from the center line of "N" Street east to the present public housing
development, but that the area between Washington and McWilliams,

"N" Street and Highland was to remain R-E, the same as all of the
property between Washington and Harrison, and that land would be
transferred to the City of Las Vegas, in return for land which the
City now owns which would be transferred to the Housing Authority on
an equal trade basis.

Commissioner Fountain commented that His Honor, Mayor Gragson, had
a rough sketch, showing the area proposed to be rezoned, which he
thought the Bonanza home owners should examine and added that Mr.

Bills had a sketch which was more complete.

Commissioner Sharp addressed Attorney Adams and informed him that,
in essence, the 40 housing units could be accommodated contiguous
to the existing Marble Manor Housing and to the center line of "N"
Street, as projected, adding that he thought this was in accord
with the thinking of Mr. Adams' group.

Attorney Adams replied that was right, and asked if it was the City's
intention to pass a resolution at this meeting that this property
zoned R-E shall not be taken for housing purposes in the future.

Commissioner Fountain replied that after the map had been inspected
he would ask the City Attorney to frame the motion, which would be
more than one motion.

Attorney Adams then inquired if there would be any objection to a
resolution to the effect previously stated by him.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated he did not know if they could bind
the Board, to which Attorney Adams replied that he would just like
to have something for the record.

City Attorney Cory advised the meeting once the City acquires title
to the land it would be taken completely out of the effect of the
Cooperation Agreement, because the City would be the owner, rather
than the Housing Authority.

Mr. Adams remarked he would like some indication in the minutes
from the Commission that the property zoned R-E would not be taken
for housing purposes in the future.

Commissioner Fountain stated they could not bind the Commission ten
years from now; that the land would be taken out of the Cooperation
Agreement and would be put in the hands of the City.

City Attorney Cory stated that all expressions being made by
individuals were going into the minutes and it was his opinion that
was as far as they could go. It was Mr. Cory's thought there could
hot be a resolution binding future Boards of Commissioners.

Commissioner Fountain requested City Attorney to word the proper
motion.

City Attorney Cory advised that a rezoning ordinance would be
required (which was not prepared at this time for presentation to
the Commission); that this ordinance would have to be adopted and
published in the ordinary manner, in order to become effective as
an ordinance.

Commissioner Sharp then inquired if the Board could move to accept
the recommendation of the Planning Commission and ask that an
ordinance be prepared, to which Mr. Cory replied that this would
suffice, and at the next meeting he would have an ordinance ready
for adoption and publication. It was Mr. Cory's thought there
should also be a resolution, resolving that the Board of Commissioners
accepts the offer of the Public Housing Authority of the City of
Las Vegas to exchange approximately x number of acres - whatever it
now was - adding that he did not know just what the price would be
now.

Attorney Rulon Earl advised it would be dollar value, and Mr. Cory
continued by stating, "Well, to accept that area of property owned
by the Housing Authority between N and Washington, and that the City
will negotiate an exchange of property of like and similar appraised
value in return for a deed to this property."

Attorney Rulon Earl stated he thought it would be better to use the
cost figure to the Housing Authority for the purpose of trading to
the City the property between "N" and Washington, and for the
property the Housing Authority had under option (on 28th Street)
it would be better to use the appraised value for the purpose of
trading the same to the Housing Authority in exchange for the
property between "N" and Washington.

2-3-60

HOUSING AUTHORITY
OF CITY OF LAS VEGAS

Request for Rezoning
of Parcels 1 and 2

Approved
It was City Attorney Cory's opinion this would be a satisfactory
method.

Attorney Rulon Earl explained further that there were two parcels
on 28th Street, one of which had heretofore been purchased outright
by the Housing Authority and about which they were not worried;
however, the Housing Authority had a two year option on the second
parcel - which was a binding option - and, for the purpose of
exchanging land, they would use the appraised figure on that parcel.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, inquired if the Housing Authority had paid
the appraised value when they purchased the land to be traded to the
City, to which Mr. Earl replied in the affirmative and stated the
land to be traded had been appraised by Government appraisers; that
the land on which the Housing Authority had an option (on 28th Street)
had been appraised by the City; that, in exercising the option, the
Housing Authority would pay cash for the 28th Street property but,
for purposes of valuation, would use the appraised figure of the land
to be traded to the City, adding that the Housing Authority would only
trade the land between "N" and Washington to the City if they
received the price they paid for it.

City Attorney Cory stated that the price of the land to be traded by
the Housing Authority to the City would be offset against the land
which the Housing Authority had under option on 28th Street and which
it desired to purchase.

Commissioner Fountain stated they would only trade on appraised values

Mr. Earl replied that it had to be at their cost, dollar for dollar.

City Attorney Cory explained that the Housing Authority's property
(between "N" and Washington) had been appraised by Government
Authorities, the City having made no appraisal on that.

Attorney Rulon Earl stated they had to get their money out of the land
to be transferred; they desired no profit, just their cost figure.

City Attorney Cory remarked that, as part of the resolution, there
should be an instruction to the City Attorney to have an ordinance
prepared for presentation at the next regular meeting of the Commission.

Commissioner Whipple inquired if there shouldn't be a motion to
rezone and then another motion to make the trade. To this Mr. Cory
replied that a motion to rezone would not be effective until the
ordinance had been presented and Commissioner Whipple stated he would
like to have something for the record, to show the Board had accepted
the recommendation of the Planning Commission.

Mr. Earl then remarked they wanted a third resolution to rezone the
Housing Authority property on 28th Street which they had previously
purchased and that a request to that effect had been presented.

It was City Attorney Cory's suggestion that action be taken on one
matter at a time.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the recommendation of the Planning
Commission, with reference to rezoning the property to be acquired
by the City, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp remarked that everyone on the Board was aware of
his position on this matter, referring to the fact that Commissioner
Sharp's firm is the architect for the Housing Authority.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City trade to the Housing Authority the
land under option to the Housing Authority on 28th Street in return
for property between Washington and "N" now owned by the Housing
Authority and that the Government appraisal on the Housing Authority's
property be used as a basis for evaluating the 28th Street property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the land presently owned by the
Housing Authority on 28th Street, designated as Parcel 1, be rezoned
as requested by the Housing Authority and the City Attorney instructed
to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Elwell inquired if there were any protestants to this
rezoning and a member of the Planning Department stated there were two
protests.

2-3-60
Mr. Earl then stated when the Housing Authority acquired title to
the other parcel on 28th Street that parcel should he rezoned to
R-2, and Commissioner Whipple informed Mr. Earl that would have to
he done by ordinance. Mr. Earl then remarked he thought a resolution
should he adopted now that rezoning would he approved when the
Housing Authority acquired title to the 28th Street property.

Commissioner Elwell inquired if there were any protestants to the
rezoning of this 28th Street property. There was no reply.

Commissioner Sharp requested that the minutes reflect his firm's
position with respect to this matter (Zick & Sharp being architects
for the Housing Authority).

The foregoing motion was carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Earl inquired if City Attorney Cory understood the Housing
Authority would, upon acquiring title to the 28th Street property,
prepare an ordinance to have the same rezoned.

City Attorney Cory replied that formal action on this would he
taken at the next meeting, adding that it might involve modifica-
tion of the option agreement, because, in the event the option
agreement was not exercised, the Housing Authority would still own
the segregated portion.

Mr. Earl said when the Housing Authority acquired title to the 28th
Street property they would like another rezoning ordinance.

Mr. Turner stated he would like to go on record, on behalf of the
Housing Authority, in thanking the Board of Commissioners, the
Bonanza home owners, the NAACP and all others who helped to get
this matter settled.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, thanked Mr. Turner and stated he was sure
the Commission felt the same way.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following Charitable Solicitations
Permits, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board, he approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:

American War Mothers - Rummage sale

Beta Sigma Phi - City Council - Luncheon, Fashion show and raffle
Girl Scouts, Frontier Council - Cookie and peanut sale
Jewish War Veterans - Benefit show

Nevada Society for Aurally Handicapped - Bingo party and light dinner
Whirlaway Square Dance Club - Square dance convention
Friends of Youth - Ticket sale for Golden Gloves Tournament
Civil Air Patrol - Advisory Committee - Religious film

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Badger Enterprises for
a Slot Operator's license at 417 Carson, in the name of Edward C.
Hoppe, he approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the following application for a new
gaming license he approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the license:

Jerry's 1311 E. Charleston Jerry Fox, Jerrold Jory 5 Slots

Morris Fox

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following application for a new gaming
license he approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license:

Sports Liquor Store 419 N. Main Wm. G. Gallagher 4 Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-3-60

CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS
PERMITS

Approved

SLOT OPERATOR
New

Approved

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Owner
Approved

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New Owner
Approved
GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Change of Location
Approved

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for additional
gaming licenses he approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the licenses:

Pete's Cafe	134 L.V.Blvd.S.	Badger Enter.	3	Slots

Atomic Liquors	917 Fremont	J.J.Parker Co.	1	Slot

Jerry's Liquor	1311 E.Chrlstn.	J.J.Parker Co.	1	Slot

Store

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The next matter to come before the meeting was the application of
Blaine Beckwith to change the location of his liquor license from the
Mayfair Liquor Store, at 1418 Fremont, to 2236 E. Fremont.

Attorney Herbert M. Jones, representing Sallie's Liquor Store at
2120 E. Charleston Boulevard, protested to the granting of this
change of location. It was Mr. Jones' contention there were too
many bars and liquor stores in the area now. He reminded the
Commission he had objected to the granting of a liquor license to
Mr. Levy, who operates the Lucky Liquor Store at 2002 E. Charleston
Boulevard, about a year ago, and called the Commission's attention
to all the liquor stores and bars on E. Charleston, mentioning
specifically O'Briens, the liquor store near Safeway's, operated by
Mr. Holts, Thriftimart, Lucky Club, Bank Club, Green Shack, Troy's
Club, Fritzie's and the Saddle Club (the latter three being on
Boulder Highway). Mr. Jones stated going back on Fremont Street there
was the Nevada Liquor Store, Foodland and then Mr. Beckwith's.
Referring to the proposed liquor ordinance, Mr. Jones stated it was
his opinion the intention of the new ordinance, among other things,
was to have liquor stores no closer than within 1,000' of each other,
and the granting of this change of location would put Mr. Beckwith
within 400' or 500' from other liquor stores or bars. As an after-
thought, Mr. Jones mentioned that Fong's and the Blue Heaven Cocktail
Lounge were also in the vicinity to which Mr. Beckwith desired to
have his license moved. Mr. Jones concluded by stating he did not
believe Mr. Beckwith was suffering a hardship; that Mr. Beckwith was
only 4, 5, or 6 blocks away from the proposed new location; that Mr.
Beckwith had a liquor store at present, which he had had for many
years, and asked the Board to give serious consideration to the
approval of this application, in view of the economic effect it
would have on other liquor dealers.

Mr. Beckwith addressed the Board, stating Sallie's probably did three
times the business he did, as it had Crestwood and Eastwood to draw
on; that Sallie's was on Charleston and he would be on Fremont; that
in 6 years his rent had been raised from $250 to $500 per month for
a store 18' wide and 60' deep; that he was certain the rent would be
raised again, and that, insofar as liquor licenses were concerned,
he was in a more congested area now than he would be in if his
application were approved. It was Mr. Beckwith's contention that he
was a hardship case.

In reply to a question by Commissioner Sharp, Mr. Beckwith stated
that he had purchased the property to which he desired to move and,
although his lease had 8 or 9 months to run, he planned on moving
within 90 days, as soon as he could start building. He advised the
Commission he was removing the old building - The Askew Drive-In.

Mr. Beckwith further stated that Sallie's had the best outlet among
the top three liquor stores in Las Vegas; that Sallie's customers
would be coming off Charleston, while his would be coming off Fremont;
that Mr. Johnson, who owns Sallie's had only been in business 5 or 6
years, while he had been in business 12 years; that he intended to
build 5 buildings on the property purchased by him; that he would
have parking for 50 automobiles, as against parking for 12 or 15 cars
at his present location; that he had been informed by Mr. Skaggs that
his (Mr. Beckwith's) landlord intended to raise his rent still higher;
that this was his chance to better himself and he thought he should
have the right to move to a location where he could do business. Mr.
Beckwith informed the Commission it was Mr. Beckwith's landlord's
intention to increase the rent to a point where Mr. Beckwith would
find it prohibitive, as Mr. Beckwith's landlord planned to open a
liquor store himself.

Attorney Jones stated it was his understanding, pursuant to a meeting
held the previous evening in connection with the proposed new Liquor
Ordinance, that it was the aim of the Commission to limit liquor
licenses and he was sure Mr. Beckwith's landlord would have difficulty
in obtaining a liquor license under the proposed new Ordinance and
again requested the Commission to give serious thought to allowing
Mr. Beckwith to operate a liquor store in a congested area.

Mr. Beckwith replied that most of the liquor stores and bars to
which Mr. Jones referred were on Charleston and that there was only
the Nevada Liquor Store and one other on Fremont; that the man who
owned the other liquor store on Fremont - not the Nevada - was
planning to sell out and return to California.

-0O0-

2-3-60
PARKING

Amputees and Paraplegics
Referred to Committee

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Approved

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
Additional Location
Approved

DETECTIVE LICENSE
Glen E. Bodell
New

Approved

REZONING Z-41-59

Herman E. Fisher and
Louisa Earl

Approved

VARIANCE V-18-59
M. J. Lubeck
Approved

At the hour of 8:20 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at
the hour of 8:30 P.M., with all members present as of the opening
session.

-0O0-

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Blaine Beckwith for a
change of location of his liquor license from Mayfair Liquor Store
to 2236 E. Fremont be approved, subject to submission of copy of
lease or deed and financial statement to Police Department, and
also subject to final approval by Building, Planning and Fire
Departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.
Commissioner Fountain qualified his vote by stating the only reason
he was voting aye was because he believed Mr. Beckwith to be a
victim of rent gouging.

Commissioner Fountain stated he had invited Vic Brower to address
the Commission for the purpose of obtaining some relief to which
Commissioner Fountain thought he was entitled.

Mr. Brower, on behalf of himself and other amputees and paraplegics,
of which there are about 50 in the County, addressed the Commission,
requesting that they consider the passing of an ordinance providing
a special parking area for these people, to obviate the necessity
of their having to walk back and forth to put money in parking
meters. Mr. Brower explained that it was a hardship for these
people to walk, especially during hot weather, and, if it was
possible to pass such an ordinance, he would be happy to pay any
cost incurred in connection with publication, etc. He stated,
further, that an ordinance had been drafted.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, appointed Commissioners Fountain and
Elwell to study the proposed ordinance and submit their recommendations
to the Board at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Fountain moved Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1-4292
to 14467, in the amount of $82,387.73, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissi oners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor;

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Ralph T. Warne's
Vending for an additional cigarette license at Mutual Prescriptions;

614 Maryland Parkway, be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Glen E. Bodell for a
detective license at Bodell Investigation Service, 108 South 3rd
Street, be approved on the basis of favorable police report, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Herman E.

Fisher and Louisa Earl for reclassification of the W½ of the W½ of
Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, and the E½ of
the W½ of Lots 29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition,
generally located on the south side of Bridger, between Las Vegas
Boulevard South and Sixth Street, from C-1 to C-2, stating this was
within the confines of the proposed improvement district, in the
downtown area, and that there were no protests.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Herman E. Fisher and
Louisa Earl for reclassification of the W½ of the W½ of Lots 29, 30,

31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, and the E½ of the W½ of Lots
29, 30, 31 and 32, Block 1 of Wardie Addition, from C-1 to C-2 be
approved, as recommended by the Planning Commission, and the City
Attorney instructed to prepare the necessary ordinance amendment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Mr. M. J. Lubeck for a
variance to reduce required side yard from 12' to 6' at 1804 and
1808 Lewis Avenue.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission there was no
question in the minds of the Board of Zoning Adjustment regarding

2-3-60
the feasibility of reducing the side yards, because if buildings
were built on these two lots, the side yard would be 6'; however, the
only problem which confronted the Board of Zoning Adjustment was the
availability of parking. Mr. Bills stated Mr. Lubeck proposed to
provide parking in the rear on what would appear to be an alley,
mentioning this was a dedicated alley which is unimproved at this
time and which the property owners on Charleston agreed to put in.

He advised the Board the property owners had five years within which
to clear the alley of encumbrances. It was the recommendation of
the Board of Zoning Adjustment that the variance be granted, on
condition Mr. Lubeck improve the alley at this time to provide
parking which would be accessible to the property.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of M. J. Lubeck for a
variance to reduce the required side yard from 12' to 6' at 1804 and
1808 Lewis Avenue, generally located near the SE corner of Lewis
Avenue and Bruce Street, legally described as Lots 2 and 3, Lawrence
Love Trace, in an R-4 zone, be approved, as recommended by the Board
of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the following conditions:

1.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond sufficient
in amount to cover the cost of off-site improvements.

2.	Conformance to the plot plan as amended.

3. Improvement of alley to provide parking and make the same accessible
from Bruce Street to the property of the applicant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills presented the application of Madge Foote for
a Use Permit to operate a home for the aged at 2124 Paradise Road,
stating the Board of Zoning Adjustment had recommended approval of
this application.

Mrs. Madge Foote addressed the Commission and inquired why it was
necessary for her to have one parking space for every two boarders,
in view of the fact that her boarders would not have cars.

Mr. Bills stated the general practice was to require one parking
space for each person, but in this instance it was recognized one
parking space for every two boarders would be sufficient.

In reply to Mrs. Foote's question, Mr. Bills informed her it would be
possible to have parking off the alley.

Commissioner Elwell inquired if Mrs. Foote would, at some future time,
desire to increase the number of boarders, in the event it should
prove unprofitable to have only 8 boarders. Mrs. Foote replied it was
her understanding the Board of Health would license her for 10
boarders and there was a possibility the tenant in the rear apartment
might move, in which event she would convert that apartment into
bedrooms.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Madge Foote for a Use
Permit to operate a home for the aged at 2124 Paradise Road, on the
west side of Paradise Road, between St. Louis and San Francisco,
legally described as the S 56' of the North 68.5' of Lot 6, Block 3,
of South 5th Street Tract No. 1, in an R-4 zone be approved, as
recommended by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the
following conditions:

1.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond to cover
the cost of off-site improvements.

2.	One off-street parking space for each two (2) boarders - to be of
asphaltic concrete.

3. Permit to be limited to no more than eight (8) boarders and to be
non-transferable.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Thomas A. Campbell for a
Use Permit to conduct a private parking lot at 2100 Paradise Road, on
the west side of Paradise Road, between St. Louis and San Francisco,
legally described as the W70' of the S 150', Lot 1, Block 3, South
5th Street Tract No. 1, in an R-4 zone, be approved as recommended by
by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the following conditions

1.	Signing of an improvement agreement and filing of a bond sufficient
in amount to cover the cost of off-site improvements.

2.	Conformance to the plot plan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-3-60

USE PERMIT U-1-60
Thomas A. Campbell
Approved

USE PERMIT U-33-59
Madge Foote
Approved
MASTER PLAN
Presentation
Public Hearing Set

POLICE DEPARTMENT
AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM

Request to go to Bid

Held in Abeyance

HIGHLAND DRIVE EXTENSION
Request to go to Bid
Approved

MARYLAND PARKWAY
CHARLESTON BLVD.
INTERSECTION PAVEMENT
REPLACEMENT

Approved to go to
Bid

SEWER TRUNK EXTENSION
SYSTEM & NEW SEWAGE
TREATMENT PLANT

Progress Payment Approved

QUITCLAIM DEED

Dan H. Plunkett, Edward J.
Barrick, Sam Ziegman and
Rex A. Jarrett

Resolution of Acceptance

Adopted

Planning Director Bills presented copies of the Master Plan to the
Board of Commissioners, requesting that this be carefully studied
and a public hearing set. Mr. Bills stated additional copies would
be available to anyone interested within the next few days.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, set Wednesday, February 24, 1960, at 7:30
P.M., at the Council Chambers, City Hall, as the time and place of
the public hearing.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Public Works Department
to advertise for bids for the Police Department air conditioning
system be held in abeyance and Mr. Tom Toney, the consultant, asked
to appear before the Board at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Public Works Department
to receive bids, to be opened March 1, 1960, for blacktopping of
Highland Drive from extension of Western Avenue at Oakey Boulevard,
southerly, to intersection with San Francisco Avenue at intersection
of Highland Drive, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Public Works Department
to receive bids, to be opened February 16, 1960, for replacement of
paving at intersection of Maryland Parkway and E. Charleston
Boulevard, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the progress payment to John A. Carollo,
Consulting Engineer, be approved and the Director of Finance and
City Treasurer authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following Resolution of Acceptance be
adopted for Quitclaim Deed to the City of Las Vegas from Dan H.
Plunkett, Edward J. Barrick, Sam Ziegman and Rex A. Jarrett for the
dedication of a 30' right-of-way strip on the N½ of San Francisco
Avenue, between the W 1/16 corner of Section 4 and the SW corner of
Section 4.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by
Commissioner E. W. Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following
Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3 day of February, 1960, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 27 day of January, 1960, executed
by

Dan H. Plunkett; Edward J. Barrick; Sam Ziegman and Rex A. Jarrett

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of public uses; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be
attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Edwina M. Cole City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,
true and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached
hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 3 day of February, 1960.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal this 4 day of February, 1960.

_______/s/ Edwina M. Cole_______

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By J. A. Kelley Deputy__________

FOR:	San Francisco Ave.

2-3-60
QUITCLAIM DEED

Dan H. Plunkett; Edward J.
Barrick, Sam Ziegman and
Rex A. Jarrett

Resolution of Acceptance

Adopted

QUITCLAIM DEED
Glen W. & Mary Jane Bales
Resolution of Acceptance
Adopted

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following Resolution of Acceptance be
adopted for Quitclaim Deed to the City of Las Vegas from Dan H.
Plunkett, Edward J. Barrick, Sam Ziegman and Rex A. Jarrett for the
dedication of a 60' right-of-way strip for Highland Drive, extending
from San Francisco Avenue north to an intersection with existing
right-of-way within the SW¼ of Section 4, T21S, R61E:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E. W. Fountain, duly seconded by
Commissioner Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following
Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3 day of February, 196O, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 27 day of January, 1960, executed

by

Dan H. Plunkett; Edward J. Barrick; Sam Ziegman and Rex A. Jarrett

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the
County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this
resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Edwina M. Cole City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,
true and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached
hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 3 day of February, 1960.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal this 4 day of February, 1960.

/s/ Edwina M. Cole______________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By /s/ J. A. Kelley Deputy

FOR:	Highland Ave.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following Resolution of Acceptance be
adopted for Quitclaim deed to the City of Las Vegas from Glen W. and
Mary Jane Bales for the dedication of a curve return at the SW corner
of Bonanza Road and Rancho Road intersection:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by
Commissioner William H. Elwell, and carried unanimously, the following
Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3 day of February, 1960, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 25 day of January, 1960, executed
by

Glen W. Bales and Mary Jane Bales, husband and wife.

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of streets, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the
County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this
resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

2-3-60
STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Edwina M. Cole City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to he a full,
true and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached
hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 3 day of February, 1960.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal this 4 day of February, 1960.

/s/ Edwina M. Cole________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By /s/ Julie A. Kelley, Deputy

FOR:	Bonanza & Rancho Roads

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following Resolution of Acceptance be
adopted for Quitclaim Deed to the City of Las Vegas from Griffith
Methodist Church for dedication of the S½ of Bracken Avenue (25')
from 17th Street easterly to the West line of the Southern Nevada
Power Company right-of-way.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by
Commissioner Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following
Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 3 day of February, 1960, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 6 day of January, 1960, executed

by

Griffith Methodist Church, Inc.

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be
attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Edwina M. Cole City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,
true and correct copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached
hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 3 day of February, 1960.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my
official seal this 4 day of February, 1960.

/s/ Edwina M. Cole____________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

By /s/ Julie A. Kelley Deputy

FOR:	Bracken Ave.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the claim of Albert M. Evans for tire
damage, in the amount of $25.00, be denied and referred to the
Insurance Agency, as recommended by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-3-60

NOTICE OF CLAIM
Albert M. Evans
Denied

QUITCLAIM DEED
Griffith Methodist Church
Resolution of Acceptance
Adopted
City Attorney Cory requested that the following Resolution he adopted
by the Board:

"RESOLUTION

"WHEREAS, Nevada Revised Statutes 111.360 on the subject of
conveyances to the United States, state, and political subdivisions
requires payment to the County of a proportion of tax assessed against
said parcel of realty to pay all general obligation bonds of the
County; and

"WHEREAS, said Statute is detrimental to the City of Las Vegas
and unnecessary to the welfare of the general public; and

"WHEREAS, said Statute would seriously interfere and hamper
the Urban Renewal Project within this City,

"NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 3rd
day of February, 1960, that this Board unanimously approves and supports
the repeal of Nevada Revised Statutes 111.360 and earnestly requests
and solicits the support of the Clark County Delegation and other
members of the Legislature in their consideration and repeal of the
foregoing statute.

"BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be
forwarded to the Clark County Delegation and other legislators and
state officers of the State of Nevada.

"PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of February, 1960.

ATTEST:

/s/ Edwina M. Cole_______

City Clerk

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing Resolution be adopted, as
recommended by City Attorney Cory.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Cory recommended adoption of the following Resolution:

"RESOLUTION

"WHEREAS, the Flood Control Board of Clark County, Nevada, has
prepared for introduction to the Legislature of Nevada an amendment
to the present Flood Control Legislation within the State; and

"WHEREAS, said legislation would facilitate the financing of
Flood Control Works and the cost of planning, engineering, administration
and acquisition of easements; and

"WHEREAS, the proposed legislation would permit the use of
state funds; and

"WHEREAS, such legislation is of vital concern to the residents
of the City of Las Vegas, as well as the surrounding area,

"NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 3rd.
day of February, 1960, that this Board unanimously approves and supports
the said legislation to be introduced in this Session by the Flood
Control Board of Clark County, Nevada, and earnestly requests and
solicits the support of the Clark County Delegation and other members
of the Legislature in supporting the same,

"BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be
forwarded to the Clark County Delegation and other state officials
of the State of Nevada.

"PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of February, 1960.

2-3-60

FLOOD CONTROL
Resolution Adopted

/s/ Edwina M. Cole
City Clerk"

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
Mayor

N.R.S. 111.360

Resolution Requesting Repeal
Adopted

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
Mayor
Commissioner Elwell moved the foregoing Resolution he adapted, as
recommended by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Cory then read the following Resolution and recommended
its adoption:

"RESOLUTION

"WHEREAS, ASSEMBLY BILL No. 43 has been introduced in the
Legislature in the State of Nevada; and

"WHEREAS, said amendment relates to Urban Renewal and would he
beneficial to the City of Las Vegas in their Urban Renewal Project
inasmuch as said amendment provides for procedure to he followed in
the Project and related matters;

"NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the
3rd day of February, 1960, that this Board unanimously approves and
supports the enactment of Assembly Bill No. 43, and this Board
requests and solicits support of the Clark County Delegation and
other members of the Legislature in consideration and enactment of
Assembly Bill No. 43.

"BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be
forwarded to the Clark County Delegation and other legislators and
state officers of the State of Nevada.

"PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of February, 1960.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing Resolution be adopted, as
recommended by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

A proposed Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF

ORDINANCE NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED
BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF
CERTAIN AREAS OF THE SAID MAP was read by title by City Attorney
Cory, who recommended it be referred to a Committee.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, referred this proposed Ordinance to
Commissioners Fountain and Sharp for recommendation.

A proposed Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE ANNEXING TO, AND MAKING

A PART OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS CERTAIN SPECIFICALLY DESCRIBED
TERRITORY ADJOINING AND CONTIGUOUS TO THE CORPORATE LIMITS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS; DECLARING SAID TERRITORY AND INHABITANTS TO BE
ANNEXED THERETO AND SUBJECT TO ALL LAWS AND ORDINANCES; ORDERING A
PLAT SHOWING SAID TERRITORY TO BE RECORDED IN THE OFFICE OF THE
COUNTY RECORDER OF THE COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA; AND
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO was read by title
by City Attorney Cory.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, referred this proposed Ordinance to
Commissioners Whipple and Elwell for recommendation.

City Attorney Cory advised the Commission that Chester H. Lyon had
exercised an option to purchase three parcels of land from the City
of Las Vegas, had paid the purchase price, and requested that the
Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute a deed transferring
this property to Mr. Lyon.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
sign a deed transferring to Chester H. Lyon certain property more
particularly described in said deed, pursuant to the exercise of an
option by Mr. Lyon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-3-60

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezoning Z-32, Z-38, Z-42

and Z-44-59

Referred to Committee

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Annexation of Sebec Acres
Referred to Committee

DEED TO CHESTER H. LYON
Approved

ASSEMBLY BILL NO. 43
Resolution Adopted

/s/ Edwina M. Cole__________

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk"

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor
HEIDI'S HEIDELBERG
Revocation of License
Approved

City Attorney Cory advised the Commission that a beverage license had
recently been granted to Mrs. Heidi, but that Mrs. Heidi had been
absent from the country - having returned to Germany - for more than
six months, due to illness, and it was expected she would not return
to this country; that Heidi's Heidelberg had been operated under a
corporation known as Heidi's Heidelberg, Inc., which has a lease
obtained from Mr. Elmo Bruner; that Mrs. Heidi has authorized Mr.

Bruner to vote any and all of her shares in the corporation in any
manner he sees fit and Mr. Bruner has requested that the beverage
license previously issued be cancelled, in view of the fact that the
lease has been terminated and the property leased to new lessees.

Mr. Cory stated it would be impossible for the new lessees to obtain
a beverage license until the previous license is rescinded.

Attorney Tom Bell, representing the new lessees, Valerie Balbo and
Walter Todd, addressed the Commission, stating the present licensees
were operating under the name of Village Inn and were anxious to
obtain a beverage license, in order to permit them to serve beverages
with their food. Mr. Bell stated Miss Barbo had been a liquor
licensee in the County, but surrendered her license on January 1st
when she took over the lease on Heidi's Heidelberg (now Village Inn);
that, because Mrs. Heidi was out of the country and there was no one
to surrender Mrs. Heidi's license, it was inpossible for Miss Barbo
to apply for a beverage license and, as a result, the Village Inn
opened last Monday without a beverage license. He stated his clients
merely desired a beer and wine license and, in view of the fact Miss
Barbo had been previously licensed, he would like to make a special
request of the Commission that a beverage license be issued at this
time, at least to Miss Barbo.

In reply to Commissioner Fountain's inquiry, Miss Barbo informed the
Commission she had held a liquor license from August, 1958 to
December, 1959, at Food by Frank Musso, which was next to the Sands
Hotel.

Commissioner Elwell moved the beverage license formerly granted to
Mrs. Heidi be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that a beer and wine license be issued to
Miss Barbo, subject to Police investigation and a favorable police
report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Cory stated Miss Barbo would not be able to use the
license until the receipt of a favorable police report, as required
by the Ordinance.

Police Chief Sheffer stated, inasmuch as Miss Barbo previously held
a license, it would take only a few days to clear her. It was his
suggestion that the license application be amended so it would be
made in the name of Miss Barbo only; then, pending investigation of
Mr. Todd and receipt of a favorable police report on Mr. Todd, the
application could be amended to include his name.

A proposed Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND EMERGENCY

ORDINANCE NO. 468 ADOPTING THE CIVIL SERVICE RULES AND REGULATIONS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, BY PERMITTING EMPLOYEES HOLDING
CIVIL SERVICE STATUS TO BE GRANTED LEAVE TO ACCEPT AN APPOINTIVE
POSITION WITHIN THE CITY AND TO RETAIN CIVIL SERVICE STATUS; PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH was read by title by
City Attorney Cory.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, referred this to a Committee for recommendation,
consisting of himself and Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following salary increases for February
1, 1960, as approved by the Board of Civil Service Trustees, be
approved:

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Amending Civil Service Rules
Referred to Committee

SALARY INCREASES
February 1, 1960
Approved

Name

Moran, John T.

Dunn, Richard J.
Foremaster, John R.
Hamilton, Doyle
Kim, Frank
Barbour, Jack R.
Munyon, Leonard
Regland, William T.
Daly, Andrew W.
Wall, Elmer S.
Gillins, Elden W.

Dept.

Police - Lt.

-	Sergeant

"	"

"	"

"	"

-	Patrolman

"	"

"	"

"	"

Step	Sched.    Dollars

2-3-60
Name

Macauley, Francis J.
Wells, Myree
Roderick, Shirley J.
Bunker, Kendall
Lamb, Glen C.
Leavitt, J. Marion
Mudd, James O.

Rouw, William W.
Studebaker, Walter
Estes, Donald G.
Ackerman, John D.
Goebel, Dick D.
Lewis, Ben
Fisher, Charles
Thomas, Oliver
Dammeir, George
Smith, Ann Marie
Ruggles, Jack D.
Hartley, Alvin C.

Dept.

Police - Patrolman

-	Reporter

-	Telephone Oper.
Fire Captain

Fire Captain

"	"

"	"

" Fireman
"	"

"	"

"	"

Park

Pub. Wks. Engineering
"	"	Garage

Sew. Disposal
"	"	St. Light

Recreation
Police - Sergeant

-	Patrolman

Step	Sched.	Dollars

HOYT BENCH CONTRACT
Held in Abeyance
EFFLUENT WATERS
Referred to Committee

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager advised at the request of both parties to this contract,
the matter was being held in abeyance until the next regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Mr. Lalif Wood to
purchase effluent water from the sewage disposal plant, for
irrigation purposes, advising this matter had previously been
before the Commission.

City Attorney Cory advised that a proposal submitted by Attorney
Cope had been rejected because of two features, one being a request
that the covenant run with the land, and the second being the
matter of rates to be charges; therefore, Mr. Cory had suggested
that Mr. Cope's clients again appear before the Commission. Mr.

Cory stated Director of Public Works Sauer had suggested a price
of $2.00 per acre foot, based on rates being charged in Tucson,
those rates being $2.50 per acre foot.

Director of Public Works Sauer explained this matter would not be
without cost to the City, as it would require increased ditch
maintenance, engineering fees and checking installations made, such
as headgates, etc. Mr. Wood had also requested that a bridge or some
sort of culvert be put over the ditch, to permit him to reach his
land, and, also, a leaching line to take care of the sludge beds.

Commissioner Fountain inquired if it was known how much water would
be available and Mr. Sauer informed him there was available, At
present, ten million gallons per day and this would rise yearly; in
fact, there was more water available than could be used.

Commissioner Whipple stated it was his understanding the City could
not put itself in the position of guaranteeing to furnish any
specified amount of water, but that all available water could be
used by Mr. Wood and anyone else desiring the water.

City Attorney Cory amplified this statement by saying this would be
subject to the prior use by the City and the L.D.S. Welfare Farm
and Commissioner Whipple asked if it was not a fact that this
water was now going into Lake Mead, causing possible contamination,
and it was his opinion the City would be in a much better position
if the water could be put to beneficial use.

The Commission agreed that Mr. Karsten Bronken should furnish the
City's Engineer, Mr. Carollo, with drawings showing how the water
was to be taken out and at what point and, after these drawings had
been studied, the matter of the price of the water could be settled
by the Commission.

Director of Public Works Sauer advised the City still had no
easement or dedication for all of the ditch; that a deed had been
forwarded to Mr. Farnsworth for his signature; that Mr. Farnsworth
had agreed to execute this deed upon completion of the final survey,
and although the deed had not been returned the City did have a
letter stating Mr. Farnsworth agreed to make this dedication.

Mr. Farnsworth stated the City had agreed to put a culvert across
the ditch and he was waiting for that to be done before he signed
the deed.

Mr. Sauer advised such a culvert would cost $3,000.00, and possibly
more and that neither Mr. Uehling nor he had any knowledge of such
an agreement. To this Mr. Farnsworth replied he had no written
agreement, but it was his son-in-law's understanding that a bridge

2-3-60
would be put in to provide access to this land. Mr. Sauer stated it
was never his understanding this would be done, and then described
the line of the ditch to the Commission, indicating the portion which
Mr. Farnsworth had agreed to dedicate.

It was Commissioner Fountain's opinion that a charge of $1 per year
be made for this effluent water for a period of approximately three
years, provided the engineering phase of the matter could be worked
out between Mr. Bronken and Mr. Carollo; that the users of the water
pay the cost of all connections; that the City not be bound to supply
water for any specified length of time and, upon any extension of
any contract, there shall be no expense to the City.

It was the recommendation of City Attorney Cory that this matter be
referred to a Committee, to work out the details with the Engineers,
submit a report and after that time a motion be made.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, appointed Commissioners Whipple and Sharp
as a Committee on this matter.

Commissioner Elwell moved that Commissioner E. W. Fountain and
Commissioner Harris Sharp, duly appointed as the Freeway Committee
for the City of Las Vegas, be authorized to present to the State
Highway Board and the Bureau of Public Roads in Carson City plans
for two (2) interchanges within the City limits of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, as well as certain proposed grade separations at
major streets on Interstate Route No. 15.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Dr. Stein addressed the Commission, stating he objected to the
Planning Commission's requirements for parking in connection with
16 apartments constructed by Dr. Stein.

It was Commissioner Sharp's suggestion that Dr. Stein apply for a
variance.

City Manager Kennedy advised the General Fund Balance, as of January
31, 1960, was $1,129,442.48, Gross Payroll was $115,949.56, and there
was a refund of a liquor license to Sy Husney in the amount of $250.00
covering two months, because of change of ownership and duplicate
payment of liquor license.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Western High School to
trade land to the City for the installation of a sewer line from the
school to Algiers, consisting of approximately ½ mile of sewer line.

When asked for an opinion on this matter, City Attorney Cory stated
the effect would be that the City would be paying for the sewer line
and he did not believe it required much of an opinion, stating it
was a policy the City would be confronted with.

Commissioner Fountain requested the City Attorney submit a written
report on this matter.

The next request of the School District presented by City Manager
Kennedy was for joint use of the athletic field near the golf course
under arrangements similar to those for other School District and
City facilities.

Commissioner Sharp commented that the City Manager had authority to
grant this request and no motion was necessary.

The next request of the School District involved a trade of City
owned land in Eastern Las Vegas for a park site in the vicinity of
Doolittle Avenue and "H" Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following Resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

RESOLVED, that the City Manager is hereby authorized and empowered to
negotiate with the School District for exchange of City owned land
in the east portion of the town with land owned by the School District
on the Westside for the development of a joint use City-School Park
and submit a report as soon as such negotiations have been completed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission authorization was needed
to write a letter to the Coordinator of Urban Renewal, stating the
City intends to build a $200,000.00 park on the Westside in connection
with the Urban Renewal program. Mr. Kennedy advised this would
increase the cost to the City by $35,000.00 on Urban Redevelopment,
but the City would receive full credit for the $200,000.00 park, and
the school.

FREEWAY MEETING
Carson City

Authorization given for presen-
tation of Plan

DR. STEIN
Discussion

GENERAL FUND BALANCE

SEWER LINE
Western High School
Held in Abeyance

ATHLETIC FIELD
Discussion

WESTSIDE CITY-SCHOOL PARK
Resolution Adopted

URBAN RENEWAL
Westside Park
Authorization Given

2-3-60
Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager he authorized to write
the letter requested, advising the City would build a $200,000.00
park on the Westside.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following salary increases for
members of the appointive staff be approved for February 1, 1960,
as recommended by the City Manager:

Name	Step	Sched.	Dollars

Kelton E.	Bainum	1-2	36	620 - 650

Sidney R.	Whitmore	1-2	40	750 - 787

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Charles Perri of the
Fire Department for 11 days additional sick leave be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Pioneer Club for
approval of a celebration of their Grand Opening in April, after
completion of remodeling.

Commissioner Sharp said, although the Resolution on Give-Aways had
never been adopted, he did not think every one of these requests
should come before the Commission, so long as the policy was
complied with.

City Attorney Cory advised Commissioner Sharp would be correct if
the Resolution had been adopted and was in effect, in order to give
the City Manager a standard by which to be guided; however, after
the last meeting on the Resolution, there were some modifications
and change of words, such as prohibiting drink tickets, and it was
his opinion the Resolution should be adopted to provide the City
Manager with a guide.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following Resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, Section 31, of Chapter II, of the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, authorizes and empowers the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas to regulate, or prohibit and suppress games,
gaming houses, and gambling, as allowed by law, in all its various
forms; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
finds that some liquor and gaming licensees have engaged in a
practice of giving away free gifts in various forms, and have
advertised the same to the general public; and said Board of
Commissioners further finds that the continuation of such "give-
away" practices without regulation is contrary to and detrimental
to the best interests and general welfare of the inhabitants of the
City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Board of Commissioners deems it desirable
and finds that it is expedient and necessary to adopt rules and
regulations governing the conduct and practices of gaming and
liquor licensees in the City of Las Vegas in advertising and giving
away free gifts, including annual or special celebrations or events,
and that such rules and regulations will be for the promotion and
protection of health, comfort, safety, welfare and property of the
inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, at a Regular meeting thereof, held on the
3rd day of February, 1960, that the following rules and regulations
be and they hereby are adopted as rules and regulations governing the
conduct and method of operation of gaming and liquor licensees in
the City of Las Vegas:

1. No licensee, or agent or employee of any licensee, subject
to these rules and regulations, shall give away or distribute free
of charge to the general public any souvenir, free gift, advertising
material or other item of value in excess of the value of One Dollar
($1.00). All such souvenirs, free gifts, advertising material, or
items of value of $1.00 or less, shall be distributed only in the
place of business operated by such licensee in the City of Las Vegas,
or from the licensed premises of any other established place of
business, provided such distribution is made by the operator of such
business, or his agents or employees; or at the Clark County

2-3-60

SALARY INCREASES
February 1, 1960
Approved

SICK LEAVE GRANT
Charles Perri
Approved

PIONEER CLUB CELEBRATION
Approved
Convention Center from a booth or other designated area provided for
such purpose.

2.	(a) No chips, checks, cards or tickets or coupons redeemable

in cash, or other indicia of cash value shall be offered to or given
away to the general public, either on or off of the licensed premises
of any licensee subject to these rules and regulations, provided,
however, that the licensee of an authorized bingo game may provide for
free bingo games by drawings, or otherwise, only within the area where
bingo games are actually played and may give free bingo games, or
tickets therefor only to paid bingo players, or authorized players of
free bingo games, who are seated as a player at such bingo game at the
time said drawing or other distribution of free bingo games is held.

(b) No free drink tickets shall be distributed for any
purpose whatsoever at any location other than the Clark County
Convention Center from a booth, or other designated area provided
for such purpose; provided, however, that the foregoing prohibition
against the distribution of free drink tickets shall not be construed
to prevent any licensee, subject to these rules and regulations, from
giving or distributing free drinks to any or all persons in the
licensed premises of any such licensee.

3. No person subject to these rules and regulations, (except
tavern, or beer, or beverage licensees as permitted by ordinance)
shall give away free food to the general public, except that hotels
and gambling casinos may give away free hor d'oeuvres between the
hours of 5:00 P.M. to 7:00 P.M., but only if the place of service,
whether portable or stationary, is supervised and operated by a
separate attendant.

4. No person subject to these rules and regulations shall
advertise any distribution of free gifts or other "give-away" items
of any value whatsoever, whether of a souvenir or other nature, by
means of radio, television, newspapers, trains, buses, airlines,
motel and hotel posters, or bulletins, or by any other advertising
media of any nature whatsoever, except as may be authorized from
time to time by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
in conjunction with a special celebration, event or contest of such
person as hereinafter provided.

5. No person subject to these rules and regulations, shall
operate, or cause to be operated, sidewalk loud speakers, either
outside or immediately inside the premises of such person and no
loud speaker or noise amplifying device shall be operated inside of
the premises of such person in such a manner as to unnecessarily
increase normal and usual or unavoidable noises in the public streets
of the City of Las Vegas.

6.	No person subject to these rules and regulations shall place
or cause to be placed on any public property in the City of Las Vegas,
including the sidewalks and streets of said City, any searchlights, or
display of prizes, or awards, or any advertising of any nature
whatsoever; provided, however, that nothing herein shall prevent the
installation of searchlights or the use of advertising, or the display
of prizes or awards, on private property.

7.	No person subject to these rules and regulations shall conduct
on or from such person's licensed premises more than two (2) special
celebrations, or events, or contests, in any calendar year, commencing
with the calendar year beginning January 1st, 196o. In the event

any such person desires to conduct and sponsor a special celebration,
event, or contest, application for a permit therefor shall be filed
with the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas not less
than sixty (60) days in advance of the date of such proposed celebration,
event or contest; provided, however, that the Commission, for good
cause shown and in its sole discretion, may receive and act upon any
such application which has not been filed within the time herein
prescribed. The application shall state the name and address of the
licensee; the period of time during which said celebration, event,
or contest is to be conducted; the prizes or awards, if any, which
are to be given to participants in or winners of any event or contest;
the souvenirs or free gifts, or other items having a value in excess
of $1.00 which are to be offered to the general public during any
such celebration; and the extent and method of advertising to be
used in promoting any such celebration, event, or contest.

The Commission shall issue a permit for such celebration, event,
or contest, if it finds that the proposed method and operation thereof
is not contrary to the best interests and general welfare of the
inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas and is not contrary to the
promotion and protection of health, comfort, safety, welfare and
property of such inhabitants; provided, however, that as a condition
of approving such application and issuing such permit, the Commission
may limit the period of the proposed celebration, event, or contest,
and may authorize the distribution of free souvenirs, or free gifts,
or free advertising material, or free prizes, or free awards which
are in excess of the value of $1.00, including advertising thereof
which is otherwise prohibited by Section 4 hereof, but no such approval
shall extend beyond the period authorized by the permit issued for
such celebration, event, or contest; and no such approval shall

2-3-60
authorize the use of the sidewalks and streets of the City of
Las Vegas, or other public property as prohibited by Section 6 of
these rules and regulations.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, hereby disapproves and condemns any organized
program of any licensee subject to the foregoing rules and regulations,
which induces patrons of the downtown area to leave said area by
means of free transportation to, or to receive free entertainment
at, places located outside of the City of Las Vegas, provided,
however, that nothing herein shall be construed to apply to free
transportation or free entertainment which may be offered occasionally
to personal friends or regular customers of any such licensee.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that any willful and intentional violation
of this Resolution by any person subject thereto, shall be deemed
sufficient basis for the issuance of an order to show cause why
such person's license to do business should not be suspended or
revoked.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of February, 1960.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Bunker - Jones for
additional time to prepare the City audit, due to the fact they
were delayed by reason of the audit on Urban Renewal.

Commissioner Sharp moved Bunker - Jones be given an additional
thirty days in which to prepare the City audit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised that letters had been received from the
Berkeley Square Improvement Association, complaining about the
condition of the Juleart Trailer Court, located at "H" and Owens.

Mr. Kennedy stated the Juleart Trailer Court was located in the
proper zone and had authority to have 48 trailers; however, there
were sanitary and building conditions which required correction
and Mr. Clark, the owner of the Trailer Court, was doing his utmost
to correct the situation.

Mr. Bill Clark, owner of Juleart Trailer Court, addressed the
Commission, stated he had. taken a crew of men and gone through the
park and cleaned it up; that he had. evicted 19 of his tenants; that
he had gone to the extent of purchasing a street sweeper and swept
the park every day; that all the buildings which had been built onto
trailers had been red tagged and he was doing everything possible to
keep the park clean. It was Mr. Clark's opinion that the people in
Berkeley Square wanted the park removed.

City Manager Kennedy suggested that a meeting be held, not necessarily
before the full Commission - perhaps a Committee could be appointed,
and all the people who were complaining about the trailer park and
the people living in the trailer park could attend. Mr. Kennedy
explained that nothing could be done about certain violations
complained of - they would be Police matters - unless complaints were
filed against the people guilty of the violations. Mr. Kennedy
concluded by stating 28 of the trailers had been red tagged.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, set Tuesday, February 9, 1960, at 7:30 P.M.,
in the Council Chambers of City Hall as the time and place of the
meeting and stated the entire Board of Commissioners would be present.

A discussion concerning the motel presently being built by Franklin
Bros. at Ogden and Las Vegas Boulevard North followed.

The Board of Commissioners agreed that Franklin Bros. would have to
abide by the Building Code.

Commissioner Whipple moved City Manager Kennedy be authorized to go
to bid for one 6 cylinder Sedan and one Pickup, for use in the
Building Department.

2-3-60

CITY AUDIT
Bunker - Jones
Additional Time Granted

JULEART TRAILER COURT
Public Meeting Set

FRANKLIN BROS. MOTEL
Discussion

6 CYLINDER SEDAN AND
PICKUP

Request to go to Bid
Approved

/s/ Edwina M. Cole_______

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk

/s/ Oran K. Gragson
ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor
Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; Commissioner Fountain voting no.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated he would like to appoint a Committee
to arrange for inspection of taxicabs, to see they were safe as far
as brakes, lights and equipment were concerned and also to check the
physical condition of the taxicabs, as it was his understanding
many of them were operating with faulty meters. Permission was
granted and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, appointed Commissioner Fountain
and himself to act as such Committee.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Liquor Ordinance,
which was introduced and read by title at the regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held September 16, 1959, and referred to
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, Committee for recommendation.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Plumbing Code
Ordinance, which was introduced and read by title at the regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held November 18, 1959,
and referred to Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, Committee for
recommendation.

-0O0-

There being no further business to come before the Board, at the hour
of 10:50 P.M. Commissioner Fountain moved this meeting be adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

MINUTES	Las Vegas, Nevada

February 17, 1960

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Nevada, held this 17th day of February, 1960, was called

to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present:

Mayor	Oran K. Gragson

Commissioner	William H. Elwell

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert D. Heath

Deputy City Attorney	Sidney R. Whitmore

Public Works Director	Richard P. Sauer

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Edwina M. Cole

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, called the meeting to order. The Pledge
of Allegiance was thereupon given.

Commissioner Reed Whipple gave the Invocation, at the request of
His Honor, Mayor Gragson.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, advised the Commission would defer action
on Payroll and Service and Material Warrants until later in the
meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of February 3, 1960, be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the following Charitable Solicitations
Permits, as approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved,
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:

2-3-60 and 2-17-60

PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE
INVOCATION

MINUTES

February 3, 1960
Approved

CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS
PERMITS

Approved

INSPECTION OF TAXICABS
Committee Appointed

PROPOSED LIQUOR ORDINANCE
Continued

PROPOSED PLUMBING CODE
ORDINANCE

Continued

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

ATTEST:
Alpha Epsilon Chapter of Epsilon Sigma Alpha - International Sorority-

Fashion Show and sale of raffle tickets
Jr. Auxiliary of American Legion Aux. - L.V. Unit #8 - Cookie and

candy sale

Boulder Dam Area Council, Inc., Boy Scouts of America - Parti-
cipation membership drive

Gorman High School Boosters Club & Mothers Club - Bingo party &

raffle

Las Vegas Emblem Club #114 - Rummage sale and dinner
Las Vegas High School Music Club - Candy sale
Lions Club - Breakfasters - Sale of light bulbs
Poodle Club of Las Vegas - Poodle parade and raffle
Women of the Moose - Rummage sale

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Police Athletic
League to conduct a dance and raffle be deferred until later in the
meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Guy and Evelyn
Chiaverini for a beer license at Chiaverini's Sausage Shop, 1221 S.
Main, be approved, on the basis of favorable police report, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Abe Fox for a beverage
license at The Caje, 303½ Wall, be approved, on the basis of
favorable police report, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Thomas A. Mulroy, of
639 S. Van Ness Avenue, Los Angeles, California, for a detective
license for the Wm. J. Burns International Detective Agency be
approved, on the basis of favorable police report, and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor

Gragson, voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Ann Kogstat for a
second-hand license at Ann's New & Used Merchandise, 714 N. Main, be
approved, on the basis of favorable police report, and the Super-
visor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the following applications for additional
gaming licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Moulin Rouge Cocktail 900 W. Bonanza United Coin 1 Pin Ball
Lounge

Shamrock Cocktail	7 E.	Bonanza	United	Coin	1	Pin Ball

Lounge

New El Morocco	1332	N. "E"	United	Coin	1	Pin Ball

Showboat Lanes	2800	Fremont	United	Coin	1	Slot

Showboat Hotel	2800	Fremont	United	Coin	1	"21"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the following applications for additional
gaming licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

The Westerner	23 Fremont	George Arquilla	2	Slots

Lucky Liquor Store	2002 E. Christ.J.J. Parker Co.	1	Slot

Yvette's Pancake	826 E. Christ.	Kroloff Dist. Co.	3	Slots

Inn

The Mint	110 Fremont	Milton Prell, A.F.	3	"21"

Winter & Joe D. 1 Roulette
Hall

2-17-60

CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS
PERMIT

Deferred

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Approved

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Approved

DETECTIVE LICENSE
New

Approved

SECOND-HAND LICENSE
New

Approved

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved
Lucky Stike	117	Fremont	A.F. Winter, Milton	1	Big "6"

Prell, Joe Hall &	Wheel

M. Bernstein

Golden Gate	1 Fremont	Leo Massaro	1	Slot

Fremont Hotel	200	Fremont	Edward Torres	20	Slots

Golden Nugget	129	Fremont	Golden Nugget,	Inc.	19	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple an d His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional
cigarette licenses be approved and the Supervisor of License and
Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

Sunland Motors	2030 Fremont	Ralph	T.	Warne's

Main St. Laundromat 1410 S. Main	Ralph	T.	Warne's

Biltmore Motel	120 Cleveland	Ralph	T.	Warne's

Baltimore Arms	121 Baltimore	Ralph	T.	Warne's

Cleveland Arms	130 Cleveland	Ralph T. Warne's

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, informed the meeting the proposed Liquor
Ordinance would be held in abeyance and would not be discussed at
this meeting, the Committee on this Ordinance having requested
additional time.

Deputy Director of Public Works V. B. Uehling stated there was one bid
received from Wells Cargo, Inc. in the amount of $2,994.40, which
represented a unit price of approximately $1.52 a square yard.

Commissioner Fountain inquired as to the amount of the Engineer's
Estimate and Mr. Uehling informed him it was $3,500.00.

City Manager Kennedy informed the Commission this bid was not an
Informal Bid in the form known to the Commission, but was a bid which
had been put out in the form of a written request for bids, and the
bid received had been opened the previous day at 2:00 P.M. in the
Public Works Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved Informal Bid #I-30-59 for pavement replacement
at the intersection of Maryland Parkway and Charleston Boulevard be
awarded to Wells Cargo, Inc., provided the bonds were in order.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain inquired if the customary procedure for informal
bids had been followed and the bid advertised in the newspapers. Mr.
Kennedy replied the bid had not been advertised, and Commissioner
Fountain stated he did not understand why only one bid had been
received if all the contractors interested in this type of work had
been notified.

Mr. Uehling advised that Wells Cargo, Inc., Ideal Asphalt, Las Vegas
Building Materials and H. W. Polk (being local contractors doing this
type of work) had been contacted, but Wells Cargo was the only one
who submitted a bid.

The foregoing motion was carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Fountain passed his vote.

City Manager Kennedy requested that he be permitted to speak for a
moment before Mr. Uehling brought up the next matter. Mr. Kennedy
advised this bid involved Highland (which would become Western Avenue
after the Freeway is built), which was approved for macadem paving at
the previous meeting; that it was the City's intention to obtain
gravel from the State for this project and the State now refused to
allow the City to use the State gravel pit, making it necessary to
secure bids for this gravel. Mr. Kennedy further advised that this
bid had not been published; that two quotations had been obtained, and
the total amount would probably be about $3,000.00.

Deputy Director of Public Works V. B. Uehling stated a bid for Type 1
Aggregate, for use on Oakey and San Francisco, had gone out Monday to
four contractors - Wells Cargo, Inc., W.M.K., Blue Bolt Hauling and
Ideal Asphalt - and that two bids had been received, one from Wells
Cargo, Inc. in the amount of $1,820.00, and the other from W.M.K. in
the amount of $3,120.00; further, that this was Type 1 pit run
gravel.

Commissioner Whipple moved Informal Bid #I-32-59 for Type 1 pit run
gravel be awarded to Wells Cargo, Inc. in the amount of $1,820.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-17-60

INFORMAL BID #I-32-59
Highland Drive Extension
Award

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
Additional
Approved

PROPOSED LIQUOR ORDINANCE
Held in Abeyance

INFORMAL BID #I-30-59

Maryland Pkwy. - Charles-
ton Blvd. Intersection
Pavement Replacement

Award
Planning Director Franklin J. Bills presented the application of
Vegas-Charleston, Ltd. for the rezoning of a piece of property
located directly vest of Charleston Heights, stating this matter
had been held in abeyance for two or three meetings by the Planning
Commission, to determine the possible effect of the rezoning of this
property on the proposed flood control channel. Mr. Bills advised
at the last meeting of the Planning Commission it was sought to amend
the application to reduce the proposed rezoning to the eastern half,
based upon information received that the eastern half would not be
affected by the flood control channel; however, since that meeting
the Planning Commission had been informed the Corps of Army Engineers
indicated it had no intention of changing their position from their
original recommendation and, therefore, it was the recommendation of
the Planning Commission that this rezoning be held in abeyance,
pending a final determination of the course of the flood control
channel.

Mr. Samuel S. Lionel, attorney for Vegas-Charleston, Ltd., stated
this land had been annexed to the City over four years ago; that
his clients had developed most of Charleston Heights and intended to
develop this half section, and they had only four sites left to
develop. Mr. Lionel advised the Commission this matter had been
before the Planning Commission on three different occasions during
the last six weeks; that Mr. Sauer informed Mr. Lionel there would
be no flood control channel necessary in the eastern half, but that
the flood control channel should be along the westerly boundary. It
was Mr. Lionel's contention they should not be stopped from developing
the property in question because of the Corps of Army Engineers, and,
since the property was zoned Ranch Estates at the present time, they
certainly had the right to build ranch homes; however, according to
the Master Plan it was his understanding the entire area would be
high density. (Planning Director Bills corrected this statement,
advising the property would be low density, or tract type homes.)

Mr. Lionel continued by stating it was his thought they should not
be required to return again and again, and if they had not asked to
have the entire section rezoned, this matter could have been before
the Commission four weeks ago.

A discussion of the location of the flood control channel followed
between Commissioner Sharp, Deputy Director of Public Works Uehling
and City Manager Kennedy, all of whom were of the opinion the flood
control line should be established as soon as possible.

Commissioner Fountain expressed doubt that the Corps of Army
Engineers would take prompt action, based on previous experience,
adding a definite line for the flood control channel had never
been spelled out.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Corps of Army Engineers had requests
a line and it was his thought the City of Las Vegas, City of North
Las Vegas and the County would have to meet and agree on this line.

Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be referred back to the
Planning Commission and that it be again presented at the next
meeting.

City Manager Kennedy stated he thought the matter could be settled
if the City Commission would contact the Chairman of the Flood
Control Board and arrange for a meeting.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to set up a
meeting between the Flood Control Board, City Planning Commission
and any other interested parties for the purpose of establishing a
flood control channel.

Commissioner Whipple withdrew his motion and seconded the motion of
Commissioner Sharp. Motion carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Elwell, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor, Mayor Gragson,
voting aye; Commissioner Fountain voting no.

Mr. Ralph Kramer, representing a Mr. Baker, advised a 12" sewer line
had been run up Alta from Decatur for this parcel of property,
which involved quite an expense and it was his thought progress
should not be slowed up.

Mr. Lionel stated he failed to see what effect a rezoning from Ranch
Estates to R-1 would have upon where the flood control channel will
go and again requested that the rezoning requested be approved,
adding that over one-half million in property was standing idle.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, stated they only desired to hold this
matter in abeyance for approximately two weeks, and Commissioner
Whipple explained if the rezoning were granted now, the City would
have to condemn many more pieces of property at the time the flood
control channel was put in, than if it remained R-E.

Commissioner Fountain did not think the flood control line could be
determined by the next meeting, and City Manager Kennedy stated he
was sure this could be done.

2-17-60

REZONING (Z-46-59)
Vegas-Charleston, Ltd.
Held in Abeyance
BID #60.01

Interceptor Sewers - Cedar
Ave. & San Francisco, between
L.V. Blvd. S. & Rancho Drive

Referred for Recommendation

VACATION (VAC-1-60)

Dan Plunkett
Approved

ANNEXATION (A-1-60)

Eastland Heights, Sebec
Acres

Resolution Adopted -
Public Hearing Set

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, opened the bid of Longley Construction
Company, which was in the amount of $91,718.35, together with an
alternate in the amount of $99,408.35; the bid of J. A. Tiberti
Construction Company in the amount of $86,965.00, together with an
alternate in the amount of $97,054.00. The bid of James Dorfman was
not considered, on the advise of the City Attorney, in view of the
fact that Mr. Dorfman did not have a City license.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above bids be referred to the Department
of Public Works and the City Manager for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the bid of James Dorfman be returned to
Mr. Dorfman, as it did not meet the proper qualifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Dan Plunkett for realignment
of an alley in the Plunkett Industrial Tract. Planning Director Bills
explained this would not require a public hearing and would only
involve an exchange of property between the City and Mr. Plunkett.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Dan Plunkett for realignment
of an alley in the Plunkett Industrial Tract be approved, as
recommended by the Planning Commission and Traffic & Parking Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills stated the Planning Commission had received
a series of petitions, signed by 22 property owners living in Eastland
Heights, which consists of some 300 acres, requesting this property be
annexed to the City of Las Vegas. He added this area had an estimated
population of 700 people, consisting of 187 property owners. It was
the recommendation of the Planning Commission that this matter be
favorably considered by the Commission. Mr. Bills advised before any
final action could be taken in an annexation of this type, it was
necessary to call a public hearing, at which time any property owners
might protest in person or by properly certified petition; that the
Resolution before the Commission was a resolution of intention to
annex and set a date for the public hearing (which date would have to
be filled in), and that it was necessary to publish a notice of such
public hearing for two successive weeks and to post such notice in
three public places.

Mr. Tad Porter, a Las Vegas attorney and resident of Eastland Heights,
presented letters, containing 115 signatures and representing an
assessed property value of $685,272.00, opposing the proposed annexation.
Mr. Porter stated he realized the presentation of these protests was
premature, but he thought this might save time and expense later on.

In reply to Commissioner Sharp's question, Mr. Porter advised he repre-
sented 115 property owners living in Sebec Acres and Eastland 1, 2 and
3; that the total number of property owners in the area was 187, but
it was his opinion this might possibly be 225 now.

It was Commissioner Fountain's opinion that the protests should be
filed with the City Clerk.

Commissioner Elwell inquired of Mr. Porter why these property owners
were protesting the annexation and was informed by Mr. Porter that
the property owners did not feel the City had too much to offer; that
they bought in the County because they wanted to remain in the County;
that they had a County Fire System and their own water district, and
that, although insurance rates would decrease upon annexation, taxes
would increase.

Commissioner Whipple pointed out they were receiving fire protection
from the City, not the County, under the cooperative agreement between
the City and County, and this forced City property owners to pay for
County fire protection. Upon questioning, Mr. Porter admitted the
closest County Fire Station was at the Stardust Hotel.

Deputy City Attorney Whitmore thereupon read the following Resolution,
being a resolution of intention to annex Eastland Heights and Sebec
Acres to the City of Las Vegas:

RESOLUTION

A RESOLUTION DECLARING THE INTENTION OF THE BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO ANNEX TO THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS CERTAIN DESCRIBED PROPERTY, AND SETTING
THE DATE FOR A PUBLIC HEARING TO DETERMINE THE WISHES OF
THE PROPERTY OWNERS WITHIN SAID AREA WHICH IS SOUGHT TO
BE ANNEXED.

2-17-60
WHEREAS the area hereinafter described in this resolution comes
in the logical jurisdictional boundaries of the City of Las Vegas,
and should be annexed to the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS general plans for the proper development of this area
can be worked out in the public interest with greater regard for the
rights and desires of all property owners in the area on an overall
basis rather than on a piece-meal basis which would be required if
only a portion of the area were to be annexed, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas is equipped to provide and/or
to assist the property owners in the provision of certain urban type
services which would be difficult for the County of Clark to provide
to an unincorporated area, and

WHEREAS the City Planning Commission at a regular meeting on
February 11, 2960, voted to recommend to the Board of City
Commissioners that the hereinafter described property be annexed to
the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS petitions signed by a representative group of property
owners within this area, requesting the annexation of this territory
to the City of Las Vegas are now on file in the office of the Planning
Department, although some other property owners have indicated some
verbal objections to the annexation of this territory, and

WHEREAS Chapter 320, Laws of Nevada, 1953, provides for the
annexation of certain areas adjacent and contiguous to the corporate
limits of the City of Las Vegas by holding a public hearing thereon,
and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas deems it in the public interest
to call for said public hearing on the annexation of the hereinafter
described property,

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 17th
day of February, 1960, that the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas declares its intention to annex to the City of Las Vegas
the following described property:

ALL THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW¼) OF SECTION 19, CONTAINING
PARKCHESTER ESTATES, SAVE AND EXCEPT THAT SOUTHWESTERLY PART
ALREADY WITHIN THE CITY LIMITS OF LAS VEGAS, AND ALL OF THE
SOUTHEAST QUARTER (SE¼) OF SECTION 19, CONTAINING EASTLAND
HEIGHTS, EASTLAND HEIGHTS NO. 2, AND EASTLAND HEIGHTS NO. 3;

SAVE AND EXCEPT THAT PORTION OF THE NORTHEAST QUARTER LYING
EAST OF U. S. HIGHWAY NO. 95; AND ALL OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER
(SW¼) OF THE SOUTHWEST QUARTER (SW¼) OF SECTION 20, CONTAINING
SEBEC ACRES, SAVE AND EXCEPT LOT 5 AND PART OF LOT 6 OF SEBEC
ACRES OTHERWISE KNOWN AS THE RARDON ANNEXATION, TOWNSHIP 20
SOUTH, RANGE 61 EAST, M.D.B.&M., CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Engineer be and hereby
is ordered to file a plat in the office of the City Clerk of the City
of Las Vegas showing the area hereinabove described which is to be
annexed, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a public hearing on said deter-
mination to annex shall be held at 7:30 P.M. on the 16th day of
March, 1960, at the Council Chambers in the City Hall at Las Vegas
Boulevard North and Stewart Street of the City of Las Vegas and all
free-holders of such territory, sought to be annexed, may appear in
person, or by filing a properly signed petition with the City Clerk
on or before the date named to show cause why said territory should
not be annexed to the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a notice of said hearing shall be
published twice each week for a period of two weeks in a newspaper
published in the City of Las Vegas, and said notice shall be posted
in at least three (3) public places in the territory sought to be
annexed and a copy of said notice to be mailed to all known free-
holders of the said territory sought to be annexed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the notice provided herein this
REsolution shall be in substantially the form attached hereto and
made a part of this Resolution.

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk

2-17-60

ATTEST:
Commissioner Elwell moved the foregoing Resolution he adopted and the
public hearing set for March 16, 1960, at 7:30 P.M. in the Council
Chambers of City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

-0O0-

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. this meeting was recessed and reconvened at
the hour of 8:50 P.M., with all members present as of the opening
session.

-0O0-

Mrs. Robert Lundgren, a Principal of a school in Vegas Heights,
addressed the Commission, stating she lived north of Owens, on
Highland Drive, and across from her residence the property had become a
veritable City dump. Mrs. Lundgren stated people dumped garbage and
trash on the desert, on the right-of-way and even on the highway. It
was ascertained this land was in the City. Mrs. Lundgren advised she
had appealed to different members of the City Fathers and the Commission,
requesting that something be done to correct the situation, such as
the posting of signs; that she has seen people driving in and dumping
as many as five cans of raw garbage at a time.

City Manager Kennedy advised he had received a complaint to the same
effect and an inspection revealed the condition described by Mrs.

Lundgren. Mr. Kennedy stated he asked the person who called to get
the license number of any cars dumping garbage, notify the Police
Department, and a police car would be there immediately and concluded
by stating the owner of the property would have to be notified to
clean it up.

It was Commissioner Fountain's thought that a skiploader should be used
to cover the debris, after which the property should be posted and
the roads leading into the property barricaded.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, remarked that the people dumping garbage
could well be from the County, to which Mrs. Lundgren replied she
did not believe this was true in all instances, as she had seen
contractors dump trash on the property.

Planning Director Bills added that while discussing a proposed annexation,
some citizens had objected on the ground they would have to pay $5.00
a quarter to have their garbage removed and, as long as they were in
the County, they could dump it on the land.

City Manager Kennedy stated steps would have to be taken to have this
property cleaned; however, the City had no right to go on private
property. Mrs. Lundgren commented that, in any event, the right-of-
way could be cleaned up.

Commissioner Whipple stated the City would first have to make a request
to the owner of the property that it be cleaned, as the City could
not go on private property without first giving notice. It was Mrs.
Lundgren's opinion that it would cost the owner thousands of dollars
to clean this property. City Manager Kennedy stated he believed the
owner of the property was in California.

After consideration by the Commission, Commissioner Whipple moved the
tentative map of McNeil Tract #5 be approved, as recommended by the
Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

After consideration by the Commission, Commissioner Fountain moved the
tentative map of Golfridge Terrace #4 be approved, as recommended by
the Planning Commission, subject to the following conditions:

1.	Assurance as to acquisition of a suitable school site.

2.	Approval of water system by Water District.

3. No vehicular access to Michael Way.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

After consideration by the Commission, Commissioner Fountain moved the
tentative map of Golfridge Terrace #5 be approved, as recommended by
the Planning Commission, subject to the following conditions:

1.	Assurance as to acquisition of a suitable school site.

2.	Approval of water system by Water District.

3.	No vehicular access to Decatur Boulevard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-17-60

McNEIL TRACT #5
Tentative Map
Approved

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE #4
Tentative Map
Approved

GOLFRIDGE TERRACE #5
Tentative Map
Approved

TRASH AND GARBAGE DUMPING
Complaint
TWIN LAKES VILLAGE UNIT #4
Revised Tentative Map
Approved

VACATION (VAC-1-59)

J. J. McMahon, et al.

Held in Abeyance

PROPOSED FOOD HANDLERS
ORDINANCE

Report

PROPOSED "CURB CUT" ORDINANCE
Referred to Committee

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

Rezoning Z-41-59

Herman E. Fisher and Louisa
Earl

Referred to Committee

PROPOSED PRIVATE DETECTIVE
LICENSING ORDINANCE

Referred to Committee

SALE OF LIQUOR TO MINORS
Letter Authorized

After consideration by the Commission, Commissioner Sharp moved the
revised tentative map of Twin Lakes Village Unit #4 be approved,
as recommended by the Planning Commission, subject to the following
conditions:

1.	Satisfactory arrangement with School District as to acquisition
of school site.

2.	Full street improvement on Nugget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Planning Director Bills advised this matter had been held in abeyance
for sometime, pending receipt of final engineering designs; however,
the Engineering Department had advised today that plans would be
finalized prior to the next meeting.

Commissioner Fountain moved the petition of J. J. McMahon, et al.,
for vacation of a portion of Bonanza Way in Biltmore #3 be held in
abeyance, pending receipt of final Engineering plans.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. John Peter Lee, Attorney, and Mr. Robert Bugbee, Chairman of the
Jaycees Legislative Action Committee, advised the Junior Chamber of
Commerce was seeking the enactment of an Ordinance requiring all
food handlers (employed in eating establishments) to be examined
annually for tuberculosis. Mr. Lee advised the public was in favor
of such an Ordinance and many signatures had been secured in favor
thereof. He requested His Honor, Mayor Gragson, to appoint a
Committee to work with the Junior Chamber of Commerce on such an
Ordinance, a rough draft of which had been submitted to the Deputy
City Attorney, and stated he would be happy to lend all possible
assistance in the preparation of this proposed Ordinance.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, appointed Commissioners Elwell and
Fountain as a Committee to report on this matter.

Deputy City Attorney Whitmore read by title a proposed Ordinance
entitled:	"ORDINANCE CONCERNING CONSTRUCTION, SEPARATION AND REMOVAL

OF RESIDENTIAL, COMMERCIAL AND/OR INDUSTRIAL CURBS AND SIDEWALK
DRIVEWAY CROSSINGS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, C LARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, referred this proposed Ordinance to
Commissioners Sharp and Whipple for recommendation.

A proposed Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF

ORDINANCE NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED
BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF
CERTAIN AREAS OF THE SAID MAP was read by title by Deputy City
Attorney Whitmore, who recommended it be referred to a Committee.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, referred this proposed Ordinance to
Commissioners Fountain and Elwell for recommendation.

A proposed Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL SECTION 8 OF

ORDINANCE NO. 667 ENTITLED "AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING THE LICENSING OF
PRIVATE DETECTIVES; DEFINING PRIVATE DETECTIVES; REQUIRING PAYMENT
OF A LICENSE FEE; PROVIDING FOR APPLICATIONS FOR PRIVATE DETECTIVE
LICENSES; PROVIDING REASONABLE LIMITATION OF THE NUMBER OF LICENSES
TO BE ISSUED OR IN EFFECT AT ANY ONE TIME; REQUIRING A BOND;

PROVIDING FOR INVESTIGATION OF APPLICANTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR
VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED
THERETO" was read by title by Deputy City Attorney Whitmore, who
recommended it be referred to a Committee.

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, referred the above proposed Ordinance to
Commissioners Sharp and Fountain for recommendation.

A matter concerning the sale of 5-½ pints of Vodka to a 14 year old
boy was brought to the attention of the Commission by Police Chief
Sheffer, who advised the bartender making the sale (who was in sole
charge of the bar at the time) had had his license revoked. However,
it was the request of the Police Department that the owner of the
establishment be notified by letter that any similar violation of
the law would result in more drastic action.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Police Chief Ray Sheffer be
authorized to notify the owner of the establishment, in writing,
that any future sale of liquor to minors would result in drastic
action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-17-60
HOYT BENCH CONTRACT
Additional Benches Authorized

POLICE DEPARTMENT
AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM

Request to go to hid

Approved

TEMPLE BETH SHOLOM
Purchase of Section M, Woodlawn
Cemetery
Held in Abeyance

BID #60.01

Interceptor Sewers - Cedar Ave.
& San Francisco, between L. V.
Blvd. S. & Rancho Drive

Award

GENERAL FUND BALANCE

NATIONAL RIVERS & HARBORS
CONGRESS

Attendance Approved

YOUTH FORESTRY CAMP
Appropriation Approved

PURCHASE ORDER

Parts and Equipment for Shovel
Approved

LIQUOR LICENSE - SPECIAL EVENT
Forward Corp.

Approved

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to write a letter to
Mr. C. Norman Cornwall, advising him of the location of additional
bus stops and requesting that additional benches be installed.

Commissioner Fountain moved City Manager Kennedy be authorized to
write such letter and that such letter contain a provision that
additional benches shall be of identical design to those presently
in use.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Department of Public Works be permitted
to go to bid for the Police Department Air Conditioning System on a
three year lease-purchase arrangement, as recommended by the City
Manager, and the City Attorney be instructed to approve the lease-
purchase agreement prior to its execution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy stated it was desired to hold the request of
Temple Beth Sholom to purchase Section M of Woodlawn Cemetery in
abeyance, pending a meeting between Administrative Assistant Robert
D. Heath and Mr. Jack Entratter.

Commissioner Fountain moved Bid #60.01 be awarded to J. A. Tiberti
Construction Co. in the amount of $86,965.00, as recommended by the
Engineering Department and the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the General Fund Balance as of February
15, 1960, was $1,009,309.73; Estimated Gross Payroll was $117,000.00;
Sewer Fund, $1,369.12; Working Capital (January), $1,285.66; Special
Assessment Fund, $4,771.80, making a total capital disbursement for
this period of $45,383.99, representing an actual outlay of $9,000.00,
the balance being transfers.

City Manager Kennedy presented a letter requesting that the Mayor and
the Commission delegate a representative to attend the 47th Annual
National Convention of the Rivers & Harbors Congress, to be held
May 24 to 27, 1960, at the Mayflower Hotel, Washington, D. C. Mr.
Kennedy pointed out the importance of someone attending this meeting,
in view of the fact that Las Vegas flood control would be discussed
and would be in the Omnibus Bill, if approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the naming of a delegate be held in
abeyance, but that authorization be given the City Manager to make the
necessary reservations for a delegate to attend the National Rivers &
Harbors Congress.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented a letter from Judge Zenoff, requesting
the City appropriate $15,000.00 for capital expenditures for the
Youth Forestry Camp, a similar sum being contributed by the County.

Commissioner Fountain moved City Manager Kennedy be authorized to
include the sum of $15,000.00 in next year's budget, to be contributed
to the Youth Forestry Camp.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager that
a Purchase Order be issued in the sum of $1,752.00, for parts and
equipment for the Shovel be approved, and the City Manager authorized
to issue the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Elwell moved the application of Forward Corp., for a
Special Events Liquor License, for February 17, 1960, at the Labor
Union Building, 212 W. Utah, be approved, and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

2-17-60
USE OF RIGHT-OF-WAY
Vern Willis
Approved

ADDRESSOGRAPH MACHINE

Sale to City of Laramie
Approved

SERVICE & MATERIAL WARRANTS
Approved

PAYROLL WARRANTS
Approved

REIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES
Approved

AMPUTEE & PARAPLEGIC ORDINANCE
Preparation requested

EFFLUENT WATER

Preparation of Agreement
Authorized

REQUEST TO OPEN MEN'S SHOP
Don Bacca
No Action

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Vern Willis to encroach
approximately 3' on the City's right-of-way at 3rd and Wollman, for
the purpose of building a fence around his swimming pool, such fence
to he removed on 30 days' notice at any time the City desired the
return of such right-of-way.

Deputy City Attorney Whitmore advised the Commission could grant this
request, stating an agreement should he entered into between the
City and Vern Willis, providing for retention of title to the right-
of-way in the City, and that such agreement should be recorded.

Commissioner Whipple moved authorization be given for the City to
enter into an agreement with Vern Willis, granting him the right to
encroach approximately 3' on the City's right-of-way at 3rd and
Wollman, as recommended by the Deputy City Attorney, and that such
agreement be recorded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy again brought up the matter of selling the
Addressograph Machine, which was no longer used by the City, to the
City of Laramie, for the sum of $2,400.00, plus 10% for installment
payments to be made over an 18 month period. Mr. Kennedy advised this
was a good price, as the same machine could be purchased for less at
Army surplus stores.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to sell the
Addressograph Machine to the City of Laramie for $2,400.00, plus 10%
for installment payments to be made over an 18 month period.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved Service & Material Warrants Nos. 4469 to
4655 in the amount of $$8,701.89 be approved, with the exception of
the payment to L. S. Whaley in the sum of $6,479.50.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved Regular Payroll Warrants Nos. 15870 to
46636 in the net amount of $83,285.64, and Overtime Payroll Warrants
Nos. 46637 to 46655 in the net amount of $155.04, for the pay period
February 1 - February 15, 196o, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of City Manager Kennedy that he
be reimbursed in the amount of $35.00 for expenses incurred on
behalf of the City during the past three months be approved, and the -
Director of Finance and City Treasurer authorized to issue the
warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Elwell and Fountain, Committee for Recommendation on a
proposed Amputee and Paraplegic Ordinance, reported favorably on this
matter and requested the City Attorney be instructed to prepare such
Ordinance for adoption at the next regular meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners.

Deputy City Attorney Whitmore informed the Commission a proposed
Ordinance had been drafted and read the same by title as follows:

AND ORDINANCE TO PERMIT CERTAIN DISABLED PERSONS TO PARK WITHIN THE
CITY IN RESTRICTED PARKING ZONES; PRESCRIBING REGULATION S THEREFOR;
PROVIDING FOR PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION THEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS THEREOF IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The next matter to come before the Commission was the sale of
effluent water by the City. A lengthy discussion followed between
the Board of City Commissioners, Consulting Engineer Carollo, Mr.

Lalif Wood, City Manager Kennedy, Deputy Director of Public Works
V. B. Uehling, Superintendent of Sanitation Lou Anton and Mr. Jack
Wallenzein, and it was decided that a meeting be held between the
proposed purchasers of the effluent water and the City Attorney for
the purpose of reaching an agreement as to the sale of the effluent
water and the erection of necessary installations.

Mr. Don Bacca stated he would like to open a Men's Shop at the
Showboat Hotel and, for this purpose, would like to convert two
bedrooms into a shop. It was brought out that this proposed conversion
would reduce the number of rooms to $8 and would disqualify the
Showboat Hotel to hold a Casino license.

2-17-60
ORDINANCE NO. 823
Civil Service
Adopted

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Annexation - Sebec Acres
Lots 5 and 6
Continued

ORDINANCE NO. 824

Rezoning Z-32, Z-38, Z-42

and Z-44-59

Adopted

PROPOSED LIQUOR ORDINANCE
Continued

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Plumbing Code
Continued
1960 - 61 BUDGET
Public Hearing Set

LIQUOR LICENSE
New

Robert Hirsh and James Arlin
Discussion

MODELING AGENCIES
Discussion

His Honor, Mayor Gragson, suggested Mr. Bacca telephone him the
following day with reference to this matter.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO.

468 ADOPTING THE CIVIL SERVICE RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, BY PERMITTING EMPLOYEES HOLDING CIVIL SERVICE
STATUS TO BE GRANTED LEAVE TO ACCEPT AN APPOINTIVE POSITION WITHIN
THE CITY AND TO RETAIN CIVIL SERVICE STATUS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH was read by title and reported on
favorably by His Honor, Mayor Gragson, and Commissioner Whipple,
Committee for Recommendation.

Commissioner Whipple moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 823 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Additional time was requested on the proposed Annexation Ordinance of
Sebec Acres, Lots 5 and 6, which was introduced and read by title
at the regular meeting of February 3, 1960, and referred to
Commissioners Whipple and Elwell, Committee for Recommendation.

An Ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE

NO. 378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA, 1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, AND CHANGING THE ZONING DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS OF
SAID MAP was read by title and reported on favorably by Commissioners
Fountain and Sharp, Committee for Recommendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above-entitled Ordinance No. 824 be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Additional time was requested for the proposed Liquor Ordinance, which
was introduced and read by title at the Regular Meeting of September
16, 1959, and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Whipple, Committee
for Recommendation.

Additional time was requested for the preposed Plumbing Code Ordinance,
which was introduced and read by title at the Regular Meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held November 18, 1959, and referred to
Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, Committee for Recommendation.

City Manager Kennedy requested that a public hearing on the 1960 -61
Budget be set, and suggested March 9, 1960, as a date.

Commissioner Whipple moved the public hearing on the 1960 - 61 Budget
be set for Wednesday, March 9, 1960, at 7:30 P.M., in the Council
Chambers of City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Robert Hirsh addressed the Commission, stating he and James Arlin
had submitted an application for a package liquor and beer license at
a location on West San Francisco and Tam Drive, where a proposed
shopping center, to be known as Minute Mart is to be erected. Because
their lease required them to submit plans for installations, Mr. Hirsh
and Mr. Arlin requested information as to whether the Board of City
Commissioners would approve their application for a liquor license,
based on a favorable police report.

Commissioner Sharp advised that two licenses would be available after
the taking of the census, as it was estimated this would show a
population of 60,000.

To Commissioner Fountain's question as to how far their establishment
would be located from that of Joe Julian, Mr. Hirsh replied it would be
in excess of 1,000 feet. Commissioner Fountain then stated he would
help Mr. Hirsh and Mr. Arlin in any way possible, but added this was
not to be construed as a commitment.

Commissioner Sharp advised he had received two or three calls from
Modeling Agencies, complaining about the Recreation Department
program on modeling, stating he did not believe the Recreation
Department should compete with Modeling Agencies and he was of the
opinion this matter should be investigated by the City Manager.

Superintendent of Recreation Bruce Trent stated their program was
known as the Charm Club and consisted of about 50 teen-agers.

-0O0-

2-17-60
There being no further business to come before the Board, at the
hour of 10:50 P.M. Commissioner Whipple moved this meeting be
adjourned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Elwell and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Elwell, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor,

Mayor Gragson, voting aye; noes, none.

-0O0-

APPROVED:

ATTEST:

EDWINA M. COLE, City Clerk

ORAN K. GRAGSON, Mayor

On this 23rd day of March, 1960, at the hour of 4:00 p.m.,
The City Manager of the City of Las Vegas made an adminis-
trative decision, approved by the City Attorney (by
memorandum dated March 22, 1960) which resulted in the
retention of the Minutes of the Board of City Commissioners
for the City of Las Vegas in a different form, i.e., a
duplicated copy to be signed by the Mayor and City Clerk,
whereupon said copy will become the Official File Copy.

These Official File Copies to be appropriately bound for
each calendar quarter and retained in the vault.

Edwina M. Cole, City Clerk



