







CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Commissioner’s room in the City Clerk’s Office on Tuesday, the 11th day
of August, 1942, at 3:30 P. M., to act upon and consider the following business:

1. The application for rental of land to Clark’s Greater Shows.

2. The matter of lease between the City of Las Vegas and the Western Air Express.

3. The matter of the purchase of Signal street lights.

4. The matter of the purchase of maps for the city planning board.

HOWELL C. GARRISON	_______

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

TO:	Howell C. Garrison, Mayor

Pat Clark, A. P. Rubidoux, A. F. Smith, Sr.,
and M. C. Tinch, Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

YOU AND EACH OF YOU TAKE NOTICE: that pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas is hereby called to be held in the Commissioner’s Room in the City Clerk’s office,
on Tuesday, August 11th, 1942 at 3:30 P.M., to consider and act upon the following:

1. The application for rental of land to Clark’s Greater Shows.

2. The matter of lease between the City of Las Vegas and the Western Air Express.

3. The matter of the purchase of Signal street lights.

4. The matter of the purchase of maps for the city planning board.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

_____Grace R. Bowman. Deputy City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissiohers of the City of Las Vegas hereby admit due
notice of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

M. C Tinch_________________________ A. F. Smith, Sr.____________________________________

Commissioner	Commissioner

Pat Clark__________________________ A. P. Rubidoux___________________________________

Commissioner	Commissioner

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, held at 4:15 P.M., on Wednesday, August 11, 1942 with the following
members present:

Mayor Garrison, Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. Deputy City Clerk, Grace

R.	Bowman, and acting city attorney, Marion B. Earl.

Absent: none.

Motion by Commissioner Clark to purchase three additional signal lights to be installed at
the following locations:	6th & Fremont, 8th & Fremont and 11th & Fremont. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the lease between the city of Las Vegas and the Western Air 

Express be dated as of August 1, 1942 and that said lease be released from escrow.

Motion seconded by Comm. Clark. Voting
Aye:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch and His Honor Mayor Howell C. Garrison.

Voting no, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the signal lights to be installed on Fremont be purchased from
the Econolite Corporation, 3517 W Washington Blvd., Los Angeles, California at an approximate
cost of $311.95. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Motion made by Commissioner Tinch that the Clark’s Greater Shows be allowed to rent the ground
adjoining the City Park for the sum of $100 per month, and a further charge of $5.00 per day
for each ride in operation by said show, also a mercantile license for operating a lunch and
candy booth. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. C. G. Petrie, Planning Engineer brought up the matter of the purchase of a new city
map. After discussing the matter Commissioner Clark moved that Mr. Petrie be allowed the sum
of $75 for the purchase of materials for maps, negatives, prints, reductions and other matter
necessary for base maps for the Planning Commission. Motion Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 17, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 17th day of August,

1942. Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., by His Honor, Mayor Howell

C. Garrison with the following members present: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch,

City Clerk, HelenScott Reed, Purchasing Agent, LeRoy Whipple, Auditor, A. W. Blackman
and Acting City Attorney, Marion B. Earl. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Minutes of the previous meetings of August 4th and 11th were read and approved as read.

A report submitted by Commissioner Smith covering certain claims which were in controversy
was read and ordered filed.

The report of the Street Department for the month of July was read and ordered filed.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 718 to 721 inclusive be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that he be given authority to remodel the city shops
to accommodate two cars at an approximate cost of $1500; and to purchase tools and equipment
at approximately $1000; and 1 gas pump for $257.00; and to hire one mechanic at $180 per
month and to purchase two 700 x 20 tires and tubes, 10 ply for the Street Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux requested permission to hire a man and team for four days work
at the golf course at $1.75 per hour, 8 hours a day, and so moved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch.

At this time Mayor Garrison made a report on the golf course. Thereafter, Commissioner
Rubidoux withdrew his motion with the consent of his second.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the clerk write to the Chairman of the Golf Board advising
him that at the next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners action will be
taken to close the course for the duration. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye.

Commissioner Smith moved bids be let for a 1941 1 1/2 ton dump truck (second hand). Said
bids to be advertised in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal for a period of ten days

 and to be returned at the meeting September 4th. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. H. H. Nichol, a representative of Labor, appeared before the Board at this time
requesting their cooperation in obtaining bus service between here and Boulder City.

Mr. Wallengren, of the Pony Express, appeared at this time and stated that he had

twenty two buses which he hoped to put into service between Las Vegas and Boulder City
and requested the cooperation of the city. One of the buses being parked outside the
city Hall a five minute recess was declared to enable the commission to inspect said
buses.

Thereafter, the Mayor appointed Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch and the city attorney
to meet with Pony Express and work out suitable terminals.

Commissioner Tinch Made a motion that the fire chief be furnished with transportation and
that bids be let for a second hand car for his use. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
his Honor voting aye. Noes,none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a certain Model T Ford formerly used by the fire department
and now out of use be advertised for sale. That the best bid be accepted at the next
regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Insurance Company carrying insurance on the War Memorial
Building be contacted relative to fencing a portion of the roof on the West Wing of said
building, with the point in view as to what effect it will have on our insurance rate.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the matter of arrangements and rentals of any available space
in the West Wing of the War Memorial Building be left to Mr. Brown’s judgment. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch.

Mr. Brown was directed to ask the army to furnish culverts in the new access road at the
Airport.	

Mr. Tinch submitted the name of W. Cole instead of Chas. Morrison on the police payroll.

The city attorney was instructed to submit an opinion on the closing of 3rd Street on
West Side on Bonanza Road at the next regular meeting.

A letter from the Las Vegas City Planning Commission recommending the resubdivision of
Blocks 16, 17 and 18 of Ladd Addition was read.

Letters of protest against said resubdividing of Ladd Addition were read from Las Vegas
Taxpayers Association and Wm. Clark.

Mr. Clark and Pipkin made oral protests, and Mr. Clark requested that his name be withdrawn

 from the original petition.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the matter be resubmitted to the City Planning Board along
with the protests for further recommendation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that Mr. Brown be given a fair and impartial hearing
to defend himself against certain accusations made by Mr. Pipkin. Said date of hearing to be
set on adjournment of this meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that said meeting be set for Monday, August 24th, at 7:30 P.M., and that
the city clerk notify Mr. Brown and Mr. Pipkin of said setting. Motion seconded by Commissioner 

Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that we comply with the request of the FBI in having new applicants
fill out an application blank as per the form submitted. Said forms to be made in the office

of the city clerk on duplicator machine. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city of Las Vegas adopt a time slip similar to those used by
the State. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch.



Commissioner Smith submitted a certain form for the reporting of long distance telephone 

calls made by city employees. Commissioner Smith moved that said forms be adopted and approved. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners 

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

S.	L. Christensen, Western States representative for Duncan Meter Corporation, manufacturers
of Miller Parking meters, appeared before the Board regarding the installation of parking
meters in the city of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Smith moved that a Resolution be prepared and that the city auditor be authorized
to take the necessary steps to making an emergency loan. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux 

and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Acting City Attorney on Ordinance 210 and 260
and the proposed emergency loan be accepted. Further that the city clerk furnish the County
Health Department with a copy of that portion pretaining to their department with a request
that they govern themselves accordingly. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Mayor Garrison commended Mr. Earl for the concise and clear manner in which he submitted his
report.



Mr. Earl stated that it was the duty of the City Attorney and the Police Department to enforce
the trailer ordinance.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city commissioners cooperate with the county commissioners 

to the extent of their proposal of furnishing $2000 against the city’s furnishing $1000 for
an addition to the old city hall. The motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city commissioners approve the plat of the El Rancho Village
subject to the approval of the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried 

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until August 24th, 1942 at the hour of 7:30
P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:

CITY CLERK

APPROVED:

MAYOR.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 24, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 24th day of August,

1942. Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison
with the following members present:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. City Attorney,

Paul Ralli. City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.	Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Reading of the Minutes of August 17th were waived until the meeting of the 4th of September, 1942.

Minutes of the City Planning Commission of their Special Meeting held August 18th were read.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendation of the Planning Board relative to re-subdividing
Blocks 16, 17 and 18 of Ladd’s Addition be approved and adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner 

Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch.

The city attorney was instructed to prepare a proposed ordinance to zone Stewart Addition as 

requested and recommended by the Planning Board for presentation at the next regular meeting.

The application of the El Patio and McDonald Hotel for slot machines for the 2nd and 3rd 

quarters were presented.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said applications be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch.

Commissioner Smith stated that he protested voting on this application for the reason that these
people knowingly and willingly operated slot machines without a license and that the applications 

should not be allowed and the city attorney should be directed to prosecute them.
Thereafter Commissioner Rubidoux withdrew his motion with the consent of his second.

The following applications for gaming licenses were presented: Oppedyke Dairy for the second
and third quarters, Jimmie Fulcher for slot machine licenses at 314 Clark Avenue. Mayor
Garrison ruled that the same ruling applied to these applications as to the El Patio
and McDonald Hotels.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of the Frontier Club at 117 Fremont Avenue
for two one cent slot machines be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner By Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Al’s Bar for a one cent slot machine be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The following action was taken regarding the re-subdivision of Blocks 16, 17 and 18, Ladd’s
Addition.

WHEREAS, on the l6th day of July, 1942 the following application was filed with the
Clerk of this Board:

Las Vegas, Nevada

	July 10, 1942.

TO THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

We, the undersigned, the owners of more than seventy-five (75%) per cent of the land
hereinafter described, situated contiguous or adjacent to the portion of the plat and streets
and alleys therein, hereby petitioned to be vacated, do hereby petition your Honorable Body
to vacate the following described portion of the plat of Ladd’s Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, as shown by map thereof on file in Book 1 of Plats, page 2, in the office of the County
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, together with the following described portion of the Streets
and alleys in said plat, to-wit:

All of Blocks 16, 17 and 18;

All of the northerly and southerly alleys running through said Blocks 16, 17 and 18;

All that portion of Fourteenth Street extending from Carson Street to Clark Street,
to-wit:	the westerly fifteen feet of Fourteenth Street, and the easterly fifteen

feet of said Fourteenth Street;

All that portion of Fifteenth Street extending from
Fremont Street to the south end of said Fifteenth
Street, to-wit:	the west twenty feet of said Fifteenth

Street;

All that portion of Carson Street, between Fourteenth
Street and Fifteenth Street, described as follows
the southerly ten feet of said Carson Street and the
northerly ten feet of said Carson Street;

All that portion of Bridger Street, extending between
Fourteenth Street and Fifteenth Street, to-wit; the
south fifteen feet of said Bridger Street and the
North fifteen feet of said Bridger Street;

All that portion of Lewis Street, extending between
Fifteenth Street and Fourteenth Street, to-wit; the
north fifteen feet of said Lewis Street and the South
fifteen feet of said Lewis Street;

All that portion of Clark Street, extending between
Fourteenth Street and the east end of said Clark Street
to-wit: the north fifteen feet of said Clark Street.

In this connection, the owners of said Blocks 16, 17 and 18, propose to re-subdivide
the portion of the plat hereby petitioned to be vacated, in accordance with the plat marked
"Proposed Re-subdivision of Blocks 16, 17 and 18 of Ladd’s Addition’ presented to you
herewith.

Respectfully yours,

A.	C. DELKIN
EUGENIA DELKIN
Owners of Blocks 14, 15
Lots 9 to 16, inclusive
In Block 13, Lots 9 to 16,
inclusive, in Block 12,

Lots 10 to 16, inclusive,
in Block 11, all of Blocks
1 to 16, inclusive in
Block 16.

LAS VEGAS DEVELOPMENT CO.

ATTEST:	By B. B. Margolis,

C.	H. MARTIN, JR.	Its Vice President.

Secretary	Owner of Block 17, and allof Lots

(Seal)	1 to 8, inclusive, and

Lots 13 to 16, inclusive,
in Block 18.

M. M. SWEENEY,

Owner of Lots 9 to 12,
inclusive, in Block 18.
MURRY WOLLMAN

AGNES D. WOLLMAN,

Owners of Lots 11 and 16, in Block 19.

RALPH FRANCIS FARLEY

LILLIAN MAE FARLEY,

Owners of Lot 9, in Block 11.

HOME BUILDERS CORPORATION

ATTEST:	By E. A. CLARK

E.	A. HONRATH,	Its President,

Secretary.	Owner of Lots 19 and 20, in Block

(SEAL)	1, Lots 1 to 9, inclusive, in Block

2,	and Lots 1 and 2, in Block 3, of

Mayfair Tract No. 1.

E. A. CLARK,

Owner of Lots 1, 2 and 3 in Block

1,	Mayfair.

E. H. WALLACE,

Owner of Lot 21, in Block 1, Mayfair.

E. A. HONRATH."

and

WHEREAS, ON said date the Board made an order setting the time of the hearing on said
application for Monday, the 17th day of August, 1942, at 7:30 o’clock P.M., that being the next
regular meeting of the Board; and

WHEREAS, notice of the time and pace was duly given in the Las Vegas Evening Review-
Journal, a newspaper of general airculation published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, which notice was published on the 18th day of July, the 25th day of July,
and the first day of August, 1942, as appears from the affidavit of publication on file
herein; and

WHEREAS, at the regular meeting of said Board, held on the 17th day of August, 1942,
at 7:30 o’clock P.M., said application was duly considered by the Board, and there having
been filed with the Clerk of the Board, protests to the granting of said application,
the Board, upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, referred said application to the
Planning Board for its reconsideration, in view of the protests so filed, and continued the
hearing and consideration of said application until Monday, the 24th day of August, 1942, at 7:30
o'clock P.M., at the same place; and

WHEREAS, on this 24th day of August, 1942, at 7:30 o’clock P.M., the report of said
Planning Board on said application was duly considered by the Board, and said report having
recommended that said application be granted, and this Board, after hearing the arguments for
and against the granting of said application and after duly considering the same and being
satisfied that neither the public nor any person would be materially injured by the granting
of said application, acted upon the following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED: That the application made by A. C. Delkin and Eugenia Delkin, Las
Vegas Development Co., a corporation, M. M. Sweeney, Murry Wollman and Agnes D. Wollman, Ralph
Francis Farley and Lilliam Mae Farley, Home Builders’ Corporation, a corporation, E. A. Clark,

E. H. Wallace and E. A. Honrath, be granted, and that the following described portions of the plat
of Ladd's Addition to the City of Las Vegas, as shown by map thereof on file in Book 1 of Plats,
page 2, in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, together with the following
described portion of the streets and alleys in said plat, to-wit:

All of Blocks 16, 17 and 18;

All of the northerly and southerly alleys running
through said Blocks 16, 17 and 18;

All that portion of Fourteenth Street extending from
Carson Street to Clark Street, to-wit: the westerly
fifteen feet of Fourteenth Street, and the easterly
fifteen feet of said Fourteenth Street;

All that portion of Fifteenth Street, extending from
Fremont Street to the south end of said Fifteenth
Street, to-wit:	the west twenty feet of said Fifteenth

Street;

All that portion of Carson Street, between Fourteenth
Street and Fifteenth Street, described as follows:
the southerly ten feet of said Carson Street and the
northerly ten feet of said Carson Street;

All that portion of Bridger Street, extending between
Fourteenth Street and Fifteenth Street, to-wit: the
south fifteen feet of said Bridger Street and the
North fifteen feet of said Bridger Street;

All that portion of Lewis Street, extending between
Fifteenth Street and Fourteenth Street, to-wit: the
north fifteen feet of said Lewis Street and the south
fifteen feet of said Lewis Street;

All that portion of Clark Street, extending between
Fourteenth Street and the east end of said Clark Street,
to-wit:	the north fifteen feet of said Clark Street.

be and the same is hereby vacated, upon the condition, however, that the owners of said Blocks
16, 17 and 18, of Ladd's Addition so vacated, in accordance with the plat presented to the Board.

A vote was then taken on said Resolution with the following results:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch, and His Honor, the Mayor, voting "AYe". "Noes," none. Said
Resoltuion was thereupon declared unanimously adopted.
There was then considered by the Board the plat heretofore presented and referred to in
the foregoing resolution, the same being entitled: "Las Vegas Development Co. Addition" (a resub-
division of Blocks 16, 17 and 18, of Ladd’s Addition), and after due consideration the following
resolution was adopted:

RESOLVED: That the map of Las Vegas Development Co., Addition, which has been presented
to the Board, be and the same is hereby approved, and the Mayor is hereby authorized and directed
to execute the said approval, the same to be attested by the Clerk of this Board, under the seal
of the City.



A vote was then taken upon the foregoing resolution, with the following results:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch, and his Honor, the Mayor, voting "Aye". "Noes", none. Said resolution
was thereupon declared unanimously adopted:

The following applications for slot machines and liquor were referred to the police

commissioner:



M. H. Burke	Texaco Station, 5th	& 	Fremont	1 slot	machine

M. H. Burke	Richfield Station,	5th	&	Fremont	1 slot	machine.

Evelyn Beatty	Associated Station	"	Carson	1 slot	machine

George Miller	Main & Charleston	beer license

Mark S. Schulman 1500 Fremont	Retail	beverage and sealed

package liquor license

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Harold Case in the sum of $19.31 for expenses
incurred while bringing fire truck from Los Angeles be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of J. M. Ritter for return of $100 cash bond
deposited with the city as a plumbing contractor be refunded as Mr. Ritter is no longer in business
in the city. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Don Orionehl for $10 for a used drafting table be
allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried and
so ordered.

Commissioner Smith moved the claim of $5 covering ambulance fee taking Mr. DeWald, a city employee
to the hospital after an accident be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. Mayor Garrison passed his vote.
Motion carried and so ordered.

A claim for plumbing installation and repair to the sewer at the police station amounting to
$323.78 was referred to the city auditor.

A claim from McDaniel and Goodwin covering repairs to a certain Chrysler car used by the police
department in the sum of $48.45 was referred to the auditor.

A.	C. Grant presented A claim for $17.78 for additional work on a Ford Sedan done in September,

1941	which was referred to the auditor.

A claim from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company for $188.80 covering installation of fire
hydrants in Mayfair Tract #1 was referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Smith moved that 5000 forms for reporting Nevada Industrial Insurance be purchased.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that 1-15 gallon drum of pine Germ oil be purchased for $30 and that
the purchasing agent to ascertain what savings would be had if purchased in larger quantities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tincha and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux.
Smith, Tinch and his Honor Mayor Garrison voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on a used coupe automobile from the following firms were opened at this time:

McDaniel Goodwin Company	1 1940 Chrysler	$1000

"	”	"	1 1939	"	700.00

Mr. Bird	1939 Ford DeLuxe	600.00

Porter & Baskin	1940 Studebaker	795.00

”	”	Mercury	1095.00

”	”	Studebaker	695.00

”	”	1941	Zepher	1495.00

”	”	1940	St. Business	Coupe	695.00

"	"	1938	Plymouth	395.00

Bids on an old model T Ford owned by the city were opened from the following people:



Bill Lawrence $20.	40 & 8 - $25.00.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the highest bid be accepted and the city retain the pump on said
car. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter signed by Mrs A. J. Feetham citing certain violations of Ordinance 260, was read
and referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Cragin & Pike for $184.89 and of 01 A. Kimball
for $603.44 covering additional insurance on city property be allowed. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the police department be authorized to repair two motorcycles
which were damaged as a result of a collision caused by an army truck hitting them while
parked making an investigation. Further, that if the soldiers driving said car are held
 personally liable for the damage that the city stand said damage. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch voting aye.



Mayor Garrison passed his vote.
Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Wesley Sinclair to operate a taxi
be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Paul Greve be granted five additional taxi cabs as per his 
application. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Tanner Motor Co., be granted four new taxi licenses. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Vegas Transit be granted five additional taxi licenses. 
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that A. L. Riddle be granted six additional taxi licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.	



The Mayor stated that the following applications for gaming & liquor could not be considered because 

they were out of the business zone:	Belvedere Garden, H & Harrison, W.S.; Willie Harris at 4th &

Harris; P. L. Jefferson at 320 Jefferson.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration.

RESOLUTION



WHEREAS the United States of America, requires certain easements to construct,
maintain and repair pipes, pipelines, etc, in connection with the disposal of sewage
now under construction in the city of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, such easements concern properties belonging to the city of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, that such easements be granted to the United States
Government, and that the Mayor be authorized to sign said deeds of right of way.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the foregoing Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration.

RESOLUTION



WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing of cash to meet
the payroll of the City Employees and other current expenses of operating the City Government
under the 1942 budget, pending the collection of the tax levy, 1942, the quarterly installment 

of which will begin December, 1942, and

WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an emergency loan:

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners that said city do borrow
the sum of Seventy-five Thousand ($75,000.00) Dollars, (or whatever part thereof the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow) at
an interest rate of not to exceed eight per cent (8%) per annum; and do provide in the
subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof both principal and interest within the
period of two and one-half years from the date of borrowing said sum; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized
and empowered to make, execute and deliver such promissory note or notes as may be necessary
from time to time to carry into effect this Resolution; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk execute and deliver the necessary certified
copy of this Resolution to be sent to the State Board of Finance

The foregoing Resolution was read aloud and voted on at the recessed regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners on the 24th day of August, 1942.

Commissioner Smith moved that said Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.



A letter was read from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company regarding additional land

for the cemetery.



Commissioner Smith made a report regarding the moving of the city barns.



Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that construction of the barns on West Side be
commenced. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.



A communication signed by Louis Cohen was read calling attention to violation of city ordinance

264. Said letter was referred to the city attorney.

A letter addressed to Mr. C. W. Pipkin, signed by the city clerk, was read and ordered
filed.

Two letters were read regarding the responsibility of lighting at the Airport Administration 
Building.	



A letter signed by H. A. Forgeron, Business Representative Local Union #525, was read 

calling attention to violations of plumbing ordinance on a job being installed north of the
Helldorado grounds.
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 25, 1942

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 25th day of
August, 1942. Meeting called to order by Commissioner Smith. Present:	Commissioners

Tinch and Rubidoux, Absent:	Mayor Garrison and Commissioner Clark.

It being impossible for either the Mayor or Mayor pro tem to be present at this meeting,
his Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, appointed Commissioner Smith to act as Mayor.

Commissioner Smith stated that at the meeting of the 17th of August, he made a partial report
on meters but was not ready to make a final report and that he was not ready to do so at this
time. He stated further that regardless of the outcome of this meeting, he proposed to carry
this question to the people for the simple reason that the people pay the freight in the end.
Thereafter, Mr. Smith presented a brief transcript of interviews had with various city officials
relative to parking meters.

The following transcript was read regarding meters at Long Beach, California. First group
installed during November, 1936 - 400 @ $58.00 each, $23,200.00. Second group installed
during November, 1937 - 500 at $53.50 each - $26,750.00 and were purchased from the Dual
Parking Co., of Oklahoma City, Ojla., and paid for as follows:	75% of gross receipts to

vendor, the city keeping 25%. The first group was paid in full in ten months. The second
group was paid in full in twelve months.

Mayor Jenkins of Salt Lake City, Utah, on June 11, 1942 advised me in his office that the

	A letter of thanks from the USO for $15 donated for scrap rubber was read

A letter was read from A. P. Neal regarding a golf driving range and same was ordered filed
for future reference.

A letter was read from Mr. Sigurdsen regarding a certain driveway which was referred to the
City attorney.

Commissioner Tinch moved that two tires and tubes be purchased for the street department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission regarding bus stops was referred to Commissioner
Tinch.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Government acquire the one acre of land owned by Bud S. Barrett
at the airport. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Mrs. Harry J. Sweany which was referred to Mr. Elser, to be acted upon
at the next regular meeting.

A letter was read from George Callas requesting permission to operate a shoe shine stand on S.
First Street. The city attorney ruled that it was illegal to operate a stand on the Street.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance Regulating the Parking of Vehicles on Private Premises"
was read to the Board for the second time. Commissioner Tinch moved the adoption of said
Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Clark.

The clerk was directed to write to Mr. A. H. Harrington that the city is not responsible for
one half of the insurance on the Boy Scout bus.

Commissioner Smith moved that Dorothy Lang be hired in the clerk’s office at a salary of $140
per month to begin as of August 25th,	1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Reno Hill be hired on the police force to replace Mr. LaFavre.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city attorney be instructed to draw up a taxi ordinance
for consideration at the next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor,
voting aye. Noes, none.

The city engineer was instructed to make a check on the location of the Kreiger Oil Station
and the clerk was instructed to write to the State Highway regarding this nuisance.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the use of the city park for Labor Day be turned over to the
use of the Labor Committee, at the request of Mr. Culley. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor,
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Dr. Morgan appeared before the Board at this time regarding the site of the proposed Health
Center. The matter was referred to the city attorney to be reported on at the meeting August
25, 1942.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until August 25, 1942 at the hour of 10:00
A. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor,the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.
Miller Company, which has their salesman before us at this time for the same type of meter,
installed them in Salt Lake and received payment thereafter on a 50 - 50 basis which paid themselves
out in one and one-half years. They are asking us here to purchase them on a 75 - 25 basis in
favor of the company.

The Mi-Co parking meter sells for $45. I have not received the necessary information to furnish
a report on this meter and three or four other types of meters which should be before this Board
for consideration before definite action is taken.

Commissioner Rubidoux stated that he was in favor of getting these meters from the Duncan Meter
Company at this time so as not to hold the purchase up until too late - as there were only a 

limited number available - and they would be paid for out of the revenue collected.

Following are excerpts from a letter addressed to the American Magazine, New York City, written
by Commissioner Smith, asking for certain information:	1. Is it possible to have meters installed

on time payments? 2. What do you consider to be the most practical meter? 3. What equipment is
necessary for operation and maintenance? 4. What number of employees are required per 100 meters?

5.	Is it possible to obtain meters at this time? This letter was written on August 5th, 1942 but
to date have received no reply.

City Attorney Paul Ralli appeared at this time.

Commissioner Smith stated that he was not trying to retard progress but that he wanted to comply
with the purchasing regulations and to send bids out.

Commissioner Tinch moved that we enter into a contract with the Duncan Meter Corporation to install
four hundred meters on the streets of Las Vegas as per lease agreement submitted and checked by the 
city attorney. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux.

Commissioner Smith stated, ”I am opposed to signing the proposed contract or authorizing said 
signature on the following grounds:

1. I question the legality of the action to this as only three members are present at this meeting.

2. To enter into such a contract without being governed by our Charter and Ordinance provisions
requiring competitive bidding on such sums either for meters which presumably on the idea advanced
they will pay for themselves without any cost to the city and I therefore shall vote no on this
question.

Commissioner Smith stated that it is an acknowledged fact that the 

Mayor is in the city and the records on our Minutes of August 24th, indicate that this meeting was a 

recessed meeting for the primary purpose of considering the question before us.



Mayor Garrison appeared at this time and was seated in the Chair.

Commissioner Smith stated that upon the Mayors arrival, without review of what has formerly transpired, 

that the vote is to be taken.



Mayor Garrison stated that this was rather sudden that he would like to have had some more bids
on the meters. And had anything been done or were they taking this man’s (Mr. Christensen)
word that getting bids couldn’t be done.

Commissioner Smith stated that any action taken would be illegal.

The city attorney stated that the meeting is legal and that no bids were required to enter into
a lease contract.

Commissioner Tinch stated that he considered it an emergency and that if the city contemplated
getting meters that they should do it now.

Mayor Garrison stated that it was his opinion that if the city wanted meters, due to priorities
and war conditions, that they should accept this man’s (Mr. Christensen) proposition.

Thereafter, the vote was taken on the former motion to execute lease agreement with Duncan Meter
Corporation with the following result. Voting aye: Commissioners Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor,



the Mayor. Voting no. Commissioner Smith. Motion carried.



Commissioner Tinch moved that the city attorney be instructed to draw an ordinance as outlined

by Commissioner Smith to handle this meter situation. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, 

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
Commissioner Smith. Motion carried.



Commissioner Rubidous moved that the matter of condemning that certain site to be occupied
by the Health Center be referred to the Government. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
voted on as follows:	Voting aye:	Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch. Voting no, none.

Passed:	Commissioner Smith and Mayor Garrison.

Dr. Morgan appeared at this time and stated that since the district attorney has been handling 
correspondence on the matter that it might be cleared through that office.

At the hour of 11:20 A. M., Mayor Garrison excused himself and Commissioner Smith resumed the chair.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Board, under the present conditions, be willing to waive the 
requirements of the specifications as to floor covering in the lavatories in the West Wing of the
War Memorial Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city engineer take up the matter of the location of the Kreiger 

Oil Station with the state highway department, informing them that it is the desire of the city
that steps be taken to remove this building out of the street. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and the Mayor Pro Tem 

voting aye. Noes, none.



Mr. Brown made a report regarding a fence around the paraphet on the roof of the West Wing of the
War Memorial Building.
Commissioner Tinch moved that a fence,as recommended by Mr. Brown, be constructed around said roof at
the lowest possible cost under the supervision of the city engineer. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and the
Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor pro tem Smith stated that due to the necessity of the committee being held in active
service on the parking meters that he was resigning and as a result of such resignation, and
it being agreeable to the parties concerned that he is appointing Commissioner Rubidoux to serve
on said committee with Commissioner Tinch to the conclusion of the meter problem.

Commissioner Tinch moved that while drawing a new parking ordinance that resolutions or
ordinances covering 3:30 to 5:00 A.M. parking be rescinded and the signs taken down. Motion	

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.	

Upon recommendation of the city mechanic, Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of R. O.

Bird on a second hand 1939 Ford DeLuxe Coupe for $600 be accepted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Ira Earl, County Commissioner, appeared before the Board and requested them to prepare a	

petition to present to the voters at the Tuesday election allowing the city of Las Vegas to	

deed back a certain site to the Las Vegas Land & Water Co., so that they in turn can deed
said site to the U. S. Government to use for the Health Center.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Ira Earl, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners, be
instructed to proceed with the preparation of petitions to present to the voters at the Tuesday
election September 1st. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

On behalf of the city of Las Vwgas, Commissioner Smith thanked Mr. Earl for his cooperation
and help on the foregoing matter.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until September 4th, 1942, at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by unanimous vote.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 4, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of September,

1942. Meeting called to order by the city clerk at the hour of 7:30pm, with the following
members present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux. City Attorney, Paul Ralli

Purchasing Agent, Roy Whipple. Absent:	Mayor Garrison and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Commissioner Smith act as Mayor pro tem due to the absence
of Mayor Garrison. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, the meeting was called to order by Commissioner Smith.

At this time Mayor Garrison arrived.

Minutes of the previous meetings of August 17th, 24th and 25th were read and approved as
read.

Letters from the Lions Club, Junior Chamber of Commerce and Chamber of Commerce, protesting
the closing of the Golf Course were read.

Judge Marshall, chairman of the Golf Club, appeared before the Commission and requested
permission for the Golf Board to submit a program to the Commissioners with the thought
in mind of making said Course a paying proposition.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the matter be held in abeyance pending report of Golf Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for a Barton Pump were opened at this time from the following firms:	All require

A1J priority rating.

Roy G. Davis	$600

W. A. Hurst	600

Simons Machinery	Company	600

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that we furnish priority rating and instruct the purchasing agent
to obtain said pump from the firm giving the quickest delivery. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on a l 1/2 ton truck were opened at this time.

Arthur	Walgren	1941 Ford - fob.	San Francisco	$1,850.00

1	International 2 yd.	1,600.00

Hogan & Westlake	new 1942 Dodge	1,990.00

Wally Rhoads	Dodge l 1/2 yds.	850.00

Mayor Garrison referred the bids to the machanic to make a report on the 8th.

Three bids having been sent out for printing only one returned, which was from the Service
printers, as follows: work charts - 24 books each set at $18.75 ea. set. Applications for

the Street Department - 500 sets - $27.50. Commissioner Smith moved that said bid be

accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An alternate bid from the Western Air Express on the space available in the Airport Administration
Building was opened.

A letter addressed to A. L. Drew calling attention to a proposed agreement to furnish electricity
to the Police Department in the event of a blackout or power failure was referred to the city	

attorney to check before the 8th.

Motion by Commissioner Tinch seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux that alternate bid of the WAE 
be referred to city attorney for report on the 8th. Motion carried by the following vote. 

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for two 10 ply 700 X 20 tires and tubes to be returned
September 8th. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for two transformers to be used at the new location
of the city barns. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Chas. Guy replace James Kelly in the engineering department,
as of August 16th, at a salary of $160 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.	



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Harlan T. Brown be granted a vacation starting September 7th 
for two weeks. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and following vote was taken.
Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Smith. Mayor Garrison passed
his vote.

A letter signed by Mayor Garrison relative to supervision of Inspectors was read. Commissioner
Smith moved that the recommendation of Mayor Garrison that the plumbing, electrical and building
inspectors be placed under the supervision of the city engineer be approved and adopted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that warrants 722 to 729 inclusive be approved. Commissioner Smith 
seconded said motion with objections to warrants 726-9 and 726-11. Motion carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the check of the Municipal Judge in the amount of $3,419.00 be
accepted. Further, that the city clerk notify said Judge that he must submit his report with
the check henceforth. Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of J. W. Cahlan for $16.65 be approved for services
rendered as municipal judge during the absence of Judge Blad. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the county be billed for city maps - $1.50 for large ones and

.20 cents for small ones. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation	of the city 	engineer that fees to the general	

public for maps be as follows:	Large ones $4.00	small ones 	$0.50.

The matter of driveway width as presented by Mr. Siguardsen was referred to the	city attorney.

The report of the city attorney was presented at this time. Commissioner Smith moved that said

report be accepted and adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The city clerk was instructed to write a letter to the Las Vegas Land & Water Company regarding
responsibility for installing certain fire hydrants, as per ruling of city attorney.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

Resolution

WHEREAS, the United States Government finds it necessary to lease additional land at
the Las Vegas Flexible Gunnery School, and

WHEREAS, the additional land required belongs to the City of Las Vegas, and the said
city of Las Vegas is willing to lease said additional land, to the United States Government whenever
the proper leases are drawn by the said government of the United States and presented to it.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby resolved that the following described parcel of land

The South one half (S 1/2) of the Southwest one quarter (SW 1/4) of
the Northwest one quarter (NW 1/4) add the Northwest one quarter
(NW 1/4) of the Southwest one quarter (SW 1/4) and North one half
(N 1/2) of the Southwest one quarter (SW 1/4) of the Southwest one
quarter (SW 1/4) and the West one half (w 1/2) of the West one half
(W 1/2) of the Northeast one quarter (NE 1/4)
Township 19 South, Range 62 East, Mount Diablo Base and
Meridian. Containing 90 acres, more or less.

be leased over to the United States Government and the Mayor is hereby authorized to sign said
leases when same are presented under the same terms and conditions as the former leases have been
signed with the United States Government.

Commissioner Smith moved that said Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commission rs Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Smith moved that in compliance with the opinion of the city attorney that he
file suit in the District Court against the Anderson Dairy for violation of Ordinance 264.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Reports of the electrical, plumbing, building inspectors and of M. E. Leavitt, street
superintendent were ordered filed.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city attorney be authorized to demolish the Gartside
building at a cost not to exceed $300. Motion died for want of a second and the matter was
 referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the following gaming applications be granted:

Jimmie Fulcher	314	Clark Street	2	slot	machines

El Patio Hotel	115	N. 2nd	2	"	"	2nd	& 3rd

quarters

McDonald Hotel	211	N. 5th	2	"	"	"	"

Oppedyke Dairy	600 N. Main	1	"	" 2nd & 3rd quarter

Trail Cafe	13 Fremont	1 slot machine 3rd quarter

M. H.	Burke	5th	& Fremont	Texaco Station	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Richfield "	"	"

Associated Station	"	"	1	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The applications of Geo. Miller and Mark S. Schulman for liquor licenses were ordered held
over until the meeting of the 8th for further investigation.

A letter from the Federal Works Agency requesting approval of water coolers as now installed
in the government houses was read. Commissioner Smith moved that the city approve said

project as now installed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The claim of McQuay Supply for the return of $100 cash bond deposited with the city of Las
Vegas as and for a plumber contractor was presented again and the city clerk was instructed
to write to them stating that said claim should be referred to the administrator of Mr. Brock-
miller’s estate.

Letters from the Huntridge Development Company and Pioneer Title Insurance Company requesting
the city engineer to establish certain section lines were read and referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for ten fire extinguishers for the fire and police
departments. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that those fire extinguisher needing reparing be repaired. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of O. J. Scherer for $50 be allowed. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A petition signed by certain property owners requesting permission for Gertrude Garrison to
open a child’s shop in the residential district was presented. Commissioner Rubidoux moved
that said petition be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch.

At this time his Honor ruled the motion out of order and referred the petition to the city
attorney to check.

An Ordinance entitled ”An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 266 of the City of Las
Vegas, amending Section 7 of Ordinance 210 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: ”An Ordinance
to fix, impose, and provide for the collection of a license tax on motor propelled vehicles
operated for hire, and to regulate the operation and running of the same, within the city of Las 

Vegas; Fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance: and Repealing
ordinance No. 100 and all the ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith." was
read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Tinch moved that said Ordinance be adopted. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter signed by Commissioner Tinch stating that he had terminated the services of Dave
Mackey as Chief of Police, was read.

A letter signed by Sgt. Bob Owens was read.

Mayor Garrison, at this time declared all Commissioners unseated, and made the following	

appointments to be in effect until terminated. Commissioner Smith as Police Commissioner.
Commissioner Rubidoux as Finance Commissioner and Commissioner Tinch as Street Commissioner.	

Said appointments to take effect as of 11:00 P.M., September 4th, 1942.

The Clerk to so notify said Commissioners in writing.



Thereafter, upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and unanimously carried 

the meeting adjourned until 7:30 P.M., September, 8, 1942.
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 8th, 1942
7:30 P.M.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 8th day of
September, 1942. Meeting called to order by his Honor Howell C. Garrison with the
following members present:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. City Attorney,

Paul Ralli. City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Reading of the minutes of the meeting of September 4th were dispensed with until the
meeting of the l6th.

A. F. Smith, Sr., was appointed to sign the register sheets in the absence of Commissioner
Clark.

Bids on tires and tubes were opened at this time from the following firms:

James Cashman 4 tires      $162.44	4 tubes   $21.21

Silver State Service ”	144.38	4	”	19.16

Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of the Silver State Service be accepted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The bid and alternate bid of the Western Air Express for the lobby and cafe at the West 

Airport Administration Building was discussed.

Mr. Hugh W. Coburn appeared before the Board on behalf of the Western Air Express.

After some discussion the Mayor appointed Commissioners Tinch and Rubidoux to look into
the matter thoroughly and submit a report and recommendations at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the agreement between the city of Las Vegas and the Los
Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company covering furnishing of electricity to City’s Police
Department radio system and fire devices, in case of black-outs or other failure of supply from
the present source in Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada be accepted and the Mayor and city
clerk directed to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried 
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Mark S. Schulman for package liquor license
and retail beverage at 1500 Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch 
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of George Miller for a retail beer license was tabled. 

Letters from the following named persons requesting that their names be withdrawn from 
a certain petition protesting the removal of David Mackey, as Chief of Police, were
read:

S. Fauria; Charles Patterson; A. L. Frederick; George Ullom, W. W. Cole, Dennis Tuckness,

John R. McKelvey, R. C. Dunlap, Fred L. Moran, George Thompson, Harry LaFaver, James Harford,

J.	Duncan, Louis D. Truax, Eather M. Leavitt, Edward A. Davis, and Woody Pierce.

The Report of the city attorney was read. Commissioner Smith moved that said Report be
adopted including the appointment of Mr. Harvey Dickerson as deputy city attorney. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the city engineer as submitted be accepted
and adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the request of the American Legion to sponsor a carnival
for fourteen days in the parking space in front of the City Ball Park be granted. However,
because of the fact that the race meet starts September 27th, the carnival will have to 
be out of the park by the 26th of September. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Smith moved that anyone in the future who wishes to have the use of any city property
for carnivals, shows, dances, etc., place their request in writing, to the Board at least
ten days before they expect to use said property. Motion died for want of a second.

Letters from Mrs. Edith Sandall and Ione Flickinger protesting parking of trucks on certain
city streets were read and same were referred to the city attorney.

A certain petition signed by property owners regarding installation of sewers in a certain
district was read and referred to the resident engineer on the sewer project.

It appearing that no protests had been filed against obtaining an emergency loan. Commissioner
Rubidoux moved that the following Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing of cash to meet
the payroll of the city employees and other current expenses of operating the city government
under the 1942 budget, pending the collection of the tax levy, 1942, and quarterly installment
of which will begin December, 1942.



AND WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an emergency loan:

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners that said city do borrow
the sum of Seventy-five Thousand ($75,000.00) Dollars, (or whatever part thereof the
Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow)
at an interest rate of not to exceed eight per cent (8%) per annum; and do provide in the
subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof both principal and interest within the
period of two and one-half years from the date of borrowing said	sum;	and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they	are hereby authorized	and

empowered to make, execute and deliver such promissory note or notes as may	be 	necessary

from time to time to carry	 into effect this RESOLUTION, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the city clerk execute and deliver the necessary certified copy
of this Resolution to be sent to the State Board of Finance.

The foregoing RESOLUTION was read aloud and adopted at the recessed regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners on the 8th day of September, A. D. 1942. Voting Aye: Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison. Voting no. none. Absent. Commissioner
City Atty. Ralli stated that the Minutes of August 24th be corrected to show that the Clark.

Resolution regarding emergency Loan was passed instead of adopted, and the Resolution
corrected to show September 8th, 1942.

The clerk was instructed to write to the Chambers of Commerce at Salt Lake,City, Utah,

 and the Junior and Senior Chamber of Commerce locally informing them that the city of Las	

Vegas is interested in borrowing up to $75,000.00 at the lowest possible interest rate.

Some discussion was had as to making a change in the business license ordinance.

Commissioner Smith moved that when replys were received to letters sent out by the Clerk
to various cities requesting copies of license ordinance that they be turned over to the
city auditor, who will in turn report to the Board together with any recommendations he
might care to offer relative to readjustment of business licenses in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Blackman made a report regarding the heating and cooling unit at the Airport Administration
Building. Matter was referred to the city attorney.

A letter was read from the Fire Underwriters. Submitted therewith was their report.

Commissioner Smith made amotion that R. E. Lake be granted a leave of absence as requested
by the chief of Police, due to the death of his brother-in-law. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The city mechanic made a favorable report on certain equipement heretofore called to his
attention. Thereafter Commissioner Smith moved that the city purchase a certain truck, grader
and bulldozer from Wally Rhoads for $5,025.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.	

Mayor Garrison thanked the committee appointed to investigate the feasibility of moving the

city barns and thereafter discharged them.

Harlan T. Brown made a report on the demolition of the Gartside property. The city attorney
stated that it was the duty of the city to demolish the Gartside property and also to
clean up the Murray Cabins.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city demolish the Gartside property at a cost of not
to exceed $300.00 under the supervision of the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Regarding relocation of certain lines and monuments in the Huntridge Addition. The city
attorney said it was discretionary with the city as to whether they complied with the request
or not. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city engineer proceed to make said survey as
requested and establish monuments. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that $100 be allowed to clean up Murray Cabins. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city engineer assume the duties of securing easements for
Federal Government for the installation of the sewer lines. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his	

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.		

Commissioner Smith moved that the money for demolishing the Gartside property and cleaning up
the Murry cabins be taken from the general fund. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that this meeting adjourn until September 16th, at the hour of 7:30
P.M., Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by unanimous vote.
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
September 16, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of September,

1942. Meeting called to order by his Honor Mayor Howell C. Garrison at the hour of 7:30
P.M., with the following members present:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch.

LeRoy Whipple, Purchasing Agent and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Absent: City Attorney, Paul Ralli, Auditor, A. W. Blackman and Commissioner Clark.

Minutes of the previous meetings of September 4th and 8th were read and approved as read.

Bids for a transformer ware opened at this time.

General Electric Corporation being the only company submitting a bid which was in the sum

of $138.14 and required an AIK priority rating.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that A. L. Drew be authorized to purchase a certain transformer
if it can be obtained for the same price heretofore submitted to the Board. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Rubidoux made a report regarding the bid of the Western Air Express for lease of the
lobby and cafe at the Airport Administration Building.

At the hour of 8:00 P.M., the city attorney appeared at the meeting.

Commissioner Rubidoux recommended that the bid of the WAE be accepted.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation of Commissioner Rubidoux be accepted
subject to the approval of the lease by the Board of City Commissioners and the city
attorney. Motion seconded, by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter of resignation from Mr. R.S. Norton as building inspector was read. Commissioner
Smith moved that the resignation of R. S. Norton be accepted and that the recommendations
he submitted be referred to the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux,
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

At the hour of 8:20 P.M. the city auditor arrived.

Commissioner Smith made a report on the investigation of the police department.

Commissioner Tinch moved that each Commissioner be given the privilege to grant leaves of
absence to the employees under their jurisdiction. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith recommended that the police commissioner carry on as in the past until
some concrete plan is adopted.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city proceed to investigate the feasibility and legal 
requirements in relation to closing 75' of the alley back of the fire station. That said
matter be referred to the city engineer and city attorney. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the men working as school guards be paid 80¢ an hour.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the police department be authorized to pay Mr. Nevins a
reasonable rental for the use of his motorcycle tire during this emergency. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city proceed, as quickly as possible, to meet all requirements
of the fire underwriters report covered by the "asteriks" and be followed up by general 

recommendations in a progressive manner as the city is financially able to do so and that 

the city attorney proceed to draft an ordinance to meet said requirements as recommended by 

Mr. Abbott said ordinance to include the 1940 building code. Motion seconded by Commissioner 

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor 

voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for an electric floor polisher and wax. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Chas. Johnson be placed on the police payroll in a temporary
position as an officer. His application being on file and in proper form. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a carton of 48 light tubes for the west wing of the building
be purchased. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that 500 arms, used for street markers,be painted as required

at the same unit price as those now in use. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that condemnation proceedings be instituted against Thelma
Gartside for additional land and 12' of the building on Fremont Street necessary for the
widening of Fremont Street. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Mayor Garrison requested Commissioner Tinch and the city engineer to investigate the
 feasibility of widening Fremont Street from Main Street to Fourteenth Street to 

coincide with the widening done to that point. And to estimate the cost of same and make
a report as soon as possible.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that he be authorized to obtain part to repair the garbage
truck. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried the following vote. Commissioners
Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city purchase 1900 tons of black-top from Wallace &
Wallace at the original unit price of $1.90 per ton. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.



Mayor Garrison appointed Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch to look into the matter
of furnishing the lobby of the Airport Administration Building and report at the next meeting.

Mayor Garrison made the following appointments permanent:	Commissioner Smith, Police

Commissioner Tinch - Streets; Commissioner Rubidoux - finance; Commissioner Clark - lights
and sewer.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that vouchers 730 to 733 be approved. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Garrison and Commissioner Smith commended Mr. Norton for the splendid work he
did as building inspector for the city of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of George Miller for a beer license at
Charleston and Main for the 4th quarter be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of E. P. Bihlmaier for a sealed package
liquor license at 123 Fremont Street be granted. Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of C. F. Reid for renewal of gaming license
at 224 N. 1st be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of William Graves for slot machine license
at F & Jackson be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application for gaming license at 1500 Fremont be granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.	

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE





Meeting held September 15, 1942.

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of City Commissioners, City of Las
Vegas, Countyof Clark,

TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, it being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State
Board of Finance, duly called and met in session under and pursuant
to the provisions of that certain Act of the Legislature of Nevada
entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities, 

Towns, School Districts and Other Governmental Agencies" approved March
22, 1917, as amended, that a great necessity or emergency has arisen
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
necessity now exists authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan
 by and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners, City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark for the purpose of meeting such emergency as
exptessed in and shown by the premable and resolution unanimously
adopted at a meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, duly called and held on the 8th day of
September, 1942, authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set
forth in said resolution, a duly certified copy of which is now on
file and of record in the office of the State Board of Finance;
and

WHEREAS, It fuether appearing that notice of intention to adopt said
emergency resolution was duly published according to law; therefore,
be it

RESOLVED By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution
of said Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of Seventy
Five Thousand ($75,000.00) Dollars as in said resolution set forth
and authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it
further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted
by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance to said Board of
City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark in order
that the same may be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of said
Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark as 

provided by law.

I, Dan W. Franks, certify that I am the acting Secretary of the State
Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true, and correct
copy of a resolution duly adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board
of Finance at a meeting held on the 15th day of September, 1942.

Dated this 15th day of September, 1942

Dan W. Franks

Acting - Secretary of the State Board of Finance.
A letter signed by Mayor Howell C. Garrison to all licensees in the city relative to
raising licenses in the city was read. Commissioner Smith moved that said letter be approved
and that if representatives of said businesses do not appear at the stated meeting it will
be assumed that they have no objection to said raise and thereafter, the city will proceed
to revamp the Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A telegram addressed to Commissioner Smith from Wright L. Felt regarding the proposed
trailer camp grant was read and ordered filed.

A letter from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company relative to fire hydrants was read and same
was turned over to the city attorney for investigation.

■Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of the Apache Cafe of $40 be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Mrs. Harry J. Sweeney for $5.50 be granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of 0. A. Kimball covering insurance policy #81
in the amount of $623.56 be approved. Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the City purchase badges for the commissioners who have
been given new offices. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and voted on as follows.

Voting aye:	Commissioner Rubidoux and Tinch. Noes, Commissioner Smith. Passed, Mayor

Garrison.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the War Memorial Buildingnot be rented on Sundays for dances.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for 20,000 letter heads and envelopes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The proposed lease between the City of Las Vegas and the U. S. of America for the Weather
Bureau was presented and ready for signature. Commissioner Tinch moved that it be returned
with the request that an additional clause be inserted providing for $30 per month to cover
cooling, heating, etc. Said $30 to cover total rent and facilities. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Smith

Thereafter, upon motion made by Commissioner Tinch seconded by Commissioner Smith and unanimously
carried the meeting adjourned until October 5, 1942 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
OCTOBER 5, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 5th day of October, 1942.

The meeting was called to order by the Clerk by virtue of the absence of both the Mayor and
Mayor Pro Tem, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that A. F Smith, Sr., be appointed acting Mayor during the
absence of the Mayor and Mayor pro tem. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and Smith, voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of the meeting of September 16th, were read and approved as read.

Ira Earl appeared before the Board asking financial aid for the
Scout bus	Boy Scouts - and the natter of maintaining the Scout bus and also 

providing for insurance on same was discussed. Mr. Earl stated that
the Scouts were willing to take over the bus and assume all expenses
incurred therefor, if the city would be willing to pay rent for the use
of the bus whenever it was necessary to use it for city purposes,
which was satisfactory to the City.

Bids from the following firms were opened at this time covering
BIDS:	20,000 letterheads and envelopes:

letterheads	Las Vegas Printing Company Letterheads $135.00 envelopes $170.00	

envelopes	Service Printers	"    135.00 "          172.50 25% rag

"	"	"    142.50 "          183.75 50%  "

Commissioner Tinch moved to accept the bid of the Las Vegas Printing
Company. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the 
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Police badges	The L. A. Stamp and Stationery Company stated that they could supply

badges in sterling silver only with a A3 priority. Salt Lake Stamp

Company unable to furnish. The matter was referred to the Chief of
Police.

Fire extinguishers American La France Company - no bid. Roy G. Davis bid $8.50 each

requiring priority. Alternate bid for Wilbur fire	extinguisher $8.50	

can furnish without priority. McQuay Supply - no bid.

Thereafter, the matter was tabled until the next regular meeting.

DEMANDS	Commissioner Tinch moved that demands 734 to 737 be allowed and the

Mayor and city clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by 
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIMS:	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Hampton Brothers in the

Hampton Bros.	sum of $132.08 and the claim of Dr. Smith in the sum of $101.00

Dr. Smith	be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the	

following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

MUNICIPAL FEES	Commissioner Tinch moved that the check of Gus Blad in the sum of

$2,764.00 covering fines and fees in the Municipal Court for the month 
of September be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

RE:	ADJUSTMENT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. Jorgensen be instructed to furnish

JORGENSEN CLAIM	the Board with an outline of re-adjustment regarding the erection of the

West Wing of the War Memorial Building. Motion seconded By Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

SWITCH BOARD	Commissioner Tinch moved that we purchase a switch board from the Quality

Electric Company of Los Angeles for $650.00, provided that it does not 

conflict with government limitations. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLARK - warrants	Commissioner Tinch was appointed to sign Commissioner Clark's warrants 

Tinch appointed	due to his absence on account	of sickness.

SALVAGE COLLECTION	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the superintendent of	streets be allowed

to use a city truck with prisoners for the purpose of collecting scrap 
iron at the request of Mr. DeArmond. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

REPORT:	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the report of Mr. Harlan T. Brown	be

Brown	received. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

FREMONT STREET	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that,at this time, the matter of widening

Widening	Fremont Street be tabled. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and 

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.
BUILDING INSPECTOR:	  Commissioner Rubidoux moved that O.J. Morling be hired as building

O. J. Morling     inspector at a salary of $200 per month beginning as of October 1st,
hired	1942. Gasoline to be obtained from the city pump. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.

R. B. ELSER:	 Commissioner Tinch moved that Mr. Elser be allowed his pay while on

Vacation	vacation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and voted on as

follows:	Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Noes, Acting

Mayor Smith.

SETBACK on	Commissioner Tinch moved that the matter of setbacks on Fremont

FREMONT	 be referred to the Planning Commission. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

GARBAGE DEPT.	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the garbage department, concerning

Moved to West	the clerical work, be moved to the West Wing. Motion seconded by

Wing.	Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.

REPORT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the report of the Cemetery Board relative

Cemetery Board      to Plot D-l and D-2 landscaping and the prices of lots contained therein

 be accepted and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

VACATION	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that LeRoy Whipple be granted a vacation

Roy Whipple	beginning October 16th to 31st inclusive with pay. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

REPORT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the report of the Golf Board be accepted.

Golf Board	 Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith
voting aye. Noes, none.

MUNICIPAL

AIRPORT DEPOT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that 6 davenports and 6 chairs be purchased

Furniture	from Pacific Desk Company if available at the price quoted. If not

that the old furniture be renovated. Said furniture to be used in the
Lobby of the Municipal Airport Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, Acting Mayor, Smith, voting aye. Noes, none.

BID - let	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for a second hand car

car - Recreat-      for the Recreation Department and that any car purchased be checked
ion department.     by the city mechanic. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

SWIMMING POOL	A letter from the Superintendent of Recreation was read recommending

 that their Board appoint a committee to investigate the possibility
of building a swimming pool and reporting back to the Commission as
soon as possible. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said recommendation
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,

Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITORIUM	 Letters were read from Mr. Garside, Capt. Commerford and Mr. Losee

use	regarding use of the auditorium of the War Memorial Building. Mr.

Losee was directed to confer with Capt. Comerford and Mr. Garside
and report at the next regular meeting the result of his conferences.

CLAIM	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of C. E. Cowert for return

C. E. Cowert	of $100 cash bond as plumbing contractor be allowed. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of E. W. Cragin for $20

Burglary insur-     covering renewal of burglar insurance policy be granted. Motion
ance.	  seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting
aye. Noes, none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that $30 be allowed for the payment of 5

5	volumes on	 volumes on fire protection. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux

fire protection     and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and

his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of the United Plumbing and

United Plumbing     Heating Company in the sum of $21.33 be allowed. Motion seconded by

&	Heating Co.	Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

PLANNING ENGINEER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the action of the Planning Board

Salary	  regarding the raise in salary for Mr. Petrie from $250 to $350 per

month as of August 1st be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

LOADING ZONE	Commissioner Tinch moved that upon recommendation of the Planning

5th & Carson	Board a loading zone be established at 5th & Carson on the north side

 of Carson for the Modern Cleaners. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Tinch,

Rubidoux and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.
BOOSTER PLANT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the matter of a booster plant in the

gas	residential zone on North Fifth Street be referred to the Fire Marshall

for further study and report. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	Commissioner Tinch moved that the city borrow $50,000 from the First

$50,000	National Bank of Nevada as needed. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

LEAVE OF ABSENCE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of Paul Ralli for a leave

Paul Ralli	of absence to join the army be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

APPOINTMENT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Harvey D. Dickerson be appointed

City attorney	acting city attorney during Mr. Ralli's absence, beginning as of

October 15th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,

Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CIRCUS	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Everett W. Coe for

permission to hold a circus in the city of Las Vegas October 16th &

17th on the parking lot of the City Park be granted. Motion seconded
by commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of the Southern Nevada Telephone

telephone -	Co., covering calls at Golf Course from January to September be referred

golf course	to the city auditor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, Acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

PLAT - approved	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that that certain plat for the re-subdivision

Block 20	of Block 20, Ladd Addition be approved as recommended by the Planning

Ladd Addition	Board and further, that the sub-divider install fire hydrants as required

by the fire chief. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by 
the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

APARTMENT HOUSE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved the recommendation of the Planning Board

6th & Lewis	for approval of the Board of City Commissioners for an apartment house

at 6th & Lewis be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting recess until October 6,

1942, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
OCTOBER 6, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 6th day of October,

1942. Meeting called to order by acting Mayor A.F. Smith, Sr., at the hour of 7:30 P.M.,
with the following members present: Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch. Acting city attorney,

Harvey D. Dickerson. City auditor, A.W. Blackman and city clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

The following report and recommendations were submitted by Commissioner Smith:

REPORT	1. Closing of alley at rears of fire station. 2. Promotion of officer

Smith	Pierce to Sergeant. 3. Cancellation of Chauffuers license, rests with

municipal court. 4. Resignation of Harry LaFavor. 5. Officers on leave
of absence, taken off payroll. 6. Purchase of cash books to cover food
supplies. 7. Employment of officers for replacement. 8. Purchase of
badges and distinction for Special Police. 9. Appointment of Don Borax,
Chief, Harry Miller, Asst., Chief with increase of salary from $225.00
to $230 per month. 10. Appointment of David Mackey to position of 

patrolman. 11. Ratify establishment of assistant Cheif of Police. 12. Mr.

Jay Russell to service motorcycles including washing, lubricating and
making necessary running repairs at $60 per month. 13. Granting leave
of absence to officers, subject to call. 14. Officers employed as patrolmen
on probation period of three months at a salary of $6 per day. 15. All
officers to have one out of seven days off duty, subject to call. If they
are not available accounty of sickness or out of town. Tolerance. 16.
Officers on Westside to use city owned cars stored at city barns after moving,
to new quarters. 17. Officers on Westside to use office adjacent to 

Underpass. 18. Purchase of car for Westside officers.

The matter of closing alley behind police station was held over.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the report of Commissioner Smith be adopted

with the exception of the employment of David Mackey as a patrolman and
and the use of city cars in other departments other than their own. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

REPORT -	Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,

Smith - cont.	none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Board of City Commissioners
sustain the Chief of Police in his action of lifting a chauffeur's
license from a local chauffeur. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

BIDS:	Bids from the following firms on a car for the recreation department

Car - recreation    were opened at this time. Porter & Baskin bid on 1941 Station Wagon

Dept.	 Plymouth, $1,495.00. Sam Jones bid on 1939 Ford Station Wagon, $892.50.

Chevrolet Company unable to bid.

Commissioner Tinch moved that upon recommendation of the city mechanic

RECREATION DEPT.	that the bid of Sam Jones be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Station wagon	  Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

purchased.	Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the established practice be sanctioned
by the Board of Commissioners and all officers and employees of the

POLICE DEPT:	 Police Department shall be allowed one day each out of seven, without

6 day week.	 deduction in pay therefor but shall be subject to call for duty at any

time during such period should an emergency necessitating the presence
of such officers or employees arise. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

VACATING ALLEY	Commissioner Tinch moved that November 4th, 1942 at the hour of 7:30

Ladd Addition       P.M., be set for hearing of protests on vacating a certain alley in

Block 20, Ladd Addition to the City of Las Vegas. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

BOOSTER STATION:	 A letter was read from Harold Case, Fire Chief, regarding the 

                          installation of a booster station for the Las Vegas Gas Company on N.

Fifth Street, and Ordered filed. The clerk was instructed to write
to the fire underwriter regarding the matter.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT:	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Board sanction the action of the

 Health Department in closing certain cafe's on Westside until they
meet the sanitary requirements of the city. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.	

SWITCH BOARD	 A letter was read from A. L. Drew regarding the installation of a

switch board in the west wing of the War Memorial Building. Same
was ordered filed.

PETITION.	Commissioner Tinch moved that the petition of Beatrice Brown be

Beatrice Brown      approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by

  the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,
acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

 as of Oct, 1st,

DEPUTY	Commissioner Tinch moved that La Vera Murphy be hired as of Oct, 1st

Clerks office       in the office of the city clerk at a salary of $125.00 per month. 

And that the following wage scale be adopted. First three months at 

$125.00 per month, then a raise to $140 and after one years service 

$150 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried 

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, 

acting Mayor, Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CEMETERY	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a demand be drawn for the purchase

10 acres purchased  of 10 acres of land for additional cemetery space from the Las Vegas

Land & Water Company at an agreed price of $3000.00. Motion seconded
  by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
	Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,

none.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the following renewals of gaming

Renewals	licenses be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried 

   By the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,
acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Ethel's Liquor Store - 28 Fremont	1 slot machine

"	"	" 411 "	1	"	"

Bill's Lunch		216 N. Main	1	"	"

Mac Donald Hotel	208	N. 5hh	2	slot	 machines	

El Patio Hotel	115	N. 2nd	2   "	"	

Albert Goot	770	Fremont	6	"	"	

White Spot Cafe	109	"	8	"	"

Town Barbecue	506	"	5	"	"

Kiva Bar	2nd	& Fremont	8	"	"

Apache Cafe	"	"	3	"	"

Apache Bar	"	"	12	"	"

Oasis Cafe	123		"	3	"	"

Purdy Texaco	3rd	& Fremont	1  "	"

Charleston Hotel	119	s. 1st	1	"	"

Las Vegas Liquor Store 812	Fremont	1	"	"

Associated Service	5th	& Carson	1	"	"

Cut Rate Liquor	132	S. 5th	2	"	"

State Cafe	20 Fremont	4	"	"

Frontier Club	117	"	1 	Hazard

Clark’s Market	1500	"	8	slot 	machines

Cinnabar	105	S. 1st	3	"	"
GAMING - renewals	Slot Machine	101 Fremont	34 slot machines

Boulder Liquor Store   423 Fremont	3	"	"

Silver State Newsstand 110	S. 2nd	4	"	"

Rex Bar	128	S. 1st	2	"	"

Jimmies Bar Cafe	807	S. Main.	2	"	"

Dick's Bar	118	N. 1st	1	"	"

Star Drive Inn	325	N. 5th	1	"	"

P & B Cafe	202	N. 1st	1	"	"

Yon-Del's	508	Fremont	1	"	"

Tower Service Station 125	S. 5th	1	"	"

Exchange Bar	123	S. 1st	2	"	"

Sill's	5th	& Charleston	4	"	"

Wimpy's	210	Fremont	3	"	"

Trail Cafe	13 Fremont	1	"	   "

Orange Julius	405	Fremont	4	"	"

Mandalay Bar	111	E. Fremont	9	"	"

Richfield Station	5th	& Fremont	1	"	"

Geo Knipp	5th	& Fremont	1	"	"

Frontier Club	117	E. Fremont	40	"	"

"	2	crap games

"	5	twenty-one

"	2	roulette

"	1	big six

"	2	pan

"	5	poker

"	1	race horse keno

"	1 hopper keno - 102 chairs

Sam's Cafe	320 E. Fremont	5	 slot 	machines

Sal Sagev Hotel Lobby  5 Fremont	5	"	"

Professional Drug	421	Fremont	1	"	"

Fremont Arcade	105	Fremont	32	"	"

Shine Parlor	102	N. 1st	1	"	"

B.	& H. Store	402 Bonanza Rd.	1	"	"

Snyder Store	300	"	"	1	"	"

Shell Oil Station	5th	& Main	1	"	"

Reed’s Pool Hall	226	N. 1st	4	"	"

Nevada Biltmore	600	N. Main	8	"	"

"	2	twenty one

"	1	roulette

"	1	crap

Log Cabin Bar	122 N. 1st	3 slot machines

The Market Spot	117	Carson	4	"	"

Anna B. Kennedy	201	Bridger	2	"	"

Busy Bee Cafe	105	N. 1st	2	"	"

Foreign Club	111	N. 1st	2	"	"

Sal Sagev Tavern	1 Fremont	9	"	"

Las Vegas Barbecue	22 Fremont	3	"	"

Tivoli Bar	126 N. 1st	3	"	"

Edward Tip Rowe	1516 S. 5th	2	"	"

Associated Service	10th & Fremont	2	"	"

Fremont Arcade	105	Fremont	2	craps	- 1 twenty-one

White Cross Drug	201 Fremont	2	 slot 	machines

Las Vegas Pharmacy	32 Fremont	2	"	"

Overland Bar	6 Fremont	3	"	"

Silver Club	108	N. 1st	1	 Roulette

"	1	Craps

"	2	Twenty-one

Lido Bar	107	N. 1st	6	slot	machines

Mike's Liquor Store	106 Fremont	4	"	"

Rancho Grande Creamery 406	S.	2nd	1	"	"

Navajo Grill	419	S.	5th	1	"	"

Al's Bar	118	S.	1st	12	"	"

R. Garner	123	S.	2nd	4	"	"

Opedyke Dairy	600	N.	Main	1	"	"

Adams Grocery	816	E.	Fremont	1	"	"

Camel Bar	110	N.	1st	4	"	"

Silver Cafe	108 N. 1st	4	"	"

Silver Club	108 N. 1st	2	"	"

Oklahoma Cafe	220 N. 1st	1	"	"

"	1 poker - 1 crap

Professional	Drug	421	Fremont	4	slot	machines

Peggy's Cafe	124 S. 1st	4	"	"

El Cortez Hotel	6th & Fremont	17	"	"

"	1 twenty-one, 1 roulette, 1 dice

Las Vegas Tavern	19 Fremont	8	 slot 	machines

West Side Tavern	206 W. Wilson	3	"	"

A.T. Spatz 	101 Carson Rd.	1	"	"

Underhill Bowling Alley l25 S. 2nd	10	"	"

Underhill Pool Hall	125 Fremont	9	"	"

Eight Ball Bar	117 N. 1st	8	"	"

Nevada Bar	115 N. 1st	6	"	"

Read City Drug	231 Fremont	11	"	"

Signal Oil Co	4th & Fremont	1	"	"

Overland Cafe	8 Fremont	1	"	"

Gilbert’s Store	314 W. Bonanza	4	"	"

Cornets Variety Store	Fremont	3	"	"

Betty's Cafe	1039 S. Main	2	"	"

Play - Land	127 S. 1st	34	"	"

Las Vegas Club	23 Fremont	30	"	"

Pioneer Club	25 Fremont	45	"	"

1	Faro, 2 pan, 6 poker, 1 race horse keno, 6 21, 3 roulette

2	craps.
GAMING	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the applications of C. R. Millhizer

hold	 for gaming licenses at 418 E & Madison and 320 Monroe be referred to

  the police department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING	 Commissioner Tinch moved that the following applications be denied,

rejected	  Jeffery Patton, 508 Jackson for a beer license; C. R. Millhizer -

508 Jackson - 2 slot machines; Jay Robb- 508 Jackson - 1 slot machine.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith
voting aye. Noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of George G. Parry

131 S. 1st	for a retail tavern liquor license at 131 S. 1st Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor
Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

APPLICATION-liquor	 The application of Josie Donich for an Importer’s Beverage-liquor

Josie Donich	 license at 132 S. 5th Street was held for investigation.

APPLICATION -gaming   Commissioner Tinch moved that the gaming application of Dave Stearns
Dave Stearns	 be granted with the exception of the Football Parley Book which is

referred to the city attorney. Motion seconded by Commissioner  
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of Frank C. Kernan

Love Cafe	 for a slot machine license at 1500 S. 5th be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.

GAMING	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application for two slot machines

Jack Weisberger     at 1503 S. 5th Street by Jack Weisberger be held over for investigation.

  Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioner Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith
voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING	The following applications for gaming were ordered held pending action

  of Health Department. Jay Robb at D & Madison; Belvedere Garden, H &
Harrison; and Joseph Rowles Cafe at 418 E & Madison.

APPOINTMENT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. H. T. McQuiston be appointed to

H.	T. McQuiston     act as property officer of certain protective equipment loaned to the

City by the Office of Civilian Defense. The city to pay for a $5000
bond for Mr. McQuiston. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

BENCHES	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of the Vegas Transit

Bus stops	Company to install benches for convenience of passengers at various

bus stops be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none. 

TAXI RATES	 A letter from the Taxicab Operators Association of Las Vegas, Nevada

  outlining a schedule of rates for taxi service in the city of Las
Vegas was read and ordered filed.

POUNDMASTER	  A letter was read from Fred Tisdial regarding feeding of animals at

the pound. The matter was referred to Commissioner Smith.

SALARY	 A letter was read from David Mackey regarding his salary and same was

Dave Mackey	referred to the city attorney.

FIRE DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the city create a paid fire department

  consisting of 1 Chief, 3 Captains and 12 Patrolmen, with the following
wage scale to be hired as of Nov. 1st, 1942. Chief $250 per month.
Captains $200.00 and Patrolmen $190 per month. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,none.

2nd EMERGENCY LOAN   Commissioner Tinch moved that the city attorney and city auditor

  prepare the necessary papers for a second Emergency Loan to be ready
for the meeting of November 4th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

WATER CONNECTION	 Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city clerk be instructed to write

Charleston	  to Walter Bracken confirming the conversation he had with Mr. Case

  that the city wished them to install a six-inch emergency connection
at Charleston Boulevard. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

HOOT GIBSON SHOW	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of the Hoot Gibson

Rodeo to show in Las Vegas be referred to the Race Horse Commission.

  Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting
aye. Noes, none.
PROTESTS	Letters from the U-Wah-Un Study Club and from the Las Vegas Retail

Parking meters	Merchants Association protesting the installation of parking meters

in Las Vegas were read and ordered filed.

ORDINANCE 279- adopted Commissioner Tinch moved that upon the second reading of Ordinance
Taxi	279 same be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, the clerk read said Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to
amend section 1 of Ordinance No. 266 of the City of Las Vegas, amending
Section 7 of Ordinance 210 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled; "An
Ordinance to fix, impose, and provide for the collection of a license
tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the
operation and running of the same, within the city of Las Vegas; fixing
a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance;
and repealing ordinance No. 100 and all the ordinances or parts of
Ordinances in conflict herewith."

BADGES	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the purchasing agent be authorized to

purchase the necessary badges to meet the requirements of Ordinance 279. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye.
Noes, none.

TIME SLIPS	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendations of Mr. Blackman

	regarding time slip forms be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

1937 WPA sidewalk	Mr. Blackman made a report on the	1937 WPA sidewalk project. Commissioner

project	Rubidoux moved that the report be	approved and the	necessary steps taken

to settle the matter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,
acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the daily receipts be shorted

$7.50 and that Mrs. Bowman be reimbursed the same amount to cover a duplicate
receipt. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith 
voting aye. Noes, none.

DRIVE YOURSELF SERV-	Commissioner Tinch moved that the	request of A. L.	Riddle for transfer

ICE - A. L. Riddle	of Drive Yourself Service from Paul Walters, Inc.,	to A. L. Riddle be 

granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until October 16th,

1942	at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
	Honor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

OCTOBER 16, 1942
Las Vegas, Nevada



At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of October, 1942.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison with the following members
present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux. City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. A. W. Blackman

city auditor.

Absent:	Commissioner Clark and City Attorney, Paul Ralli.



Minutes of the meetings of October 5th and 6th were held over until the meeting of Nov. 4th.

Commissioner Tinch was appointed to sign register in absence of Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 742 to 745 inclusive be approved and the Mayor and city 
clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch/voting aye. Noes, none.

SLOT MACHINES	Commissioner Smith moved that owners and licensees of slot machines

keys left with be instructed by the police department to leave master keys to the 
police	mechanical part of their machines with the police department to

facilitate an accurate check on machines. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith read his report covering matters pertaining to the
Police Department,
SMITH	Commissioner Smith moved that his report be approved and adopted. 

Report	Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honro voting
aye. Noes, none.

FLOOR WAXER	The bid of the Lovinger Disinfectant Company for a floor waxer

Bid	was opened at this time. This was the only bid received. Mayor 

Garrison ordered said bid tabled and instructed the city engineer
to look into the matter of obtaining a second hand outfit or letting
a contract to have said work done and report back at the next
meeting.

STREET DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Smith moved that the request of Mr. Leavitt that

Wiley Woodard	Charles McCown be promoted to shop foreman at $200 per month and 

Charles McCown	Wiley Woodard be promoted to construction foreman at $200 per month.

Motion died for want of a second.

and recommendations

HARLAN T.	BROWN	Harlan T. Brown presented his	report/to the Board which	was	read	by	

Report	the clerk.

Plat - cemetery	Commissioner Tinch moved that the amended plat of Woodlawn Cemetery

be approved and the Mayor and city clerk authorized to execute same. 
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Residential	 set-	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the	recommendation of the	city	engineer

backs	regarding residential stebacks as	follows; be approved:

Porches or similar appendages, attached to, but not
an integral part of a residence building, may extend
five feet beyond the setback line, across thirty-five 
percent of the building width without violating the
setback. This does not mean that any portion of the main
walls of the building may extend beyond the setback line
nor that any construction except walks and drives may
extend beyond the property line".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

C.	L. Hoge	Commissioner Tinch moved that the recommendation of Mr. Brown

raise	that C. L. Hoge be raised from $150 to $175 per month as assistant

Building Inspector, be approved. Motion died for want of a second.

John Williams	Commissioner Tinch moved that the recommendation of the city engineer

hired - chairman that John Williams be placed on the payroll as of Oct l6th, as a

chairman to replace Charles Guy at $150 per month be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

VACATIONS	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that all city employees be granted

city employees	two weeks vacation after one years service and continued service

thereafter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by 
the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TRANSPORTATION	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that all city inspectors be furnished

City inspectors	transportation while on city business. Motion died for want of

a second.

SEWER LINES	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized

Revocable permit	to execute a certain instrument designated "Revocable Permit" as

State Highway	presented by the State Highway Department. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Rubidoux amd carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

At 9:10 P.M., Commissioner Smith was excused because of illness. 

AIRPORT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a certain acre at McCarran Field

Barrett acre	owned by Bud Barrett be purchased for $1000 including the well thereon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following 
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

BOOSTER STATION

gas	Commissioner Tinch moved that the city approve the proposed booster

Station of the Las Vegas Gas Company subject to specifications of the
Fire Underwriters of the Pacific. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,
Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

$50,000	

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, heretofore the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas gave notice of intention to vote on an emergency loan, which
notice was as follows:

NOTICE OF INTENTION TO VOTE ON
A RESOLUTION TO SECURE AN EMERGENCY
LOAN.

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the sec-
uring of cash to meet the payroll of the city employees and other
current expenses of operating the city government under the 1942
budget, pending the collection of the tax levy, 1942, the quarterly
installment of which will begin December, 1942.
AND WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an emergency
loan:

IT IS THE INTENTION of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to declare that there exists a great
necessity and emergency to meet the payroll and the current expenses
of operating the city government and to request the State Board of
Finance of the State of Nevada to grant to the city of Las Vegas
authority to borrow an emergency loan of Seventy-five Thousand Dollars
(§75,000.00) (or whatever part thereof the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow) at an
interest rate not to exceed eight per cent per annum (8%); and to provide
in the subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof, both principal
and interest, in accordance with the provisions of the Statutes of the
State of Nevada.

IT IS THE INTENTION of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas to vote on the adoption of the Resolution to secure the above
described emergency loan on the 8th day of September, 1942 at the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, at 7:30 P.M., at which time
any persons wishing to object to the adoption of such resolution
are invited to appear and voice such objection.

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

By; Howell C Garrison

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed

AND WHEREAS, the said notice was published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal, as provided by law, and

WHEREAS, on the 8th day of September, 1942, a resolution was unanimously
adopted by the members present of the Board of the City Commissioners, and
a copy of said Resolution was sent to the State Board of Finance, Carson
City of Nevada as provided by law, and

WHEREAS, the State Board of Finance, Carson City of Nevada on the 15th
day of September, 1942, passed a Resolution authorizing such emergency
loan, by the Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, notifying
the said Board of the City Commissioners, of the city of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE it is hereby resolved that the sum of Fifty Thousand
Dollars (§50,000.00) be borrowed from the First National Bank of Las
Vegas, Nevada, at the rate of	payable semi-annually, the said

loan to be paid not later than two and one-half (2½)

) years from the date
of said loan, and that the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to
execute and deliver such promissory note to the said First National Bank
of Nevada.

THE FOREGOING RESOLUTION was read aloud and adopted at the regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners on the 16th day of October, A. D. 1942.

Commissioner Tinch moved the adoption of the foregoing Resolution. Motion
Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.

Voting aye Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, Mayor
Howell C. Garrison. Voting no: none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

SEWER	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for consideration.

Sewage collection

system	RESOLUTION	

WHEREAS, the United States of America is constructing a sewage
collection system in the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS certain portions of the said sewage collection system are
completed and are being completed and are at the present time and
will be in the near future, ready for house connections, and

WHEREAS, it will be expedient and advisable that said house connections
be made as soon as possible along that portion of said sewage collection
system which is connected to approved city mains which are existent, which are
connected to an existing sewage disposal plant

NOW, THEREFORE be it resolved that the Board of City Commissioners
request the Federal Works Administration, defense war projects for per-
mission to place said portions of sewage collection system in operation
as soon as the same is completed and final inspection made, without
waiting for the final completion of this progress, designated as docket
No. 26-116 Sewage System, Las Vegas, Nevada

Commissioner Tinch moved the adoption of the foregoing Resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AIRPORT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the proposed lease of the Western Air	

lease WAE	Express at the Municipal Airport Building be rewritten as outlined by 

the Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Lease TWA	Commissioner Tinch moved that the proposed lease as submitted with

the TWA for a room at the Airport Administration Building be approved
at a rental of $30 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Tinch moved that the following gaming applications

Renewals	be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried 

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

New Overland Cafe	6 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Smith Root Beer Stand	311 Stewart	2 "	"

Overland Hotel 	4 Fremont	2 "	"

Silver State Serv.	Sta.	5th	& Fremont	1	"	"

De Luxe Sandwich Shop	125	S. 2nd	2	"	"

Jack Pot	114	Fremont	12	"	"

1 poker, p pan, 1 penny roulette, 14 chairs; 3 dice games,

1 roulette, 1 crap game, 1 21.

Esquire Bar	18 S. 2nd	3	slot	machines	

Fremont Arcade	105 Fremont	1	21

Horse Shoe Cafe	117 N. 1st	1	slot	machine

Modern Food Shop	315 Fremont	2	slot	machines

Verna's Grill	121	S. 5th	1	"	"

Johnson’s Grocery	630	S. 5th	1	"	"

Boulder Drug Co.	121	Fremont	3	"	"

Mae’s 1st Market	624	S. 1st	1	"	"	

Boulder Club, Incl, 118 E. Fremont 10 "	"	

1 poker, 1 pan, 1 big wheel; 3 21; 3 roulette; 2 craps;	

1 faro, Race Horse Keno. 1 Keno - 100 chairs.

JOSIE	DONDICH	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the application of Josie Dondich

	Importer's	for an Importers Beverage-Liquor License be approved. Motion

license	seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

 F.	B.	MARTINEZ	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the application of F. B. Martinez

Retail Beverage	for a retail beverage license	be denied Motion seconded by

License	Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

R.	K.	MILLER 	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the application of R. K. Miller for

Slot machines	a slot machine license at the	G. & G. Cafe, 125½

 S. 1st and at the

Victory Sandwich Shop at 116 S. 1st be allowed. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

DICK GARD	The application of Dick Gard for a rummy game was not considered

Rummy	as there is no provision in the ordinance covering such game.

GEORGE MILLER	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of George Miller

Gaming	for a slot machine license at Main & Charleston be granted. Motion	

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the followng vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

JACK WEISBERGER	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Jack Weisberger

Gaming	for 2 slot machines at 1503 South 5th Street be granted. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BELVEDERE GARDENS	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Jay Robb for a

Gaming	slot machine license at H. & Harrison be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BROWN DERBY CAFE	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the application of P. L. Jefferson

Gaming	for a slot machine license at	329 Monroe Street, Westside be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following,
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LOIS FISHER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Lois Fisher be hired as a deputy	in

Clerk’s	office	the office of the city clerk	to begin as of October 16th, 1942.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the followig vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SALARIES - Clerical	Commissioner Tinch moved that the motion heretofore made as of Oct.

6th regarding salaries for clerical help be rescinded and that clerk’s
or stenographers in the city clerk's office be paid $140 per month
beginning as of October 16th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

 TOMMY UNDERHILL	Commissioner Tinch moved that Tommy Underhill be reinstated in the

Reinstatement	police department until he enters the army. Motion died for want of 

a second.	

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until November 4th, 1942 at the hour
of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby
called to be held in the commissioner's room at the War Memorial Building, Wednesday, October
21st, 1942 at the hour of 11:00 A.M., on said day to consider the following:	

1.	The approval of Plat of Huntridge Subdivision at 10th & Charleston.

2.	To approve Resolution and authorize Deed to Sal Sagev Hotel.

Howell, C. Garrison_____________

Mayor

TO: HOWELL C. GARRISON, MAYOR, AND TO PAT CLARK, M. C. TINCH, A. F. SMITH, SR., AND AP. RUBIDOUX,
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

You and each of you will please take notice:; That pursuant to a call this day issued
by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Commissioners Room at the War Memorial Building
on the 21st day of October, 1942 at 11:00 A.M., of said day to consider the following:

1.	The approval of Plat of Huntridge Subdivision at 10th & Charleston.

2.	To approve Resolution and authorize Deed to Sal Sagev Hotel.

Helen Scott Reed_________________

City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby
admit due service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

Howell C. Garrison___________________

Mayor

A. F. Smith, Sr._____________________

Commissioner

Meeting called to order by Mayor Garrison at the hour of 1:15 P.M., with the following members
present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch and city clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioners

Rubidoux and Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Board adopt the policy of requiring all subdividers to install
the necessary fire hydrants as recommended by the Board of Fire Underwriters. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that by reason of the recommendation of the Planning Commission that
the Board approve the plat of Huntridge Subdivision Tract #3, and authorizing the Mayor and
city clerk to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

Resolution

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners in session assembled that an Order dated	

June 24, 1942 abandoning Church Street between blocks three (3) and four (4) in Church Addition,
as filed and recorded in Book 2 of Plats, Page 7, Clark County, Nevada, office of the County
Recorder, is hereby authorized, and the city attorney is instructed herewith to draw a deed
deeding the above described property to Sal Sagev Hotel Company, Incorporated, of Nevada.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the above Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Tinch, Smith and his Honor voting aye.

Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Rubidoux.

Thereafter, the meeting adjourned.

NOVEMBER 4, 1942
Las Vegas, Nevada

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of November, 1942.
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison at the hour of 7:30 PM. with
the following members presents Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, and Tinch; acting City 

Attorney Harve C. Dickerson; City Auditor A. W. Blackman; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the meetings of October 5, 6, 16, and special meeting of October 21 were read and
approved as read.

Commissioner Smith moved that demand 746 to 754 inclusive be approved and the mayor and city
clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, Clark, and His Honor voting aye. Noes,

none.

The following resolution was presented for considerations

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 16th. day of July, the following application was filed with
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

TO THE HONORABLE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemens

We, the undersigned, owners of more than seventy-
five per cent (75%) of the property hereinafter
described, situated contiguous or adjacent to the
alley hereby petitioned to be vacated, do hereby
petition your Board to vacate the following
described alley, to-wit:

That certain alley running North and South
between Lots 7 to 16 inclusive, in Block
20 of Ladd's Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, being a portion of the SW ¼ of 

Section 35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East,

M.D.B&M.

(SDG)	CYRIL S. WENGERT

(SDG)	RICHARD ROSCHL

(SDG) O'NEIL LUMBER COMPANY
(SDG)	A. C. DELKIN

(SDG)	C. LELAND RONNOW

(SDG)	LUCY MAY ROSCHL

(SDG)	OTTO KIMBALL

and

WHEREAS, on the 5th. day of October, 1942, the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, made an
Order setting the time of the hearing of said application for
Wednesday the 4th day of November, 1942, at 7:30 o'clock P.M.,
that being the next regular meeting of said Board; and

WHEREAS, notice of the time and place of said hearing was
duly given in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a newspaper of
general circulation published in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, which notice was published on the 16th. day
of October, 1942, as appears from the Affidavit of Publication on
file herein; and

WHEREAS, at the regular meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners, held on the 4th. day of November, 1942, at 7:30
o'clock P.M., said application was duly considered by said Board,
and there having been no protests filed with the Clerk of said
Board, and it appearing to said Board that the City Planning Board
have recommended that said application be granted, and the said
Board of City Commissioners being satisfied that the granting of
said application would be to the best interest of the people of the
City of Las Vegas, acted upon the following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED: That the application made by Cyril S. Wengert,

Richard Roschl, O'Neil Lumber Company, A. C. Delkin, C. Leland
Ronnow, Lucy May Roschl and Otto Kimball, be granted, and that
the following described portions of the plat of Ladd's
Addition to the City of Las Vegas, as shown by map thereof
on file in Book One of "Plats", Page Two, in the
office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada,
together with the following described portion of the
alley in said plat, to-wit:

That certain alley running North and South
between Lots 7 to 16 inclusive, in Block
20 of Ladd's Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, being a portion of the SW ¼ of 

Section 35, Township 20 South, Range 61
East, M.D.B. & M.,
be and the same is hereby vacated.

A vote was then taken on said resolution with the following
results:

Commissioners:

Rubidoux, voting yes.

Smith, voting yes.

Tinch, voting yes.

Clark, voting yes.

The Mayor, voting yes.

Said resolution was thereupon declared adopted.

There was then considered by the Board a plat entitled:
"RESUBDIVISION OF BLOCK 20 LADD'S ADDITION TO THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, NEVADA", and after due consideration the following resolution
was adopted:

RESOLVED:	That the plat entitled, "RESUBDIVISION OF BLOCK 20

LADD'S ADDITION TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA", which has
been presented to the Board, be and the same is hereby approved,
and the Mayor is hereby authorized and directed to execute the said
approval, the same to be attested by the Clerk of this Board,
under the seal of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

A vote was then taken upon the foregoing resolution with
the following results:

Commissioners:

Rubidoux, voting yes.

Smith, voting yes.

Tinch, voting yes.

Clark, voting yes.

His Honor the Mayor, voting yes.

Said resolution was thereupon declared adopted.

HUNTRIDGE SUBDIVISION	A proposed plat for Huntridge Subdivision #4 was presented to the

3	Board for approval. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the deed 

presented by Mr. Oakie covering park area in the Huntridge Subdivision
tracts be accepted, subject to the signature of Mr. Griffin, said
park to be maintained by the city. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Clark moved that the plat of Huntridge Subdivision
#4 be accepted and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch, and carried by the following vote, Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



BRYAN L. BUNKER	Bryan L. Bunker appeared before the Board at this time and made a

Memorial Hall	report on the activities of the recreational department. 

Commissioner Clark moved that the recreational department be allowed 

the use of the Memorial Hall when not in use by other organizations.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

VEGA VERDI #2	 Commissioner Clark moved that the plat of Vega Verdi #2 be approved

Platt	 subject to the approval of the Planning Commission and the City

Engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch, and His
Honor voting aye. Commissioner Smith voted no.

GASOLINE STORAGE	Commissioner Clark moved that an ordinance be drawn prohibiting

in homes	the storage of more than ten gallons of gasoline at homes. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch. Noes, none. Passed:	

Commissioner Smith and His Honor Howell C. Garrison.

FIRE PLUGS	Commissioner Clark made a motion that immediate installation of

fire plugs be made where needed whenever plugs are available.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WES NEELEY CLAIM	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the claim of Mr. Wes

Installing fire hydrants. Neeley, dated August 4, 1942 in the sum of $22.50, for installing 

  fire hydrants in the Mayfair Tract, be allowed. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

FIREMEN BADGES	 Commissioner Clark moved that badges be purchased for the paid

firemen, The fire chief to be allowed to select the badges
needed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RADIO FOR FIRE CHIEF'S	Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for a two-way radio

for the fire chief's car. That all Federal Regulations be fulfilled
. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch,

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
CABINET & CARD INDEX	Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for a letter-sized

CASE FOR FIRE DEPT.	'' cabinet and a 3 x 5 card index case for the fire department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

SCHENK CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of	Schenk in the

sum of $46.75 be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

REPLACEMENTS IN THE	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the following replacements

POLICE DEPT.	be made in the police department:	E.	E. Stotts as of November 1;

^ R. H. Johnson as of November 2; Wade	Paul as of October 30; and

the reinstatement of Ollie S. Pendley as of October 30. The
motion was seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and

His H&nor voting aye. Noes, none.

DAVE MACKEY	Some discussion was had regarding the	salary of the former Chief of

Salary	Police, Dave Mackey, for the month of	September. It was the opinion

of the City Attorney that he could be granted a two weeks vacation
' with pay. Commissioner Clark moved that Dave Mackey be allowed two
weeks salaryofor his vacation period. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux

Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes:	Commissioner Smith.

W. H. WALKER	Commissioner Smith made a motion that W. H. Walker be hired as of

hired - city dump	November 5, 1942 to replace Dick Schwartz at the city dump at a salary

of $150.00 a month. All salvage to go to the city. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RACE TRACT	The report of M. E. Leavitt was read and Commissioner Tinch was

'C appointed to confer with Mr. Cragin relative to charges for main-
taining the race track.

CLOSING OF STREET IN	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the street in front of the city

FRONT OF CITY BARNS	/y barns be closed subject to the approval of the City Attorney. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

GORTNER	Commissioner Clark made a motion that Mr. Gortner be granted the use

Rental of War Memorial ;</of the War Memorial Hall on a Sunday to Sunday basis at a rental of

*$35.00 per night. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,and His

Honor voting aye. Commissioner Tinch passed. Noes, none.

MUNICIPAL JUDGE CHECK	Commissioner Smith made a motion that we accept the check of the

for fines - October	^ municipal judge in the sum of $4,234.00 covering fines for the month

T of October. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LETTER REGARDING DR.	A letter was read from the Chief of Police, Don Borax, relative to the

J. C. CHERRY	t^city physician, Dr. J. C. Cherry. Commissioner Smith made a motion

that a copy of this letter be referred to the Board of Trustees of the Cls
Clark County General Public Hospital, the Board of County Commissioners
and the Clark County Las Vegas Health Department, to the War Price
Rationing Board at Las Vegas, and to Dr. Cherry, and ask them for their
cooperation in solving this problem. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

J. A. WILLIAMS	Commissioner Clark moved that the board sanction the action of

Leave of absence	Commissioner Rubidoux allowing J. A. Williams a leave of absence without

t pay to fitit his son who is in the armed forces of the United States
^ before leaving for foreign duty. Motion Seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

VERNON YOUNG	Commissioner Tinch moved that Vernon Young be hired as a lineman

hired - lineman	^at $180.00 a month to replace Thomas Walsh. Motion seconded by Commission

er Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PURCHASE OF 100 POLE LINE Commissioner Rubidoux moved for the approval of the purchase of 100

BRACKETS	tApole line brackets as an emergency for $75.40 from the Standard

Wholesale Company. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, and Tinch voting

aye. Passed:	Commissioner Smith and His Honor. Noes, none.

^P^C^SE OF TRANSFORMER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Board approve the purchase of a

HOUSE CABINET	.transformer house cabinet for $39.20. Motion seconded by Commissioner

'Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

and Tinch voting aye. Passed:	Commissioner Smith and His Honor,

Mayor Garrison. Noes, none.

JOSEPH ROWLES CAFE	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of Jay Robb

Gaming	for a slot machine license at 418 E & Madison be granted. Motion

yseconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.
DICK'S BAR	 Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Dick Gard for

Gaming	a draw poker game at 118 North First Street be denied. Motion

Seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

SPIC & SPAN SHOP	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of Lester Goldring

Gaming	to operate four slot machines at 129 East Fremont Avenue be granted.

  Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting

aye. Commissioner Tinch passed. Noes, none.

SLOT MACHINE	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Harry L. Samet

Gaming	at the Slot Machine at 101 East Fremont Avenue for a 01¢ slot 

  machine be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

FRANK LANCASTER	The application of Frank Lancaster for a slot machine license

Gaming	  at Snyder's Underpass Store on Bonanza Road was held up pending

 court action.

EIGHT BALL BAR	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the application of Abe

Gaming	 Proloff of the Eight Ball Bar at 117 North First Street for a

  slot machine license be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SEWELS GROCERY	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the application of Sewells

Gaming	  Grocery Store at 309 Fremont Street for renewal of slot machine

license be held up pending an investigation and that the machines
be turned to the wall until a license is obtained. Motion died
for want of a second. Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the
application of Sewells Grocery Store at 309 Fremont for renewal
of slot machine license be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, and His Honor voting aye. Noes: Commissioner
Tinch.

MOETAUB CAFE	The application of C. R. Millhizer for a slot machine license at

Gaming	 the Moetaub Cafe at First and Ogden was not considered as it did

not comply with the city gaming ordinance.

LINCOLN AUTO COURT    Commissioner Clark moved that the application of L. P. Lawrence
Gaming	for a slot machine license at the Lincoln Auto Court at 1502

South Fifth Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ANNIE ROONEY CHILE    Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of Jay

PARLOR	 Robb for a slot machine license at Annie Rooney Chile Parlor at

Gaming	508 Jackson Street be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark,
 Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BELVEDERE GARDENS	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of C. R.

Gaming	 Millhizer for a slot machine license at the Belvedere Gardens

  at H. and Harrison be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
 Rubidoux and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

ANNIE ROONEY CHILE	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of C. R. Millhizer

PARLOR	for a dice table at Annie Rooney's Chile Parlor at 508 Jackson

Gaming	 Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and

carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ANNIE ROONEY CHILE	  Commissioner Clark moved that the application of C. R. Millhizer

PARLOR	  for a slot machine license at the Annie Rooney Chile Parlor at 508 

Gaming	 Jackson Street be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch

and carried by the following votes Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NEVADA CAFE	The application of Theodore Michelon for a slot machine license

Gaming	  at the Nevada Cafe at 113 North First Street for the third and

fourth quarters were ordered held up pending court action and the
machines ordered turned to the wall.

MONTGOMERY RESTAURANT  Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of C. B.

Gaming	   Eisenberg for a slot machine license at the Montgomery Restaurant

at 614 South Fifth Street be granted. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, and His Honor voting aye. Noes: 

Commissioner Tinch.

CLARK MARKET	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of Mark S.

Gaming	Schulman for licenses for five slot machines at the Clark Market

  at 1500 East Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners Clark, Smith,
Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
APACHE HOTEL	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of R. R.

Gaming	Russell for a license for three slot machines at the Apache

 Hotel at Second and Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner
Tinch.

EMERGENCY LOAN	Commissioner Clark moved that a Resolution he prepared for the purpose

2nd.	of obtaining an additional emergency loan in the sum of $20,600.00.

That Notice of Motion to show Intention to make Emergency Loan be
published in the Las Vegas Evenening Review Journal on the 5th and
12 of November and that November 23rd, at the hour of 7:30 P. M. ,
at the Council Chamber of the City Commission be set for hearing
protests on same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	Commissioner Smith moved that the Resolution heretofore made regarding

1st.	the $75,000 emergency loan be rescinded and offer acceptance of bids

for a loan of up to $75,000,if necessary, with the provision that bids
specify what their terms of interest are, together with requirements of
city to submit satisfactory documents that will satisfy them. Further
that they furnish a certified check with their bid. Motion died for
want of a second.

Thereafter, Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until November l6th, 1942
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 16, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of November,

	1942, Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., by his Honor, Mayor Howell C.

Garrison with the following members present: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor.

A. W. Blackman, city auditor. Purchasing Agent, Le Roy Whipple and city clerk Helen Scott
Reed. Acting City Attorney, Harve C. Dickerson. Absent: Commissioners Clark and Tinch.

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved as read.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Earl Davis be hired as sewer inspector at a salary of
per week from Nov. 9th to 15th inclusive. Thereafter, at a salary of $50 per week

            and an allowance of 5¢ per mile for gasoline, and not to exceed 100 miles per week.	

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GUNNERY SCHOOL	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of the Gunnery

use of chairs, etc. School for the use of the chairs in the War Memorial Hall,

and the bleacher seats and the piano in the Hall be granted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BARNEY BURGER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Barney Burger be paid out of	the 

Transferred	Police department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and	carried

to police	by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his	Honor

payroll	voting aye. Noes, none.

FUEL OIL	Bids from the following firms on fuel oil were opened at this time:

Bids	Cardinal and Pessetti 7½¢. Western Heating and Sanitary Company 

8¼¢ per gallon. Nevada National Ice Company 8¼¢ a gallon. Commissioner
Smith moved that the bid of Cardinal and Pessetti be accepted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith was appointed to sign vouchers for Commissioners
Clark and Tinch.

FLOOR POLISHER	A bid was received from Nicholas Pavelick on a floor waxer in the sum

Bid	of $225.00. The matter was tabled.

C. W. JORGENSEN	Commissioner	Rubidoux moved	that the recommendations of	J. A. Fleming

Claim	regarding a settlement with Mr. Jorgensen on the work on the West Wing

of the War Memorial Building be accepted and approved. Motion seconded 

by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Harlan T. Brown's report was read and accepted.

LEE	SIMPSON	Commissioner	Smith moved that the request of	Lee	Simpson to lease

lease	certain land	from the city	be granted, when	and	if the	city acquires 

said property from the County of Clark. That said land be leased for
a period of ten years at $100 per year. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GARTSIDE PROPERTY	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the cost of demolishing the Gartside

demolition	 and Murry properties be charged to the Street Department. Motion seconded

MURRY PROPERTY	by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MOTOR GRADER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the street superintendent be granted

tire	 authority to have a damaged tire for the motor grader repaired and to

purchase 1 1400 x 20 tire and tube. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith
and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SETTER DISPOSAL PLANT  Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed agreement for the sewerage
Agreement	disposal plant site be resubmitted to the Las Vegas Land & Water

 Company with a request that the documents be redrafted to incorporate
the provisions attached which have been prepared by the city attorney
and city engineer. Making the nexessary alterations in compliance
therewith. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

ROBERT BALL	Commissioner Smith moved that Robert Ball be hired in the engineering

engineering dept.  department to replace Howard Ball. Motion seconded by Commissioner

 Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux
Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

INSPECTOR SEWER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized

Contract	to execute that certain contract between the United States of America

 and the city of Las Vegas regarding the employment of an inspector of
 sewers. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

TRAILER COURTS	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendations of the Health

Sewer connections	Department that all trailers be requested to hook up to the sewer system

be approved and that the city attorney be instructed to amend said
  trailer ordinance accordingly. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BUILDING CODE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city attorney be instructed to

Amend Ordinance	prepare an amendment to the Building Code covering the recommendations

 as set forth in Mr. Brown's report of November 16th. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Clark County- Las Vegas

Report              Health Department be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux

and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing
of cash to meet the payroll of the city employees and other current 

       expenses of operating the city government under the 1942 budget, pending

the collection of the tax levy, 1942, the quarterly installment of which
will begin December, 1942, and	

WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an emergency
loan;

IT IS THE INTENTION of the Board of city commissioners of the city
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to declare that there exists a
great necessity and emergency to meet the payroll and the current expenses
of operating the city government and to request the State Board of
 Finance of the State of Nevada to grant to the city of Las Vegas
authority to borrow an emergency loan of seventy-five thousand dollars
($75,000.00) (or whatever part thereof the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow) at
an interest rate not to exceed eight per cent per annum (8%); and to
provide in the subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof,
both principal and interest, in accordance with the provisions of the
Statutes of the State of Nevada.

IT IS THE INTENTION OF the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas to vote on the adoption of the Resolution to secure the above
described emergency loan on the 8th day of September, 1942, at the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, at 7:30 P.M., at which time
any persons wishing to object to the adoption of such Resolution are
invited to appear and voice such objection.

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

By:	Howell C. Garrison

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed.
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GARTSIDE PROPERTY	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the cost of demolishing the Gartside

demolition	and Murry properties be charged to the Street Department. Motion seconded

MURRY PROPERTY	by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MOTOR GRADER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the street superintendent be granted

tire	 authority to have a damaged tire for the motor grader repaired and to

purchase 1 1400 x 20 tire and tube. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith
and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SEWER DISPOSAL PLANT   Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed agreement for the sewerage
Agreement	disposal plant site be resubmitted to the Las Vegas Land & Water

 Company with a request that the documents be redrafted to incorporate
the provisions attached which have been prepared by the city attorney 

and city engineer. Making the nexessary alterations in compliance
therewith. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

ROBERT BALL	Commissioner Smith moved that Robert Ball be hired in the engineering

engineering dept.  department to replace Howard Ball. Motion seconded by Commissioner

 Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux
Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

INSPECTOR SEWER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized

Contract	to execute that certain contract between the United States of America

and the city of Las Vegas regarding the employment of an inspector of
 sewers. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

TRAILER COURTS	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendations of the Health

Sewer connections	Department that all trailers be requested to hook up to the sewer system

be approved and that the city attorney be instructed to amend said
 trailer ordinance accordingly. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BUILDING CODE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city attorney be instructed to

Amend Ordinance	prepare an amendment to the Building Code covering the recommendations

 as set forth in Mr. Brown's report of November 16th. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Clark County- Las Vegas

Report	   Health Department be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux

     and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

	R E SOLUTION

WHEREAS heretofore the Board of the City commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas gave notice of intention to vote on an emergency loan, which
notice was as follows:

NOTICE OF INTENTION TO VOTE ON A RESOLUTION TO SECURE AN EMERGENCY

LOAN.

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing
of cash to meet the payroll of the city employees and other current 

expenses of operating the city government under the 1942 budget, pending
the collection of the tax levy, 1942, the quarterly installment of which
will begin December, 1942, and	

WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an emergency
loan;

IT IS THE INTENTION of the Board of city commissioners of the city
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to declare that there exists a
great necessity and emergency to meet the payroll and the current expenses
of operating the city government and to request the State Board of
Finance of the State of Nevada to grant to the city of Las Vegas
authority to borrow an emergency loan of seventy-five thousand dollars
($75,000.00) (or whatever part thereof the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow) at
an interest rate not to exceed eight per cent per annum (8%); and to
provide in the subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof,
both principal and interest, in accordance with the provisions of the
Statutes of the State of Nevada.

IT IS THE INTENTION OF the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas to vote on the adoption of the Resolution to secure the above
described emergency loan on the 8th day of September, 1942, at the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, at 7:30 P.M., at which time
any persons wishing to object to the adoption of such Resolution are
invited to appear and voice such objection.

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

By:	Howell C. Garrison

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed.
AND WHEREAS, said notice was duly published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published in the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, in the issue of said newspaper of August 22, 1942,
the affidavit of publication thereof, being on file in the office of the
City Clerk, of this City.

AND WHEREAS, at the time specified in said notice, which time was 17
days after the publication of said notice, to-wit:	At the recessed

regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held on the 8th
day of September, 1942, at the hour of 7:30 8'clock, p.m., at which
meeting a quorum was present, the following resolution was unanimously
adopted:

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing
of cash to meet the payroll of the City employees and other current
expenses of operating the city government under the 1942 budget, pending
the collection of the tax levy, 1942, the quarterly installment of which
will begin December, 1942.

AND, WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an
emergency loan:

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners that
said city do borrow the sum of Seventy five thousand ($75,000.00)

Dollars, (or whatever part thereof the Board of City Commissioners
of the city of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow) at
an interest rate of not to exceed eight per cent (8%) per annum; and do
provide in the subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof
both principal and interest within the period of two and one-half
years from the date of borrowing said sum; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are
hereby authorized and empowered to make, execute and deliver such
promissory note or notes as may be necessary from time to time to
carry into effect this RESOLUTION; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk execute and deliver the
necessary certified copy of this Resolution to be sent to the State
Board of Finance.

AND, WHEREAS a certified copy of the foregoing Resolution was for-
warded by the said City Clerk to the State Board of Finance, at Carson
City, Nevada, for its approval,

AND WHEREAS, at a regular meeting of the State Board of Finance, held
at Carson City, Nevada on the 15th day of September, 1942, a certain
Resolution "authorizing Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, to make temporary emergency loan" was unanimously
adopted and a certified copy of said Resolution was transmitted by the
Secretary of the State Board of Finance to said Board of City 

Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, in order that the same
may be recorded in the Minutes of the Meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, as provided by law

AND WHEREAS, said certified copy of said Resolution of the Said State
Board of Finance is as follows, to-wit:

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE
Meeting held September 15, 1942

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark

 TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, it being made to ap ear to the satisfaction of the State Board
of Finance, duly called and met in session under and pursuant to the 

provisions of that certain Act of the Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act
Regulating the Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts
and other Governmental agencies,” approved March 22, 1917, as amended, that a
great necessity or emergency has arisen in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that necessity now exists for authorizing the
obtaining of a temporary loan by and on the part of the Board of City
Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, for the purpose of
meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by the preamble and resolution
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, duly called and held on the 8th day of September,
1942, authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set forth in said resolution,
a duly certified copy of which is now on file and of record in the office of
the State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, it further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said
emergency resolution was duly published according to law; therefore, be it

RESOLVED by the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution of
said Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of Seventy Five Thousand
($75,000.00) Dollars as in said Resolution set forth and authorized,
be and the same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVED, that a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted
by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance to said Board of City
Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, in order that the same
may be recorded in the Minutes of the Meeting of said Board of City
Comm9ssioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark as provided by law.

I, Dan W. Franks, certify that I am the acting secretary of the
State Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true, and
correct copy of a resolution duly adopted by unanimous vote of the
State Board of Finance at a metting held on the 15th day of September, 1942.

Dated this 15th day of September, 1942.

Dan W. Franks

Acting - Secretary of the State Board of
Finance.

AND WHEREAS, said certified copy of said Resolution of said State Board
of Finance is now recorded in the Minutes of the Board,

AND WHEREAS, it is necessary at this time to borrow the sum of
$50,000.00 of the said sum of $75,000.00 so authorized and, WHEREAS,

First National Bank of Nevada, Reno, Nevada, (Las Vegas Branch) has offered
to lend to the City of Las Vegas, the sum of $50,000.00 at an interest
rate of three and one-half (3½%) per cent per annum, payable 

semiannually for a term of two and one-half (2½) years from the date of said
loan,

Now, therefore, BE IT RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, borrow from First National Bank of Nevada, Reno, Nevada, the sum
of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars for the purpose of meeting the
necessity and emergency now existing, to-wit: to meet the payroll of
the city employees and other current expenses of the City Government,
under the 1942 budget, pending the collection of the tax levy, 1942.

And be It FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and the City Clerk be
and they are hereby authorized and directed to execute for and on behalf
of the city of Las Vegas as evidence of said loan, a promissory note to
First National Bank of Nevada, Reno, Nevada, for the sum of $50,000.00
with interest thereon at the rate of 3½% per annum, interest payable
semi-annually, and principal payable on or before two and one-half years
from the date of said loan,

and be It FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk furnish to said Bank
a certified copy of all Minutes of this Board Relative to said emergency
loan, including a certfied copy of this Resolution,

be it FURTHER RESOLVED that all previous Resolutions adopted by
this Board relating to said emergency loan, be and the same are hereby
ratified and approved.

The foregoing Resolution and recitals were read aloud to the Board.

Commissioner Smith moved the adoption of the foregoing recitals and
resolutions. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor, the Mayor

Howell C. Garrison.

Voting no:	None.

TRAFFIC METERS	 Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized

Contract cancelled  to execute the form of release submitted by the Duncan Meter Corporation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance Vacating the Southerly Seventy-Five

closing alley	feet of the Alley Running Northerly and Southerly Through Block Number

Fifteen in Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, for Police Department Purposes" was read to the Board
for the first time. Commissioner Smith moved the approval of said
Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.



 TWA LEASE	 The clerk was instructed to write to the TWA regarding lease on space

at the Airport Administration Building and also to mail them a bill for
two months rent.

USO - SITE

	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that, on the recommendation of the city

condemnation	attorney, the city default in the action of condemnation filed in the

 United States District Court regarding the site of the USO building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MANDALAY BAR

gaming	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application for a gaming license

the Mandalay Bar at 111 Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WESTSIDE CAFE

 Jay Rob 	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Jay Robb for a slot

machine license at D & Madison be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
 Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith
and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NEVADA CAFE

gaming	COMMISSIONER SMITH MOVED THAT THE application of Theodore Michelos for

	 slot machine license at 113 N. 1st Street for the 3rd and 4th quarters

be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.
PEARLEE ADAMS	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Pearlee Adams for

gaming	a gaming license at 224 N. 1st Street be referred to the police

department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

PLAYLAND	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of George G. Parry for

gaming	a slot machine license at 131 S. 1st Street be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners	

Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The following applications were referred to the Police Department	

for further investigation:	Snyder's Grocery Store, Westside; Joseph

Rowles Cafe, 418 Madison & E., Westside; C. R. Millhizer 508 Jackson St.

SEWELL'S STORE	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Sewell's Grocery Store

Wholesale beverage	for a wholesale beverage license be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith 

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TOWER SERVICE STAT.	Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of the Tower Service Station

claim	for $44.36 be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and 

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his 

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

McDANIEL GOODWIN MOTOR Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of McDaniel Goodwin Motor 

Co.	Company in the sum of $48.45 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner

claim	Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GOLF COURSE	Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for 600# of grass seed for

bids - grass seed the golf course. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

HUNTRIDGE SUBDIVISION In response to a letter from Francis T. Eisenman, Jr., Commissioner

TRACT #3.	Smith moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized to execute 

corrected map.	a corrected map of Huntridge Subdivision Tract #3, provided it meets

with the approval of the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NORTHERN CLUB	A letter was read pertaining to race horse books signed by C. S. Berry.

racehorse book	Commissioner Smith moved that it be referred to the city attorney with

instructions to make an investigation and determine what, if any, action

can be taken by the city commissioners to prevent the possible monopoly
of race horse books in the city. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MRS. ROZINNI	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the permission heretofore granted to

cemetery lot.	Mrs. Rozinni to purchase a cemetery lot on the installment plan be

rescinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

PUBLIC SERVICE COMM.	Commissioner Smith moved that the Public Service Commission be granted the

use of hall	use of the council chamber November 20th and 21st. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

diesel

GASOLENE & FUEL OIL	Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for gasoline and diesel fuel oil. 

bids let	 Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that this meeting recess until November 23rd, 1942 at the hour of 7:30

P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.	

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 23, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 23rd day of November
1942. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Rubidoux and Smith. Acting city attorney

Harvey Dickerson. Purchasing Agent, Le Roy Whipple and city clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
Commissioners Clark and Tinch.

Minutes of the previous meeting were tabled until the next regular meeting.

There being no protests filed against the proposed emergency loan the following Resolution was
presented for consideration.

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency to: (1) provide an additional motorcycle
and automobile for the Police Department; (2) provide for a paid Fire Department; (3) provide
for Civilian Defense; (4) provide for the purchase of additional land at McCarran Field; (5)
provide for so
Resolution	provide for construction of a sewer lateral; (6) provide for an

2nd emergency loan automobile for the Recreation Department; (7) and provide for 

additional insurance; - all in addition to the provisions made
heretofore in the 1942 City Budget of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

AND WHEREAS, the only way these expenditures can be met is through
an emergency loan:

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners that
said city do borrow the sum of Twenty thousand six hundred ($20,600.00)
Dollars, at an interest rate of not to exceed eight per cent (8%) per
annum; and do provide in the subsequent annual budgets for the re-
payment thereof both principal and interest within the period of two
and one-helf years from the date of borrowing said sum; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are
hereby authorized and empowered to make, execute and deliver such pro-
missory note or notes and records of proceedings as may be necessary
from time to time to carry into effect this Resolution; and

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City Clerk execute and deliver the necessary
certified copy of this Resolution to be sent to the State Board of
Finance.

The foregoing Resolution was read aloud and adopted at the regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners on the 23rd day of November, A.D. 1942.

Voting aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Tinch.

HANNAFORD & TALBOT     A bid from Hannaford & Talbot, of San Francisco, California on the

Bid	emergency loan was opened at this time. As bids had not been advertised

for the loan the Clerk was directed to return the bids to said company
  informing them that invitations to bid would be forwarded them at the
proper time.

PLUMBING PERMITS	A bid from the Service Printers on plumbing permits was opened at this

Bid	time. It being the only bid received. A bid on pawn brokers daily

report was received from Service Printers. Said bids being as follows:
Plumbing permits:	2000 - $23.90	2500 - $28.75

  Pawn Brokers daily reports - 50 pads - $49.95 Commissioner Rubidoux
moved that 10,000 sets of plumbing permits be ordered and 50 pads of
pawnbrokers daily report forms be ordered from Service Printers. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Com-
missioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CEMETERY DEPT.	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Sexton at the cemetery be authorized

retread tires       to have 5 tires retreaded for the Chevrolet pickup at a cost not to

exceed $40. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

BERT GIBBS	The claim of Bert Gibbs of $48.50 for work done at the Golf Course was

claim	presented and ordered tabled.

C. W. JORGENSEN	The claim of C. W. Jorgensen was presented in the sum of $4,051.46

 covering balance on west wing of the War Memorial Building. Commissioner
Smith moved that the motion heretofore made regarding this matter
appearing on Page 33, Book 5, be rescinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a warrant be drawn in favor of C. W.
Jorgensen in the sum of $4,051.46 in full payment for work on the West
Wing of the War Memorial Building and that the architect be allowed
his percentage based upon the contractor’s full charges. And that
the city accept said West Wing Addition. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SEWER DEPT.	Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed Interim Agreement between

Interum Agreement  the Government of the United States and the City of Las Vegas be approved

and adopted and the Mayor and city clerk authorized to execute same as
of the 16th of November, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ENGINEERING DEPT.	A letter was read from Mr. Brown regarding mileage for the different

mileage	inspectors in his department. His Honor stated that he had a communication

from Leon Henderson regarding such matters and that as soon as he had
gone over the information thoroughly he would so inform Mr. Brown.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT	A Report from the Health Department for the month of October was ordered

Report	 filed.

GAMING APPLICATIONS    The following gaming applications were presented:	Snyder’s Store,

renewals	West Side; Paralee Adams, 224 N. 1st; Joseph Rowles, 418 Madison & E;

  Mrs. Ann Herbert - 508 Jackson Street. Commissioner Smith moved that
they be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.


DICTAPHONE	Commissioner Smith moved that the city purchase a second hand dictaphone,

shaver and transcriber with 12 records from Office Equipment for $600.00 

said outfit to carry a one year guarantee and to be in first class condition.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITOR-PURCHASING     Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Commissioner Smith be authorized to hire
AGENT - combined	a man to do the auditing and purchasing for the city of Las Vegas and that

the duties be combined. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

VEGAS VILLAGE	Commissioner Smith moved that the city approve the proposed plat of

Vegas Village subject to the definite approval of the city engineer together
with the approval of the county commissioners. That the Joint-Planning
Commission also approve said plat. Further that the Mayor and city clerk
be authorized to sign said plat when said approvals were obtained. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WAR MEMORIAL BLDG.	Commissioner Smith moved that the street superintendent be authorized to

janitor -	hire a janitor for the War Memorial Building at a salary of $150.00 per

month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITORIUM	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the War Memorial auditorium be rented

to the Post Office for the period covering December 15, to 31st inclusive
at $10 per day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and his Honor voting aye.

Noes ,none.

MIKE LEAVITT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. E. Leavitt be granted a leave	

Leave	of absence from November 5th at noon until November 28th inclusive.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

FIRE DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that additional men be hired in the fire department

hiring	to bring their number to 18 firemen and 4 captains making a total of 22 men.

That as soon as hired their names and ratings be submitted to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until December 4th, 1942 at the hour of 7:30
P. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
DECEMBER 4, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of December, 1942.

Meeting called to order by H is Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.,
with the following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. Acting

City Attorney Harvey C. Dickerson. Purchasing Agent, LeRoy Whipple. City Auditor, A. W.

Blackman and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of meetings of November 16th and 23rd were read and approved as read.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that vouchers 759 to 766 inclusive, with the exception of
750 and 751 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners, Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Motion carried.

VOLUNTARY FIRE	James Down Jr., a member of the volunteer fire department, appeared

DEPARTMENT	before the Board and outlined a program they had made. His Honor Mayor 

Howell C. Garrison appointed Commissioners Clark and Smith to meet with
members of the fire department to discus their plan and make a reference
at the next regular meeting.

GASOLINE	Bids on gasoline from the following firms were opened at this time. Shell

BID	Oil Co. 16½¢ a gallon, Standard Oil Co., 15½¢ a gallon, Mobile Gas 16½¢ a

gallon, Mobilene 13¢ a gallon, Union Oil 15½¢ a gallon, Gilmore Oil

Co., 13.72 a gallon. The bids were ordered pending our study. Cardinal 
and Pisetta submitted a bid on motorcycle gas at 20½¢ a gallon, diesel oil

7¢ a gallon. Commissioner Smith moved that Gilmore Oil Co. be awarded the
bid on motorcycle gas at 20½¢ a gallon and diesel oil at 7¢ a gallon. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and approved by the following vote,
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none. Motion Carried.
STREET	The report of M. E. Leavitt, Street Superintendent was read. Commissioner

DEPARTMENT	Tinch moved that the truck at the disposal plant be turned over to the

 Street Department for use in carrying shop equipment. The truck to also
haul food to the dogs at the dog pound, and to carry away dead dogs.

Motion, seconded by Commissioner Smith. After some discussion, Commissioner
Tinch withdrew his motion with the consent of the second. The matter was
ordered investigated ana a report made at the next regular meeting.

GRASS SEED	Several invitations to bid on grass were sent out, but only one returned

BID	from Porter and Walton, who submitted the following prices. Two hundred

Golf Course	pounds of Red Grass at 16¢ a pound, two hundred pounds of Coo’s Best Grass

seed at 65¢ a pound, two hundred ponnds of Perennial Rye Grass at 21½¢ a
pound. Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of Porter and Walton be 

  accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, None. Commissioner Smith passed..Motion carried.

STREET	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for traffic lacquer. Two 

DEPARTMENT	hundred and fifty gallons of white. Two hundred and fifty gallons of yellow.

Bids on traffic	 One hundred gallons of red or a substitute. Further that Mr. Leavitt 

lacquer	furnish a list of all tools needed to the purchasing agent on bids to let, 

or same not to exceed $50.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion Carried.

ENGINEERING	The report of the City Engineer was read and filed. Commissioner Clark

DEPARTMENT	moved that the City Engineer be authorized to notify property owners to

Report	 move their fences back to the property line. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion carried.

INSPECTORS	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for cars for the plumbing, and

CARS	building Inspectors. Motion died for the want of a second. The Mayor 

Bids	instructed the Inspectors to turn in gas and repair bills, incurred while

on duty for the City.

CLAIM	Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of Frank Peabody for $14.66, and

Frank Peabody	the claim of E. C. Hormick for $12.66 be allowed. Motion seconded by

E. C. Hormick	 Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and H is Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion
carried.

CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of Nevada Electric covering a radio

Nevada Electric	 for the Police Department for the sum of $34.95 be allowed. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, None.

Motion carried.

CLAIM	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of the Connelly Electric Co. for

Connelly Electric    the sum of $30.35 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and

Co.    carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion carried.

CITY JAIL	Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for fifty blankets for the City

BIDS	Jail. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following

Blankets	vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting

aye. Noes, None. Motion carried.

POLICE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for forms recommended by	the

DEPARTMENT	F.B.I. to establish a new system for the Police Department. This bid to

F.B.I. Form	 cover the following 25,000 of Form 1, 5,000 of Form 2, and 2,500 of Form

5. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye, Noes, N one. Motion carried.

FILING CABINET	Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for filing cabinet to accomadate

the foregoing forms. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. N oes, None. Motion carried.

TAVERN	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Board of City Commissioners meet	with

Closing	Hours	the County Commissioners, Saturday, December the Fifth, at 4:00 P.M.,	to

   go over the matter of establishing opening and closing hours for gambling
and liquor houses. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, None. Motion carried.

J. R. HEMPHILL	Commissioner Smith moved that J. R. Hemphill be appointed Auditor and Pur-

City Auditor	chasing Agent for the City of Las Vegas as of 12:01 A. M., December the

and	  Fifth at a salary of $200.00 per. month. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Purchasing Agent	Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, Hone. Motion
carried

AIRPORT ADMINISTRA-    Commissioner Smith moved that the report of A. L. Worswick, architect for
TION BUILDING	the airport administration building be accepted as submitted. And that

warrants 766-50 and 766-51 be allowed. Motion died for want of a second.
MRS. LAMON	Commissioner Clark moved that Mrs.	LaMon be hired as a deputy in the City

Deputy City	Clerk's office to fill the vacancy	of Lois Fisher. That appointment to take

Clerk	effect as of December the seventh,	1942 at the salary of $140.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,

N one. Motion carried.

LICENSE	Commissioner Smith moved that Lynn Botts take over the duties formerly per-

COLLECTOR	formed by Mr. Sargent, in connection with the collection of license, 

City Clerk's Office  provided Commissioner Clark finds that Mr. Sargent is not employed full time in

the Fire Department, Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote. Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

ELECTRIC	Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let on certain electrical supplies, re

DEPARTMENT	quested by Mr. Drew.	Motion seconded	by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried

Bids let	by the following vote.	Commissioners	Clark,	Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

CLEM MALONE	Commissioner Rubidoux	moved that Clem	Malone	be allowed two weeks vacation,

Vacation	with pay beginning as	of December the	13th.	Motion seconded by Commissioner 

Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Smith voting no. Motion carried.

EATHER LEAVITT	Commissioner Clark moved that Eather Leavitt be promoted from Sargeant to

Promotion	Captain of Police at a salary of $220.00 per month beginning as of December

first, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the checks in the sum of  $3,062 from the 

 Municipal Judge covering fine for the month of November be accepted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote. 

Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITOR'S	Mr. Blackman, City Auditor made his report on the audit of the books at this

REPORT	time and presented a claim in the sum of $405.00 for special audit work. A

great deal was held regarding said claim, and it was held over

until the next meeting.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

RESOLUTION

RESOLVED that on and after the date of the adoption of this Resolution no
additional positions or jobs to those now in existence under the authority
of the City of Las Vegas shall be created or filled by appointment, or 

salaries paid therefor, without the unanimous consent of the Board of Commissioners,
and the Mayor and Finance Commissioner are instructed and authorized to 

disapprove any vouchers for the payment of salaries allocated to any such 

additional jobs or positions which do not carry such authorization, provided, 

however, that this resolution shall not apply to the filling of any position or
job already in existence under the authority of the City of Las Vegas by the
appointment of a new employee at the same rate of compensation.

All resolutions heretofore enacted which contravene the terms, intents, and
purposes of this resolution are hereby rescinded and repealed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the fore going resolution be adopted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote. 

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner
Smith passed. Voting no, none.

B.M.I.	Commissioner Tinch moved that the request of Mr. Petrie, School 

FLOODLIGHTS	Superintendent at B.M.I. for permission to use two floodlights for presentation of

school plays be granted, and that they be returned in the same condition as
received. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor 

voting aye. Noes, none.

LEROY WHIPPLE	A letter of resignation was read from LeRoy Whipple. Commissioner Smith

RESIGNATION	moved that said letter of resignation from LeRoy Whipple be accepted, and that

the City Clerk be authorized to employ a substitute. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



ORDINANCE NO. 280	An Ordinance entitled, An Ordinance vacating the Southerly seventy five (75)

Second Reading	feet of the alley running, northerly and southerly through Block No. 15 in	

Clark, Las Vegas townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for
Police Department purposes was read to the Board for the second time. 

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing ordinance be adopted and approved. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

RESOLUTION	A certain resolution was presented for consideration relative to the hiring of

men. Commissioner Tinch moved that this resolution be revised and resubmitted
to the Board at their next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
ORDINANCES	Commissioner Smith moved that all propsed ordinances be submitted to the

Commissioners for study before presenting to the Board. Motion seconded
 by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION	Commissioner Tinch moved that the foregoing Resolution be rescinded, 

RESCINDED	redrafted and submitted at the next regular meeting. Commissioner Clark

seconded the motion and was carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GUNNERY 	 A letter was read from Colonel Martinus Stenseth, requesting title to the

SCHOOL	 tower at the gunnery school, in order that it maybe used at Indian Springs

Airway Beacon	Airport. Commissioner Smith moved that his request be granted. Motion

Tower	seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and was carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

At the hour of 11:20,  Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until 7:30 P.M., 

December 16, 1942.    Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark,  Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes. none.

	Las Vegas, Nevada

December 16, 1942





At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held the 16th day of December, 1942.
Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with
the following members present, Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch, Purchasing Agent,
LeRoy Whipple, acting City Attorney, Harvey C. Dickerson and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the meeting of December the 4th, were read and approved as read.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 767 to 770 inclusive be approved, and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to execute same. The motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and 

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor 

voting aye. Noes, none.

GASOLINE BIDS	It appearing that the bid of Mobilene Gas was the lowest bid submitted.

AWARDED	Commissioner Smith moved that the bid from the Oil and Gas Distributors

Inc. of Mobilene Gas at 13¢ a gallon be accepted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

  LAMP BID	Bids from the following firms, Luce and Goodfellow, Standard Wholesale

AWARDED	and Nevada Electric Co. on the lamp contracts for the year 1943, were

opened at this time. Comissioner Rubidoux moved that the Standard 

Wholesale be In line to receive the contract for 1943, be allowed the contract
on the basis of 28% plus 2% cash discount. Motion seconded by commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
and Tinch voting aye. Commissioner Smith and His Honor Mayor Howell C.
Garrison passed. Noes, none.

  AMMETER BIDS	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let on an Ammeter for the Electrical

LET	Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, Clark and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

BID ON TIRES	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for tires 700X20 ten ply and

four tubes, 700 X 20, to be used in the Garbage Department and the Street
Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch, and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none

SWEEPER	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be allowed to purchase

REPAIR	repairs for the sweeper truck in the amount of $238.36. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GARBAGE ORDI-	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Street Superintendent be granted 

 NANCE REPORT	permission to put a notice in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal to the effect

that the City of Las Vegas is going to enforce the Garbage Ordinance. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. 

Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux, Clark, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MECHANIC	Commissioner Smith moved that Mr. Shay be hired as a mechanic in the Street

HIRED	Department, commencing as of the 12th day of December, 1942, at a salary of

$180.00 a month, and further that the Board of City Commissioners approve
the hiring of H. W. Ball as Janitor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch,

Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LICENSE	Commissioner Tinch stated that Mr. Botts is to busy in the Garbage 

COLLECTOR	Department to take over the duties of license collector In the City Clerk's office.
HAROLD CASE	Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Harold Case for $37.32 he 

CLAIM	approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote. Commissioner Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

 VOLUNTEER FIRE	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the present volunteer fire department

DEPARTMENT	be retained at an estimated cost of $5,000 per year, effective as of 

December the 1st, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote. Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. 

Commissioner Smith and His Honor Mayor Howell C. Garrison passed. Noes, none.

 C. SARGENT	Commissioner Clark made a motion that Mr. Sargent be put back in the Clerk's

DUTIES	office, collecting licenses part time and part time in the Fire Department 

as Fire Marshall. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the action taken at the last meeting relative to the License 

 Collector be rescinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none*

 CLERK OF THE	Commissioner Clark moved that he be authorized to hire a woman in the Police

COURT	Department at a $150 per month, beginning as	of January the 1st to act as	

Police Dept.	Secretary in the Police Department and Clerk	of the Court, at the Municipal

Court. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

SEWERAGE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved	that bids be let for six 6 inch Tee's, and six

DEPARTMENT	6 inch overall sleeves. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried	

by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



LAS VEGAS LAND	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of the Las	Vegas Land and Water Co. in

AND WATER CO.	the sum of $188.80 for the installation of Tee's in the Mayfair Tract be	

Claim	granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Rubidoux stated that the Las Vegas Land and Water Co. were making water installations in the

Meadows Addition at no cost to the City.

 DISPOSAL PLANT	A letter was read from Fred	Tisdial regarding the Ford pickup truck at the

TRUCK	disposal plant, and its use	there. After some discussion it was decided to 

leave the truck at the disposal plant.

GOLF COURSE	Mr. Tinch made a report on the progress of the Golf Course for the month of

REPORT	November, and October. 

FIRE PLUGS	Mr. Oakie of the Huntridge sub-division, stated that all of his sub-divisions

INSTALLATION	which comprise Huntridge tracts No. 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 will have fire plugs	

installed at no cost to the City*

ENGINEERING	Commissioner Smith moved that the City Commissioners approve and adopt a 

DEPARTMENT	recommendation of the City Engineer in regard to bases for streets of the City

Engineers ruling	of Las Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the	

No. 6	following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none

MARY EILEEN	Commissioner Smith moved that Mary Eileen Auerbach be hired as stenographer

AUERBACH	in the Engineering Department at a salary of $140.00 a month, beginning as 

STENOGRAPHER	of December the 16th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and 

Engineering Dept,	carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The report of the City Engineer was ordered filed.



FIRE DEPARTMENT	The list of paid men on the Fire Department was submitted.

Paid Officers

H.	Case,Chief-----------------------------------250.00

C. C. Sargent   Fire Marshall-------------------200.00

Frank Peabody  Captain--------------------------220.00

L. D. Leavitt  Captain--------------------------220.00

E. S. Leavitt  Captain--------------------------220.00

Captain-------------------------220.00

1.	G. W. Sanford	Fireman----------------------190.00

2.	Frank Allen	Fireman----------------------190.00

3.	Bernard Tolner	Fireman----------------------190.00

4.	C. Freemyer	Fireman----------------------190.00

5.	Owen Lund	Fireman----------------------190.00

6. Charley Guy	Fireman----------------------190.00

7.	Cecil Murry	Fireman----------------------190.00

8.	Vaughn Leavitt	Fireman----------------------190.00

9.	Arlo Beatty	Fireman----------------------190.00

10.	Floyd Sharp	Fireman----------------------190.00

11.	E. D. Helmick	Fireman----------------------190.00

12.	Frank Anderson Fireman-----------------------190.00

13.	Eldred Leavitt	Fireman----------------------190.00

14.	John Barrett	Fireman----------------------190.00

RECOMMENDATION		

PLANNING BOARD	Recommendations from the Planning Board covering the licensing of Doctor Bernkrantz

veterinarian, recommending that he comply with the license Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas, and a recommendation that no one be permitted to hook up
with the sewer system, who lives outside the city limits was presented.

CITY JAIL	A letter from Doctor Morgan, County Health Doctor regarding conditions at

the City Jail was read and ordered filed.

 CITY HOUSE	Commissioner Tinch moved that the house owned by the City in Westside be

RENTAL	rented to Mr. Shay, the City mechanic at the rental heretofore established

by the Board of City Commissioners. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none,

A letter from Mr. E. I. Knight requesting permission to live on his lots on South Eleventh Street

in a tent house, pending favorable action in regards to building by the F.H.A. was read. The
matter was referred to the City Building Inspector.

HEATING AND AIR	Commissioner Clark moved that the	claim	of	the Heating and Air Conditioning

CONDITIONING	Co. In the sum of $929.75 and the	claim	of	A. L. Worswick	in the sum	of

And	$119.40 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by

A. L. WORSWICK	the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His

Claim	Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MR. FARLEY	Commissioner Smith moved that the	claim	of	Mr. Farley for	the return	of	his

CLAIM	$100.00 cash bond as a plumber contractor for the City of	Las Vegas,	be

	refunded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor 

voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that $18.05 be transferred to the petty cash. The claim of Mr. Eaton
 of $105.00 for his salary as of December the 1st, and the claim of Dan Potter for $9.10 for
supplies furnished by him, be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

 A.W.	BLACKMAN	Commissioner Smith moved	that the claim of A.	W. Blackman	in the sum of

CLAIM	$405.00 be held over for	further study, and a	report from	Mr. Smith made	on

it at later date. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Motion carried.

SILVER CLUB	Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the application of the Silver Club

GAMING	for a crap table be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PONY EXPRESS	Commissioner Clark moved	that the application	of the Pony	Express Stages	for

	STAGES	a gaming license at 125 South First Street for the first	quarter of 1943	be

GAMING	allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners, Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

 DAVE STEARNS	Commissioner	Clark made a motion	that the application of Dave Stearns for

LIQUOR LICENSE	a retail tavern liquor license at	15 E. Fremont Avenue for 1943 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Commissioners Smith and
Mayor Garrison passed. Voting no, none.

LAS VEGAS CLUB	Commissioner	Smith moved that the	application of the Las Vegas Club for a

GAMING LICENSE	Faro game at	21 E. Fremont Avenue	for the fourth quarter of 1942 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

ELECTRIC SHINE    Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Electric Shine Parlor
PARLOR	at "D" and Jackson, Westside be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Poker Game	Tinch, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TAXI APPLICATION  The application of Lee Spiers for another taxi was denied because of a
 LEE SPIERS	federal ruling asking municipalities not to issue any further taxi licenses,

and the action taken was as follows; Commissioner Tinch moved that the
taxi application of Lee Spiers be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
and Smith and His Honor voting aye. Commissioner Tinch voting no.

BALL GAME	An application was read requesting permission to operate a ball game on

South First Street. Commissioner Clark moved that said application be
denied. Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. 

Commissioner Tinch voted no.

SEWAGE DISPOSAL	a letter was read from the Las Vegas Land and Water Co.	regarding a supposed

PLANT	agreement to cover the donation of ten acres of land by	the Las Vegas Land

Agreement	and Water Co. to the City of a new disposal plant. The matter was held over

until next meeting, pending a report from the City Engineer.

FLOWER SALE	The application of the National Brotherhood Service Inc. for permission to

sell flowers in Las Vegas on January the 16th, was referred to the Police
Department.

ORDINANCE	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance regulating the keeping and storage of

GASOLINE	gasoline, benzine, kerosene or any product of petroleum, or hydro-carbon

liquids which will flash or emit an inflammable vapor at a temperature 

below 110' Farenheit, in larger than 10 gallon above ground containers
within the City of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the violation
thereof was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Clark
moved the adoption of said proposed Ordinance. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 201", entitled

AMENDING NO. 201 "An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals, and sanitary 

conditions of all places dispensing food and refreshments to the public. 

Providing for the inspection of meats and meat products to be dispensed and 
sold in the City of Las Vegas. Prohibiting the sale and possession of any
uninspected meats for human food. Authorizing the appointment of meat 

inspectors prohibiting the sale of meat and meat products by unlicensed 

establishments and providing a penalty for the violation thereof, was 

presented to the Board for consideration and read for the first time. 

Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said Ordinance. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration.

PROPHYLAXSIS
Station Lease

Resolution

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners, in regular meeting assembled,
that the lease entered into between the City of Las Vegas and the United
States Government, entered into for the period beginning July 1st, 1942, to
June the 30th, 1943, for the rent of a room in the Las Vegas Police Station
at a monthly rental of ($15.00) Fifteen Dollars per month, payable each and
every month beginning with July 1st, 1942, be and the same hereby is 

approved, and be it

FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Chief of Police be directed to arrange for the
occupation of this room by the United States Medical Corps and that the City
Clark be directed to advise the Division Engineer of the War Department at	

Los Angeles, California, that said room is available.	

Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the foregoing Resolution. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MCQUAY	Upon the recommendation of the City Attorney, Commissioner Smith moved that

SUPPLY CO.	the claim of the McQuay Supply Co. for the refund of a $100.00 cash bond put

up for Mr. Brockmiller as a plumbing contractor be refunded under the terms 

heretofore agreed to. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Clark was out of the room.

PURCHASING	The following letter was presented by Mr. Smith.

AGENT

December 12, 1942

Mr. LeRoy Whipple - Purchasing Agent
City

Dear Sir:

November 23, I was authorized to open negotiations for the purpose of 

employing someone to perform the combined duties of auditor and purchasing
agent for the city.



As a result of this authorization I engaged Mr. John R. Hemphill to 

perform the dual services for the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Hemphill resigned the office of Purchasing Agent - Auditor by telephone
to the City Clerk, stating that same would be confirmed by letter later.

In view of the foregoing in consideration of mutual consent between 

yourself and I and exercising authority as mentioned above it is my pleasure
to advise you that you are on this date December 12, 1942 authorized to
serve as purchasing agent and auditor until further definite arrangements
are made.

Sincerely yours,

A. F. Smith, Sr.,

Commissioner of Finance and Revenue

PS It is understood of course that the salary of $110.00 paid to our former
auditor, shall be added to your salary as purchasing agent on a pro rate
basis to cover period of service.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the resignation of Jack Hemphill be
accepted, and the temporary appointment of LeRoy Whipple as Purchasing
Agent and Auditor be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith made a report on the cost of food at the Police Jail.

MRS. MCNAMEE

Service Men	Commissioner Smith made a motion that Commissioner Rubidoux cooperate with 

Mrs. McNamee In her request as to the entertainment of Service Men during
the Christmas holidays. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and 

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

HARVEY C.	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the motion heretofore made as of October

DICKERSON       the 5th, 1942 and appearing in Book 5, Page 14, Paragraph 4, appointing

Harvey C. Dickerson as acting City Attorney during Mr. Ralli's absence,
beginning as of October 15, 1942 be rescinded. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter Mr. Dickerson thanked Mr. Rubidoux for his motion, and 

submitted his resignation to the Board.

HUNTRIDGE	Mr. Tom Oakie and Mr. Eisenmann appeared before the Board at this time,

DEVELOPMENT CO.	requesting the approval of the Board on Tract No. 5. And requested the

Tract No. 5    permission to use the land deeded to the City as a par  to store their

material on, while under construction. Thereafter Commissioner Tinch
moved that they be granted permission to use the land during 

construction. Afterward that the City would plant and maintain the park. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to sign said plat on

Huntridge No. 5, when the approval of the Planning Board and the City Engineer have been 

obtained. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LIBRARY	Commissioner Smith	made a motion that a investigation	be made into the

Cabinet	matter of having a	cabinet built, as requested by the	Library Board for

the City Library, as whether to let bid or to purchase one, in case it
would be impractical to have one built. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

HARRY H.	AUSTIN	Commissioner Smith	moved to accept, approve and adopt	the negotiations

City Attorney	between Mr. Austin	and the City, appointing him as Acting City Attorney,

  as of 10:45 P.M. this date. And that he be paid Mr. Ralli's salary. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners, Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

GLADYS M. LLOYD	Commissioner Tinch moved that Gladys M. Lloyd be hired as Deputy City

Deputy Clerk	Clerk, as of the 8th of December, 1942, at a salary of $140.00 a month.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Smith moved that this meeting recess until Tuesday the 22nd, at 2:30 P.M. Motion
seconded by  Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
DECEMBER 22, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day of
December, 1943. Meeting called to order by his Honor Mayor Howell C. Garrison at the hour
of 2:30 P.M., with the following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and Deputy City attorney, Harry H. Austin. City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

AUDITOR-PURCHASING	Commissioner Smith stated that he had on the recommendations placed

AGENT -	before the Board which will be placed in the files with reference to the

M. Cazier hired   qualifications of Mr. George W. F. Johnson upon investigation by Mr. George

Wood, CPA, of Pasadena, California, recommend him for the position of city
Auditor-purchasing agent. (Quote) "I notified My. Johnson of this 

recommendation and he stated that it was necessary to be released from the 

corporation of which he is manager, by the Board of Directors. Since that 

time, by phone through the office of the city clerk, he withdrew his name as 

an applicant to fill the position. As a result I respectfully recommend the 

employment of M. Cazier to fill the office of auditor-purchasing agent for the 

city of Las Vegas under the terms and conditions set forth in written 

recommendations relative to Mr. Johnson, said appointment to become effective as
of January 1st, 1943 at the hour of 12:01 A.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner 
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TIRE BID	Several bids were sent out for tires but only one was returned. Commissioner

  Tinch moved that the bid of Ted Warner for four tires at $41.18 each and
four tubes at $5.53 each be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.


WESTERN AIR LEASE	Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed lease between the city of

rejected.	Las Vegas and the Western Air Express be rejected. Motion seconded	 

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

bids	Commissioner Smith moved that advertising be placed in the Las Vegas-

Evening Review Journal running for a period of 10 days notifying
interested parties that the Board of City Commissioners will be glad to open 

negotiations with them on or before January 16th, 1943 for a
lease of the coffee shop and other concessions in the Municipal Airport
Administration Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AUDITOR	Commissioner Tinch moved that Commissioner Smith be authorized to

hire an auditor covering the period from now until the 1st of the year 

if necessary. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch asked to be excused at this time.

It was the opinion of the Board of City Commissioners that a latter	

should be written to Governor Carville requesting that the license plate
law be complied with. Mayor Garrison stated that he would write the letter.

CIVIL DEFENSE	Commissioner Clark moved that one representative be sent to a conference

of the Civilian Defense at Redlands, California January 3rd, 1943 to 
attend said meeting. The city to pay all necessary expenses incurred
upon presentation of itemized statement. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

USO	Mr. McNutt, a member of the Recreation Board appeared before the Board

Westside -	offering a suggestion that they be allowed the use of city owned land

in Westside, adjoining the School, for a colored USO site and colored
recreation center. Stating that one of the buildings at the CCC camp
had been secured and steps had been taken to have it moved to said site.
Commissioner Clark moved that the Recreation Board be granted the privilege
of using said land for the purpose requested. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until January 4, 1943, at the hour of 4:30

P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 4, 1943.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day
of January, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor C. Garrison
with the following members present: Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux
and Tinch, acting city attorney Harry H. Austin, Auditor Purchasing agent
M. Cazier and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the meeting of December 16th and 22nd, 1942 were read. The
minutes of the meeting of the 16th were ordered corrected to show that
the Resolution relative to the leasing	of the room	at the	Police Station

for a prophylaxis station must not carry a renewal	clause	and that	the

gaming license issued to the Pony Express was for five slot machines.
Thereafter the minutes were approved as corrected.

Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 771 to 777 inclusive be allowed.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers	770 and 779	 be allowed, and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to	sign same.	Motion	seconded	by 

Commissioner Rubidoux, carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RECREATIONAL

 DEPARTMENT	Bryan Bunker, Chairman of the Recreation Department appeared before

the Board at this time and recommended the employment of Kenneth A.

Van Vorst, at a salary of $200 a month to fill the vacancy of Mr. Losee
and stated that it was necessary to hire Harvey Stanford as recreational
Director for part of November and December at a salary of $100 for the
month of December and $25 for the month of November; and the hiring
of Miss Wooley as extra help in the recreational department at a salary
of $25 a week for two weeks. Two weeks in December at $25 a week and
one week in November at $25 a week making a total of $75.
Mr. Howard was hired for two weeks in December at $25 a week making
a total of $50. Mr Bunker recommended that these people be paid
for their work. Mr Bunker also recommended that the rental on the  
room for Barney Burger, Beekley Building at $10 a month covering
September, October, November and December 1942 be allowed; also a
bill at the J.C. Penney Store in the amount of $7.46.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Board of City Commissioners approve
the employment of Kenneth A. Van Vorst as of January 1, 1943 at a
salary of $200 a month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Harvey Stanford be paid $125 as 

recreational Director; Miss Wooley be paid $75 as an assistant and 
Mr. Howard be paid $50 as Assistant Director. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the rent for the quarters occupied by 

Bernard Burger for the months of September, October, November and
December in the amount of $40 be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of J. C. Penney in the amount
of $7.46 for the recreational department be paid if it comes within
the sixth months period limitation. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

OFFICE OF PRICE ADMINISTRATION   Mr. Edwards, 0. P. A. representative appeared before the board at this

time relative to office space at the War Memorial Building. Commissioner
Rubidoux moved that the office of Price Administration be allowed the
use of the Council Chamber at a monthly rental of $50.00 and that they 

be granted a lease for one year period with a 30 day cancellation
clause. Further, their meetings are not to interupt the night meetings
of the City Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch

and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT

REPORT:	The report of Mr. Brown, City Engineer relative to the space at the 

Airport Administration Building was read.

WESTERN AIR EXPRESS	The clerk was instructed to write a letter to the Western Air Express

stating that according to a report made by the City Engineer that
they are using more space than was allocated to them and that they
will be expected to pay for the additional space on the same basis as
paid by the T. W. A., said space including that used by the ticket
office and the rental to begin as of August 1, 1942; and further
that they will be charged for operating slot machines at the Airport
Administration Building from the first of October 1942 on a basis of
50% of the proceeds or $150 a month for the space used. Commissioner
Smith moved that the above prices dictated by the Mayor be transmitted
to the Western Air Express by the clerk. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

C. A. A. LEASE	Commissioner Clark moved that the proposed lease as submitted by the

CAA be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to execute 

same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith Tinch and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

STREET DEPARTMENT

REPORT:	Report of M.E. Leavitt for the month of December was read and ordered

filed.
GOLF COURSE	Commissioner Tinch was requested to look into the matter of obtaining

FERTILIZER	fertilizer from the disposal plant. Commissioner Tinch made a motion

that bids be let for one ton of Fairway fertilizer. Motion seconded 

by Commissioner Clark and carried for the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

STREET DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for the repair of the truck

Truck Repair	and hoist for the Street Department to be returned on the 16th.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

MECHANICS SALARY	Commissioner Tinch moved that Charles McCowan, head mechanic, be granted

a raise in salary from $180 a month to $200 a month as of January 1,	

1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.
Commissioner Smith passed.

POLICE DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Clark moved that the report of Municipal Judge for the

REPORT:	month of December, 1942 be accepted and approved, together with a check 

MUNICIPAL JUDGE	in the sum of $4,519.50. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PHOTOGRAPHIC	Commissioner Clark submitted a list of photographic equipment which could

EQUIPMENT	be purchased from Mr. James Martin for $300 and made a motion that the

equipment be purchased. The motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, 
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the	salary	of J. A. Williams,	helper

Mr. Williams	at the Disposal Plant be raised from	$150 a	month to $170 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

ZONING	A petition signed by property owners	of North First Street was presented 

North First St.	to the Board requesting that no more	gaming	or liquor licenses	be granted

in that district.

C.A.A. LEASE	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the motion heretofore made covering

the signing of a lease with the C.A.A. be recinded. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed lease submitted by the C.A.A.
be corrected by striking out the words "janitor service" in Paragraph 6,

Page 2 and that otherwise the lease be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PETITION	A certain petition was presented to the Board, signed by property owners,

Barber Shop	requesting that a barber shop be opened at "D" and Madison Streets on 

West Side. Commissioner Tinch moved that the petition be referred to
the Planning Board. Motion was seconded by Commissioner Smith and voted
upon as follows. Voting aye, Commissioners Clark and Smith; voting No,
Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch. Mayor Garrison passed his vote.

Thereafter, It being the opinion of the City Attorney that the petition
was in violation of City Ordinance #135, no license could be Issued.

GAMING LICENSES	Upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried

RENEWALS	by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

His Honor voting aye, Noes, none, the following renewals of gaming 
licenses were granted:	Sal Sagev Hotel, Main and Freemont, 5 slot

machines. Charleston Grocery, Main and Charleston, 1 slot machine.

R. D. Bingham Grocery, 315 Fremont St., 2 slot machines. Eisenberg Home
Cooking Restaurant, 614 S. Fifth Stl, 1 slot machine. El Patio Hotel,

115 North Second St., 2 slot machines. McDonald Hotel, 208 N. Fifth St.,

2 slot machines. Ethel’s Liquor Store #1, 28 Fremont St., 1 slot machine.
Ethel's Liquor Store #2, 411 Fremont Street, 1 slot machine. Food Center,
770 Fremont St., 6 slot machines. Charleston Hotel, 119 S. First St.,

1	slot machine. Las Vegas Pharmacy, 32 Fremont St., 2 slot machines.

White Cross Drug Store, 201 Fremont Stl, 2 slot machines. New Overland
Cafe, 8 Fremont Ave., 3 slot machines. Trail Cafe, 13 Fremont, 1 slot
machine. Love Cafe, 1501 S. Fifth St., 1 slot machine. John Anton
Grocery, 1503 S. Fifth St., 2 slot machines. Horseshoe Cafe, 118½ S.

First St., 1 slot machine. White Spot Cafe, 109 E. Fremont St., 8 slot
machines. Log Cabin Bar, 122 N. First St, 3 slot machines. Verna’s
Drive-In Cafe, 123 S. Fifth St., 1 slot machine. Tip's Cafe, 1516 S.

Fifth St., 2 slot machines. George M. Crone, Boulder Drug, 121 Fremont
St., 3 slot machines. Nevada-Biltmore Hotel, 600 N. Main St., 8 slot
machines, two "21" games, 1 crap game, 1 roulette. Read City Drug, 11
slot machines. Apache Bar, corner of Second and Fremont, 12 slot machines.
Kiva Bar, corner of Second and Fremont, 8 slot machines. Apache Cafe,
corner Second and Freemont, 6 slot machines. Orange Julius Co., 405
Fremont St., 4 slot machines. Smith's Root Beer Stand, 311 Stewart St.,

2	slot machines. Las Vegas Barbecue, 22 Fremont St., 3 slot machines.

State Cafe, 20 Fremont St., 4 slot machines. Boulder Bar, 120 Fremont St.,

4 slot machines. Boulder Club, Inc., 118 Fremont St., 32 slot machines,

2 poker games, 1 Pan, 1 Big Six, 6 "21"s, 4 roulettes, 3 Craps, 1 Hazard,

1 Faro Bank, 1 Race Horse Keno, 1 Keno with 100 chairs.
Oasis Cafe, 123 Fremont St., 4 slot machines. Mandalay Club, 115 E.

Fremont St., 10 slot machines. Frontier Club, 115 E. Fremont St.,

41 slot machines, 2 Crap, 4 "21"s, 1 roulette, 1 Big Six, 2 Pan,

4 poker, 1 Race Horse Keno, 1 Hopper Keno, 102 chairs. Market Spot
Grocery, 117 Carson St., 4 slot machines. Fremont Arcade, 105 Fremont
St., 2 Craps, 1 "21". Lido Bar, 107 N. First St., 6 slot machines.

Rex Bar, 121 S. First St., 2 slot machines. Lincoln Auto Court,

1502 S. Fifth St., 1 slot machine. Yondell Lunch Counter, 508 Fremont
St., 1 slot machine. Dick's Bar, 118 N. First St., 1 slot machine.

Star Drive-In, 329 N. Fifth St., 1 slot machine. Silver State News
Stand, 110 S. Second St., 4 slot machines. Bowling Alley, 125 S.

Second St., 10 slot machines. Pool Room, 125 Fremont St., 9 slot
machines. Fremont Arcade, 105 Fremont St., 34 slot machines. The Slot
Machine, 101 Fremont St., 35 slot machines. Ypdyke Jersey Dairy,

600 N. Main St., 1 slot machine. Fred’s Liquor Store, 201 E. Bridger
Ave., 2 slot machines. Town Barbecue, 506 Fremont St., 4 slot machines.
Boulder Liquor Store, 423 Fremont St., 3 slot machines. Foreign Club,

111 N. First St., 2 slot machines. Las Vegas Tavern, 19-21 Fremont St.,

8 slot machines. Silver Club, 108 N. First St., 2 slot machines, 2
"21"s, 2 Craps, 1 Faro Bank, 1 roulette, Golden Camel Bar, 110 N.

First St., 4 slot machines. Silver Cafe, 106 N. First St., 4 slot
machines. Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont St., 4 slot machines.

Nevada Bar, 115 N. First St., 6 slot machines. Cinnabar Tavern, 105 S.
First St., 3 slot machines. Busy Bee Cafe, 105 N. First St., 2 slot
machines. Phil's Drive-In, 5th & Charleston, 4 slot machines. Wimpy's
Cafe, 210 Fremont Ave., 3 slot machines. Overland Bar, 6 Fremont St.,

 4 slot machines. Sal Sagev Tavern, 1 Fremont St., 8 slot machines.
Eightball Bar, 117 N. First St., 10 slot machines. Cut Rate Liquor
Store, 132 S. Fifth St., 2 slot machines. Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont St.,

45 slot machines, 2 Pans, 6 poker, 1 Race Horse Keeno, 6 "21"s,

3 roulette, 2 craps, 1 Faro Bank. Las Vegas Club 21-23 Fremont St.,

30 slot machines, 2 poker, 1 Pan, 4 "21"s, 2 craps, 1 roulette, 2 Faro,

1 Race Horse Keeno, Tango - 130 chairs. George Markish, 1 slot machine.
Playland, 129 S. First St., 35 slot machines. Clark Market, 1500 E.
Fremont St., 7 slot machines. Peggy's Cafe, 124 S. First St., 4 slot
machines. Johnson's Grocery Store, 630 S. Fifth St., 1 slot machine.
Westside Tavern, 206 W. Wilson St., 3 slot machines. Adam's Grocery,

816 E. Fremont, 1 slot machine. El Cortez Hotel, 600 Fremont St., 17
slot machines, 1 "21", 1 roulette, 1 craps. Spic & Span Delicatessen,

129 Fremont St., 4 slot machines. Al's Bar, 111 S. First St., 12 slot
machines. A. T. Spatz Club, 101 Carson St., 1 slot machine. Texico
Station, 3rd & Fremont St., 1 slot machine. Overland Hotel, Main &
Fremont Ave., 2 slot machines.

LIQUOR LICENSES	Upon motion by Commissioner Clark, seconded by Commissioner Tinch, the

following liquor licenses were granted for the year 1943. Voting aye;
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor. Noes, none.
Ajax Co., 131 S. First St., retail tavern liquor license. Phil's Bar,

107 N. First St., retail tavern liquor license. Edgar D. Siliax, 506
Fremont St., retail beverage license. Phil's Drive-In, retail beverage
license, 5th and Charleston. Wimpy's, retail beverage license, 210
Fremont Ave. Sam's Cafe, 320 E. Fremont, retail beverage license.

Fred's Liquor Store, sealed package liquor license, 201 Bridger Ave.
Boulder Liquor Store, M. S. Jacobs, 423 Fremont St., importers beverage
liquor license and sealed package liquor license. Las Vegas Tavern,
retail tavern liquor license, 19 Fremont St. Golden Camel Bar, 110 N.

First St., retail tavern liquor license. Mike's Liquor Store, 106
Fremont St., retail tavern liquor license and importers beverage liquor
license. The Esquire, 120 S. Second St., retail tavern liquor license.
Nevada Bar, 115 N. First St., retail tavern liquor license. Foreign
Club, retail tavern liquor license. Cinnabar, 105 S. First St., retail
liquor license. Overland Bar, 6 Fremont St., retail tavern liquor license
Sal Sagev Tavern, retail tavern liquor license. Eightball Bar, 115 N.
First St., retail tavern liquor license. Josie Dondich, 132 S. Fifth
St., importers beverage liquor license and sealed package liquor
license. Las Vegas Club, 19-21 Fremont St., retail beverage license.
George Markish, 812 Fremont St., importers beverage liquor license.

George Markish, 812 Fremont St., sealed package liquor license.

Clark Market, 15th and Fremont, retail beverage license and sealed
 package liquor license. Johnson's Grocery, 630 S. Fifth St., retail
beverage license. Recreation Tavern, 123 S. Sixth St., retail tavern
liquor license. National Ice Co., 320 S. Main St., wholesale beverage
license and importers beverage liquor license. El Cortez Hotel, 600
E. Fremont St., retail tavern liquor license and cocktail lounge.

Pioneer Beverage Bar, 25 Fremont St., retail beverage license. Pioneer
Cocktail Lounge, 110 S. First St., retail tavern liquor license. Al's
Bar, 111 S. First St., retail tavern liquor license. Food Center
Liquor Store, 770 Fremont St., sealed package liquor license. Rex
Bar, 124 S. First St., retail tavern liquor license. A. T. Spatz,

101 Carson Ave., sealed package liquor license. Apache Bar, 2nd &

Fremont, retail tavern license and cocktail lounge. Gilbert Brothers
Grocery Store, 314 Bonanza Road, sealed package liquor license.

Nevada Beverage Co., 12-14-16-18 S. Third St., importers beverage
liquor license and wholesale liquor license. Smith's Drive-In, 311
Stewart St., retail beverage license. State Cafe, 20 Fremont St.,
retail beverage license. Boulder Club, Inc., 218 Fremont St., retail
tavern liquor license and retail beverage license. Westside Tavern,

206 Wilson Ave., retail beverage license. Mandalay Bar, 115 E. Fremont,
retail tavern liquor license. Frontier Club, 115 E. Fremont St., retail
beverage license. The Market Spot, 117 Carson St., sealed package
liquor license. J. T. Watters, 120 N. Second St., wholesale liquor
license and importers beverage liquor license.
Las Vegas Distributing Co., 508 S. Main St., wholesale liquor license
and importers beverage liquor license. Bill's Lunch, 215 N. Main St.,
retail beverage license. Desert Inn, 1503 S. Fifth St., retail beverage
license. Charleston Grocery, Charleston & Main, retail beverage license.
Ethel's Liquor Store #2, 411 Fremont St., sealed package liquor license.
Ethel’s Liquor Store #1, 218 Fremont St., importers beverage liquor license
and retail tavern liquor license. Dick's Bar, 118 N. First St., retail
beverage license. White Spot Cafe, 109 Fremont St., retail beverage
license. Tip's Barbecue, 1516 S. Fifth St., retail beverage license.

Log Cabin Bar, 122 N. First St., retail tavern liquor license. Verna's
Grill, 121 S. Fifth St., retail beverage license. Spic & Span Cafe,
retail beverage license. Nevada-Biltmore Hotel, retail tavern liquor
license. Kiva Bar, 131 Fremont St., retail tavern liquor license.

Apache Bar, back room, retail tavern liquor license.

The application of James J. Adras for a retail beverage license, 127 S.
First St., was referred to the police.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of Thomas Roach
for a slot machine license at 215 N. Main St., be granted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners 
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Fred Stevens for a slot
machine license at 625 S. Fifth St., in the Kreger Oil Station, be	

granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of L. P. Lawrence for a slot machine license in Jimmie’s
Bar was referred to the Police Department. Commissioner Tinch moved that
the application of the Tivoli Tavern for retail tavern liquor license be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Tivoli Tavern for 

a slot machine license at 126 N. First St., be granted. Motion seconded 

by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the following applications be granted for
the first quarter of 1943 and the Clerk should notify them that the
applications wi11 not be renewed after that date; Motion seconded by  

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none:

- Oklahoma Cafe, 220 N. First St., sealed package liquor license.

C. F. Reid, 224 N. First St., 1 poker, 1 crap. Oklahoma Cafe, 220 N.

First St., 1 slot machine, 1 poker, 1 crap. L. P. Lawrence, 200 N. First
St., 1 slot machine.

The application of Pearl's Cafe at 224 N. First St., for retail beverage 

license was held up pending recommendation by the Health Department.  

ORDINANCE 282	An ordinance titled "An Ordinance to Amend Ordinance 201" is an ordinance

regulating the slaughtering of animals and sanitary conditions of all

Second Reading	places extending food and refreshments to the public; providing for the

inspection of meat and meat products to be possessed and sold in the city
of Las Vegas; prohibiting the sale and possession of uninspected meat
for human food; authorizing the appointment of Meat Inspector; 

prohibiting the sale of meat and meat products by unlicensed establishments 

and providing a penalty for the violation thereof, which was read to the
Board for a second time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said
Ordinance 282. Motion was seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE 281	It appearing that Ordinance 281 which was read to the Board for the first

time December 16, 1942 was not in proper legal form, Commissioner Smith
made a motion that the former motion pertaining to proposed Ordinance 281
be recinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His  

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Thereafter, proposed Ordinance 281
entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the keeping
and storage of gasoline, benzine, kerosene or any product of petroleum or
hydro-carbon liquids which will flash or emit an inflammable vapor at a
temperature below 110°Farenheit, in larger than ten gallon above-ground
containers, in the city of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the
violation thereof, was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner
Smith moved the approval and adoption of Ordinance 281. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A. W. BLACKMAN	A letter was read from Mr. A. W. Blackman regarding a claim against the  

CLAIM	City for extra services performed as City Auditor. After some discussion,

it was decided to lay the matter over to give Mr. Blackman a chance to
appear before the Board in his own behalf.
MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM	 A letter was read from the Little Theater Group requesting the use of

Little Theater Group	the auditorium in Memorial Hall to present a play on the nights of January

12, 13, 14, and 15 and stating that one of the nights would be given as
a benefit. Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the Little Theater
Group's request be granted and that the rental be $35 per night except
on the night which is given as a benefit. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith,
Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TRAILER CAMPS	A letter addressed to Mayor Howell C. Garrison from Wright L. Felt,

regional engineer at N.H.A., regarding project Nev-26-123 Trailer Park at
Las Vegas, was read to the Board. The letter recommended that the project
be terminated. Commissioner Smith was instructed to answer said letter.

PURPLE HEART TOBACCO FUND   A letter was read from the Purple Heart Tobacco Fund requesting the

City to donate $63 for cigarettes to be furnished to disabled veterans.

The City Clerk was instructed to answer the letter and inform them that
no appropriation had been made whereby such donations could be taken care
of.

TRAFFIC LAQUER	Bids from the following firms on traffic laquer were opened at this

Von Tobel Bid	time:	Woitishek Lumber Co. $869.50,Von Tobel Lumber Co. $878.00. Both

 bids required an A-10 rating. Commissioner Clark moved that the Von Tobel
Lumber Co. bid be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PRIORITY RATING	 Commissioner Clark moved that M. Cazier be appointed to handle priority

M. Cazier Appointed	 rating. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

 COAL SHORTAGE	A letter from the National Ice Co. was read calling the attention of

the Board to the critical shortage of coal in this area and asking their
  support in obtaining coal from Camp Willitson at Boulder City, Nevada.

 Commissioner Smith made a motion that the request of the National Ice
Co. be granted and that a letter be written to the Commanding General
at Fort Douglas, Utah acquainting him with the coal shortage situation
and asking him to authorize Captain Lovejoy of Camp Willitson,in
writing, to divert government coal to this area for use in Las Vegas
and vicinity. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that this meeting adjourn until 6:30 P.M., January 16, 1943. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Commissioner’s Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Tuesday,
the 12th day of January, 1943 at the hour of 3:00 P.M., to act upon the following business:

1. The issuing of a license to the Northern Club

_____Pat Clark___________

Commissioner

M. C. Tinch________

Commissioner

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING	

TO:	Howell C. Garrison, and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, A. F. Smith, Sr., and A. P. Rubidoux,

Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada.	

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call this day issued by

Commissioners Pat Clark and M. C. Tinch a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Commissioner’s Council Chamber in the
War Memorial Building on Tuesday, the 12th day of January, 1943 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.,
to consider the following:

1. The issuing of a license to the Northern Club

_____Helen Scott Reed____

City Clerk
 	ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby admit
due service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

Howell C. Garrison	A. P. Rubidoux______

Mayor	Commissioner

Pat Clark__________ A. F. Smith,	Sr .

Commissioner	Commissioner

M. C. Tinch________

Commissioner

The Board of City Commissioners was called in session by Commissioners Clark and Tinch for
the above mentioned purpose. Commissioner Clark stated that the Northern Club had been
operating gaming in violation of the City Ordinance and that they had been cited into court
and paid a fine of $100.00. Commissioner Tinch moved that the gaming application of the
Northern Club for twelve(12) slot machines and one(l) Race Horse Book be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Commissioner Smith and His Honor voting No. Thereafter
the meeting adjourned.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JANUARY 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held the 16th day of January, 1943.
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 with the
following members present: Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch; City Attorney;

Harry H. Austin; Auditor, M. Cazier and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the regular meeting of January 4th and the special meeting of January 12th were
read. The minutes of January 4 were ordered corrected by striking the name of J. A. Williams
in the motion relating to salary for helper at the disposal plant. Thereafter the minutes
were approved as corrected.

Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 780 to 792-1 be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

Noes none.

BARBER SHOP	A petition for a barber shop at 321 Monroe St., West Side, Las Vegas,

321 Monroe St.	Nevada, signed by an adequate number of property owners was presented to

the Board for their consideration. Commissioner Clark moved that the petition be granted, provided the requirements of the City Ordinance be
complied with. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.

BARBER SHOP	Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of Willie Harris at "D" and

"D" & Madison	Madison for a barber shop, which came before the Board at the meeting of

January 4, be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye; noes none; Commissioner Smith passed.

PETITION	A petition requesting zoning in the Gibson and Jones Addition, Noblitt

ZONING	Addition, Church Addition and Boulder Dam Homesite Addition was presented

to the Board for their consideration and thereafter referred to the
Planning Commission for a report.

FERTILIZER	Commissioner Tinch made a report on the use of the sludge from the disposal

BIDS	plant as fertilizer. Commissioner Clark made a motion that the motion made

on January 4 regarding the letting of bids for fertilizer be recinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none. Harlan Brown, City Engineer, recommended that the sludge from the
disposal plant be used as fertilizer at the golf course and that a sample be
taken and sent out for analysis and a report submitted at the next regular
meeting of the Board.

WESTERN AIR	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the bids submitted by the Western Air

EXPRESS - BIDS	Express on the leasing of certain space in the McCarran Field Airport	

administration building be tabled and a committee appointed to outline the
desires of the City. The motion died for want of a second. Thereafter Mayor
Garrison appointed Commissioners Clark and Smith to work as a committee with
himself to meet with the Western Air Express officials to see if satisfactory
agreements can be worked out and that the matter also be brought to the
attention of the Chamber of Commerce and a report made back at the next
regular meeting.
TRAFFIC LACQUER BIDS 7 A letter from the Wotishek Lumber Co., dated January 16, 1943, and

addressed to the Board of City Commissioners relative to the letting of
a bid on traffic lacquer on January 4, 1943, was read. The Clerk was
instructed to write a letter to Mr. Wotishek advising him that the bid
had been awarded to the Von Tobel Lumber Co.

WEST SIDE CLUB	  Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Robert Kroloff for a

GAMING &	 retail tavern liquor license and for 10 slot machines, 2 poker games, 1

LIQUOR LICENSES	crap game, 2 "21"s, 1 roulette, and 1 Chuck-a-Luck at 1400 "F" St. West

Side, be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BETTY'S CAFE	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of James Grayson for a

GAMING &	  beer license and two slot machines at 1039 S. Main St., be granted.

BEER LICENSES	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

CARL H. ANDERSON STORE	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Carl H. Anderson for

GAMING	 a slot machine license at 624 S. First St., be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

JIMMIE'S NEW BAR	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of L. P. Lawrence,

GAMING	 for 2 slot machines at 807 S. Main St., be granted. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

JAMES J. ADRAS	 Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of James J. Adras,

BEER LICENSE	for a retail beverage license at 127 S. First St., be granted. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

FRONTIER CLUB	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the application of the Frontier

GAMING	Club for 1 poker game and 1 roulette at 117 Fremont St., be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

GAMING & LIQUOR	Upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Clark, the

APPLICATIONS	following gaming and liquor renewal applications were granted;

RENEWALS	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

noes none:

Sewell's United Stores	307	Fremont St.	Retail	beverage license

Mom's Lunch	10th & Fremont	"	"	"

B.P.O.E. Club	3rd	& Carson	Cocktail Lounge

Proving Spot Cafe	10th & Fremont	1 slot	machine

Sewell's United Stores	307	Fremont St.	2 slot	machines

Belvedere Gardens	H. & Harrison	2	"	"

Reid's Pool Hall	224 N. First	4	"	"

Gilbert Bros. Grocery	Clark Ave.	2	"	"

Cornet's 5 & 10	207 Fremont	3	"	"

Overland Cafe	10 E. Fremont	1	"	"

Signal Service Station	401 Fremont	1	"	"

DeLuxe Sandwich Shop	Williams Bldg.	3	"	"

Silver State Service Sta.	5th & Fremont	1	"	"

Victory Cafe	16 S. 1st St.	1	"	"

Rancho Grande Creamery	406 S. 2nd St.	1	"	"

Esquire Bar	120 S. 2nd St.	1	"	"

Associated Service Station 10th & Fremont	2	"	"

Professional Drug Store	421 Fremont	4	"

Richfield Oil Co.	5th & Fremont	1	"	"

B. & H. Grocery	Bonanza Road	1	"	"

Snyder's Grocery Store	Bonanza Road	2	"	"

Silver Shine Parlor	N. 1st St.	1	"	"

Low Price Market	321 N. Main St.	1	"	"

Esquire Bar	120 S. 2nd St.	3	"	"

Silver State Service Sta.	5th & Fremont	1	"	"

The Jack Pot	114 E. Fremont	12	"	"

1 poker game, 1 Pan,

1 roulette, 1 dice game,

1 penny roulette - 14
chairs, 1 crap game, 1 "21".

POLICE DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the City purchase two desks and

OFFICE EQUIPMENT	two chairs from the District Attorney's Office,to be used in the Police

Department, at a cost of $75.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner
 Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none; Commissioner Smith passed.

RESOLUTION:	The following resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

TO AMEND CHARTER

BUS FRANCHISE	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, to-wit, the act entitled
"An Act to Incorporate the Town of Las Vegas, in Clark County, and defining
the boundaries thereof and authorizing the establishment of a City
Government therefor, and other matters relating thereto," approved
March 16, 1911, as amended from time to time thereafter, does not authorize
the Board of City Commissioners to grant franchises for the operation of a
Bus Line in the City of Las Vegas and,
WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has grown to such an extent that the operation of a Bus Line in said City would be a great benefit to said City and
the inhabitants thereof,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas that we petition and memorialize the Legislature of the State
of Nevada at its Forty-first Session thereof, to pass an Act, amending the
said Charter of the City of Las Vegas, so as to empower the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

To grant an exclusive franchise to any person, firm, association or
corporation, to operate and maintain a Bus Line in the City of Las Vegas,
such franchise to be granted only upon terms which shall be advantageous
to the City of Las Vegas and giving said Board the right to fix rates or
fares to be charged by the person, firm, association or corporation procuring
such franchise, and be it further

RESOLVED that a certified copy hereof be forwarded to the Clark County
Legislative delegation, consisting of the Senator and four Assembly-men from
the County of Clark.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the foregoing resolution be adopted
and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

LEGISLATIVE BODY	Commissioner Tinch made	a motion that a legislative committee be appointed

APPOINTED	from this body to draft	all matters to be taken to the legislature.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none. Thereafter His Honor appointed Commissioner Smith, Rubidoux and
Clark and City Attorney, Harry H. Austin on said Committee.

REPORT:	Commissioner Smith read	a written report prepared by himself covering

COMMISSIONER	seven different matters	which are on file in the City Clerk's Office.

SMITH	 Commissioner Smith also reported on his investigation of the collection of

 milk inspection fees. Commissioner Clark made a motion that all requisition
books outstanding be turned in to the Purchasing Agent on the last day of
January, 1943 and that a $25.00 petty cash fund be established at the Police
Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

Commissioner Tinch voted no.

TIME CLOCK	Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let on a time clock for the Street

BIDS LET	 Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

BOOKKEEPING SUPPLIES Commissioner Smith made a motion that bids be let for the necessary equip-
ment and bookkeeping supplies to put the books in proper condition. Motion
 seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

LIGHT BULBS	Commissioner Smith made a motion that all street light globes and/or bulbs

be numbered and dated for installation and/or replacement properly recorded
in a manner to be designated by the Purchasing Agent which will provide
 justification for filing a claim against the manufacturer in event they fail
 to meet the guaranteed hours of service which they are designed to give.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none,

RESOLUTION	The following resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Resolution

WHEREAS the United States of America through its Federal Works Agency is
constructing a sewage collection system in the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS that certain portion of this construction, lying along the South
boundary of Lot Fourteen (14), Block Twenty-three (23) in the Boulder
Addition of the City of Las Vegas, has been prevented as a result of
inability to secure right-of-way across this parcel of real property, and

WHEREAS the owner of the real property lying on the South side of this
line has offered to deed to the City of Las Vegas the necessary right-
of-way and in addition he has offered to deed to the City of Las Vegas
his portion of a street which will provide the desired connection between
South Fifth Street and Oakey Boulevard, as dedicated in the Huntridge
Tract of the City of Las Vegas

NOW THEREFORE be it resolved that the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas do hereby agree, for and in consideration of the deed to the
property described in papers attached hereto, to open up and maintain a
street along this property and to free this property of any trespass which
may exist or be attempted at any time in the future.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted and
approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.
EMERGENCY LOAN	Commissioner Smith made a motion to retire the $50,000.00 emergency loan

RETIREMENT	made at the First National Bank, Las Vegas Branch; the date to pay in the

near future. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

BUDGET 1943	On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Clark, it was moved

and carried that the budget for the year 1943 be adopted in the following form:

Page 1

CITY BUDGETS

Budget of the City of Las Vegas, 1942

Information Required:

Assessed Valuation--	Actual	Estimated

1942	1943

Real Estate and Improvements................$ 6,157,000.00	$ 8,700,000.00

Personal Property (County tax roll

plus Assessor's collections)............... 1,500.000.00	1,500,000.00

Net proceeds of mines....................................... ................

Total taxable property....................7,657,000.00	$10,200,000.00

Actual tax	rate 1942............................$	1.50

Total city	taxes levied, 1942...................$	105,000.00

A.	Unencumbered balance in City Treasury on

January 1, 1943...........................$	$	75,169.53

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied, est....$	55,731.61

C.	Nontax revenues in 1943, estimated...........$	279,799.29

D.	Expenditures 1943, estimated.................$	568,562.26

E.	Nontax revenues 1944, estimated..............$	251,000.00

F.	Expenditures 1944, estimated.................$	243,221.65

Explanation:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total balance less warrants outstanding
on January 1. Exclude all special funds.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied

in the previous year and uncollected, and collections from taxes
now delinquent.

C.	See	Schedule No.	1,	Col.	2.	E.	See	Schedule	No.	1,	Col.	3.

D.	See	Schedule No.	2,	Col.	2.	F.	See	Schedule	No.	2,	Col.	3.

SCHEDULE NUMBER 1	Page 2

REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

General Fund:	1942	1943	1944

Licenses...............................$	$ 47,675.00	$ 43,467.00

Fines and fees...................................... 54,742.71	47,305.70

Permits............................................. 63,294.00	59,656.83

Poll taxes.......................................... 35,506.00	35,506.00

Sales and rentals.................... See	2,200.00	2,131.38

Garbage disposal....................... Break-	15,250.00	13,808.96

Water operations....................... down

Electric operations..................... which	4,000.00	3,785.25

Sewer operations....................... follows.	100.00	87.50

Interest on city funds...........

Percent corporate earnings........

County road fund.......................

Airports...........................................   6,586.43	5,544.38

Tourist camps..........................

Bond sales.............................

Emergency loans........................

Special street improvements.............

Miscellaneous......................

Cemetery............................................  8,418.00	7,418.00

City Court	42,027.15	32,889.00

Total.....................................$460,655.69 $279,799.29	$251,000.00

Real Property	Tax	120,000.00

Unsecured Personal Tax	12,500.00

$412,299.29
Page 2A

CITY INCOME - PERIOD 1942

ACCT. NO.	ACCT. NO.

201	Business Licenses	$ 44,604.50	620 Police Dept. Fees	$	294.86

201-1	Liquor Licenses	41,044.75	621	Pound Fees	74.00

202	Gaming	83,171.00	624	Plumbing Fees	162.50

203	Dog Licenses	575.00	625	Electrical Exam. Fees	375.00

205	Bicycle Licenses	58.50	630	Meat Inspection Fees	251.00

206	Chauffers Licenses	178.00	631	Milk Inspection Fees	703.20

250	Building Permits	8,390.00	632	Sewer Lateral Fees	88.00

251	Plumbing Permits	6,087.25	633	Garbage Disposal Fees	13,717.54

252	Electrical Permits	3,415.60	640	Street Lighting Service	80.90

300		City Court Fines	32,889.00	650	Street Dept. Sales & Serv.2,373.35

420	Police Dept. Rentals	77.00	652	Sidewalk & Curb Insp.	282.98

461	Memorial Hall Rentals	663.00	655	Engineers Fees	526.31

462	Airport Rentals	1,150.00	602	Tennis Court Lights	91.75

481	Swimming Pool Rent	420.00	685	Golf Course	2,689.25

482	Stable Rents	220.00	681-1	Telephone Charges Coll.	3.80

602	City Clerk Fees	148.86	3003	Cemetery Lots Sale	1,112.50

611	Planning Engineer Fees	8.00	3004	Opening Graves	2,032.00

$247,959.40

TAXES RECEIVED

POLL TAX RECEIPTS	$ 35,506.00

REAL PROPERTY TAX	115,571.13

UNSECURED PERSONAL TAX	11,689.30

EMERGENCY LOAN - BANK	50,000.00

$460,655.69

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2

Page 3

CITY EXPENDITURES

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1942	1943	1944

Administration salaries...................$	$ 24,450.00	$	9,000.25

Administration expenses..................................  7,221.59	5,462.50

Police salaries.......................................   107,880.00	58,452.20

Police department expenses............................... 19,855.00	12,500.00

Fire department salaries................................ 117,120.00	46,019.25

Fire department expenses.................................. 4,473.00	3,000.00

Street department salaries............................... 55,960.00	20,000.00

Street department expenses.............................   25,000.00	11,000.00

City parks..............................................   4,629.00	2,000.00

Legal expenses...........................................  4,797.00	4,000.00

City court............................... See	1,212.45	1,212.45

Electric lights and power................ Break-	7,452.65	2,500.00

Engineer's Office...................... down	14,000.00	8,000.00

Sewage disposal.......................... which	13,200.00	7,000.00

Health and sanitation.................... follows.	5,000.00	3,500.00

Golf Course............................................... 7,000.00	2,000.00

Airports.................................................. 7,750.00	2,500.00

City hall expense......................................    2,000.00	1,500.00

Insurance, fire and Liability............................  5,000.00	2,500.00

Insurance, industrial...................................   7,000.00	2,000.00

Cemetery...............................................   11,335.00	4,500.00

Bond redemption.........................................  12,500.00	12,500.00

Bond interest...........................................   6,500.00	5,750.00

Garbage.................................................. 37,217.81	10,775.00

Public Pound............................................     584.00	300.00

Building, Plumbing, Electrical Inspection

Departments............................................. 9,424.76	5,250.00

To Retire Loan - Bank	50,000.00

Total....................................$447,528.43	$568,562.26 $243,221.65

Page 3A

CITY EXPENDITURES - PERIOD 1942

ACCT. NO.	SALARIES	EXPENSES

1	City Commissioners	$	660.00	$	422.30

2	City Clerk	8,028.06	1,896.34

3	City Assessor	600.00

4	City Auditor	1,294.34	450.99

5	City Treasurer	600.00	4.78

6	City Attorney	2,525.00	372.15

7	Police Court	1,200.00	12.45

8	Printing	2,270.91

11	Planning Commission	2,875.00	1,293.48

20	Police Department	81,604.18	17,448.82

21	Pound	524.00	60.78

22	Fire Department	9,998.32	7,355.35

A Fire Plugs	—	705.28

23	Building Inspection	3,774.17	263.54

24	Plumbing Inspection	2,633.09	357.80
ACCT. NO.	SALARIES	EXPENSES

25	Electrical Dept.	$ 2,150.80	$	245.36

29	Civilian Defense	—	1,092.76

30	Health Office	4,476.48	 --

32	Sewer Department	9,272.99	897.10

33	Garbage Department	34,633.00	2,214.15

40 Street Lighting	7,758.76	6,159.03

50	Street Department	35,086.44	15,278.17

51	Stores & Shop	--	1,036.97

55	Engineer's Dept.	9,405.33	2,631.25

56	City Hall Const.	--	24,182.32

57	Airport Const.	--	44,833.65

58	Right Wing Const.	—	25,290.83

59	Disposal Plant	--	2,622.66

60	Airport Administration Exp.	--	465.47

61	Janitor Service	1,295.00	714.00

70 Library	--	2,335.12

80	City Park	4,273.01	1,853.72

81	Recreation	3,901.45	883.94

82	Golf Course	7,240.00	1,149.28

92-1 Fire Insurance	--	1,863.95

92-2 Fidelity Insurance	—	157.50

92-3 Public Liability Insurance	—	1,750.23

92-4 Industrial Insurance	—	5,161.91

300 Cemetery	4,752.50	842.14

BOND REDEMPTION & INTEREST $ 19,790.00
TOTAL EXPENDITURES	427,738.43

GRAND TOTAL	$447,528.43

Page 4

SCHEDULE NO. 2A

BONDED INDEBTEDNESS OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

Date of Int. Amount of	Annual Requirements	TOTAL

___________________________Issue Rate______Issue_____Redemption Interest__________Total____OUTSTANDING

GENERAL OBLIGATION BONDS

1923 Highway	July	6%	50,000.00	July	1st	July	2nd

1924	1943	1942

2,000. 00	420.00

Jan. 2nd

420.00	2,840.00	13,200.00

1930	Pavement	&	Jan.	4	7,000.00	Jan.	1st	Jan.	'44

Curb Improvement.	1930	3/4	1944	150.00

Series #A	1,000.00 July '44

120.00	1,270.00	5,730.00

1931	Sewage	Dec.	6%	11,000.00	Jan.	1st	Jan.	1st

1931	154,000.00	1943	1943

8,000.	00	2,400.00

July 1st
1943

2,400.00	12,800.00	75,200.00

11,000.00	5,910.00	16,910.00	93,770.00

Assessment Bonds

1937 Pavement	& Curb	Jan.	7%	15,154.55	Jan.	1st

Improvement	1937	1943

No. 37	No 9

1,000.	00

No 10

500.00	525.00	2,025.00	6,975.00

12,500.00	| 6,435.00	| 18,935.00	100,745.00

Page 5

BUDGET FORMULA

RECEIPTS EXPENDITURES

A. Unencumbered balance January 1, 1943........... $ 75,168.53	$

B.	Revenue from taxes already levied............ 55,731.61

C.	Nontax revenues 1943.................... 279,799.29

D.	Expenditures	1943..............................................   568,562.26

E.	Nontax revenues 1944......................... 251,000.00

F.	Expenditures	1944.............................................    243,221.65

G.	Balance, taxes to be levied............. 150,083.48

Total (Receipts equal expenditures)..........	$811,783.91	$811,783.91

H.	Divide G. by	assessed valuation

to find tax rate.......................... $	1.50

Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935 "*	* Upon the preparation
and completion of said budget, it shall he signed by the governing board
of such city, town, municipality, school district, county high school or
high school district, or educational district, and the several sums set
forth in said budget under estimated expenditures for the then current
year shall be thereby appropriated for the several purposes therein named
for the said then current year. * * *"

We hereby approve the above budget of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada
for the year 1943

		(S)_____________Howell C. Garrison

 	Mayor

(S)____________________C. R. Clark

Councilman

(S)________________A. P. Rubidoux

Councilman

(S)_______________A. F. Smith, Sr.

Councilman

If	(S)_____________________M. C. Tinch

Councilman

Attest:

(S) Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

Dated Jan. 16, 1943

Vote on the above and foregoing motion was as follows: Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

STOREKEEPER	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that R. S. Norton be employed as 

CITY BARNS	storekeeper at the city barns at a salary of $165.00 a month, beginning

January 18, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

His Honor voting aye; noes none.

STREET	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that Wiley Woodard be hired as

SUPERINTENDENT	Assistant Street Superintendent at a salary of $225.00 a month. Motion 

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

BLADEMAN HIRED	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that Rupbert Tanner be hired as blade-

man at a salary of $190.00 a month to replace Wiley Woodard. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

MOTOR PATROL	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that bids be let for the repair of the

REPAIR	Motor Patrol. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.

WET GARBAGE	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for the sale of wet garbage,

BIDS LET	said bids to be returned by the 16th of February. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GASOLINE PUMPS	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that bids be let for an electric

BIDS LET	gasoline pump for the Street Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye; noes none,

SALARY RAISES	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the raise outlined in the 1943

EFFECTIVE FEB. 1      budget covering salaries to City employees take effect as of February

1st. The names of employees and amount of salary to be submitted to the
City Clerk. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

	Honor voting aye; noes none.

RESIGNATION	A letter of resignation,as disposal plant operator, was read. Commissioner

FRED TISDAIL	 Rubidoux moved that the resignation be accepted and that a letter of

recommendation be given to Mr. Tisdail. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLAIM	 Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Clem Malone for four days

CLEM MALONE	salary at $6.67½ a day, totalling $26.70, be granted. Motion died for

want of a second and the matter was referred to the City Auditor to report
back at the next meeting.

PONY EXPRESS	Upon recommendation of the City Engineer, Harlan Brown, the matter 

DRIVEWAY	  pertaining to the driveway of the Pony Express Co. was referred to the City

Attorney.
REPORT:	The report of the Street Superintendent for the first half of January

STREET SUPERINTENDENT  was read and that portion relating to the installation of sidewalk was

held over until the next regular meeting.

TRAILER PARK PROJECT	Commissioner Smith read a letter from M. M. Lewis, Assistant Regional

 Engineer out of Wright L. Felt's office, relative to the trailer park
project and also a telegram from Senator Pat McCarran on the same
matter. These were ordered filed.

GOLF COURSE	 Commissioner Smith read a letter from Ed. W. Clark regarding a bill of

PUMPING SERVICE	 the Connolly Electric Service for pumping at the City Golf Course 

covering the year of 1942 and amounting to $586.50. In this letter Mr. Clark
stated that he would take care of the account for 1942 with the 

understanding that the City would provide for and take care of the account
beginning January 1, 1943. Commissioner Smith made a motion that the
City Clerk be instructed to write to Mr. Clark, thanking him for his public
spirited disposition and generosity on behalf of the City of Las Vegas
and notifying him that the City will take care of the payments beginning
as of January 1, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that this meeting adjourn until February 4, at 7:30 P.M. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye: noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 4, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held this
4th day of February, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor,

Mayor Howell C. Garrison at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch; City

Attorney, Harry Austin; City Auditor, Mac. Cazier and City Clerk
Helen Scott Reed.

The members of the Board of City Commissioners having been furnished
with copies of the minutes of the last regular meeting of the Board,
Commissioner Clark made a motion that the minutes be approved by refer-
ence. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye;  noes none.

WESTERN AIRLINES	 Commissioner Smith made a report relative to the negotiations for an

AGREEMENT	agreement with the Western Air Express for lease of the coffee shop

and lobby of the Airport Administration building and thereafter moved
that the recommendations of the committee, to the effect that the City
is willing to enter into an agreement with them which shall contain
the provisions specified in paragraph A, B and C in a letter dated
February 2, 1943 and signed by Paul E. Sullivan, Secretary-Treasurer
of the Western Airlines, and provided they shall pay a rental of $300.00
per month as specified in their original proposition. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Tinch moved that vouchers 792A to 800-208 inclusive, be

approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and voted upon as follows:
Voting aye - Commissioners Clark and Tinch; voting no - Commissioner
Smith; passed - Commissioner Rubidoux and His Honor, Mayor Howell C.
Garrison.

VOUCHER	Commissioner Smith made a motion that Voucher 792A to 800-208, with the

800-30	exception of Voucher 800-30, covering the salary check of Don Borax, be

DON BORAX	approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; noes none.

MILK INSPECTION FEES	Commissioner Smith made a motion that the City Clerk write a letter to

the City Attorney requesting him to enforce the City Milk Ordinance
 relative to the collection of milk inspection fees and all other 

ordinances covering the collection of City licenses. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

LIBRARY -	Commissioner Smith read a letter from Cragin & Pike, insurance agents,

ADDITIONAL INSURANCE  stating that insurance on the books at the city library only covered

$2,500 worth of books and that at the present time there are actually
$5,000 worth of books and the insurance should be increased accordingly.
Thereafter, Commissioner Smith made a motion that the additional
insurance be taken out to cover the increased number of books. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.
MUNICIPAL COURT	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the report of the Municipal Judge

REPORTS	  for the month of January and the accompanying check in the sum of

$4,517.00, he accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT  Commissioner Clark read the report of the Fire Department for the
REPORT	month of January and the report of the Police department on meals

served to the prisoners in the City jail. He also read a letter from
Mr. Sargent, Fire Marshal, relative to the use of his car in City work.

Same were ordered filed and His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, stated
that by virtue of a previous ruling made by the Board, all persons using
their cars in City work would be reimbursed upon filing a claim accomp-
anied by the original sales slip.

TWO-WAY RADIO	Commissioner Smith made a motion to purchase two two-way radios for the

POLICE DEPT.	 Police Department at approximately $400.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

DICTAPHONE	Commissioner Clark made a motion that a Dictaphone, second-hand, be 

POLICE DEPT.	 purchased for the Police Department for approximately $350.00. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner
Smith passed; noes none.

SEWER DISPOSAL	 Commissioner Smith made a motion that the recommendation of Commissioner

PLANT OPERATOR	Rubidoux to hire Lee Simpson to replace Fred Tisdail as sewer disposal plant

operator, at the same salary Mr. Tisdail received, be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

ELECTRICAL DEPT.	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Frank Partee be hired in the electrical

FRANK PARTEE	 department to replace Robert Vechil.  Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SEWER CONNECTION	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Vega Village and El Rancho Village be

VEGA VILLAGE AND   permitted to hook-up with the City sewer at $25.00 for each hook-up and that
EL RANCHO VILLAGE property owners be assessed the regular city assessments. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ASSISTANT SEXTON     Commissioner Tinch moved that J. L. Barber be hired as Assistant Sexton at

J. L. BARBER	the Cemetery at a salary of $160.00 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CEMETARY	 Commissioner Tinch moved that the recommendation of the Cemetery Board, that

COUNTY LOTS	 the County lots at the cemetery be sold for $20.00, be adopted. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

REPORT	 The report of the City Engineer was read and filed. Thereafter, His Honor,

CITY ENGINEER	the Mayor, appointed the City Engineer and the City Attorney to look into the

matter regarding Water Company franchise which was contained in Mr. Brown’s
report and make a recommendation to the Board at the next regular meeting.

WAR MEMORIAL	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for construction of sidewalk from

BUILDING	the City Engineer’s office to the entrance of the City Clerk's Office and

also that shrubs be placed in front of the War Memorial Building. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

STREETS - GRAVEL	Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Tinch be allowed to ask for bids

 from trucking firms to haul gravel on the city streets and that the bids
be submitted to the City Auditor and opened within the space of three days
from this meeting and that top screen gravel be purchased from Southern
Nevada Industries at 90¢ per ton. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch

voting aye; Commissioner Smith and Mayor Garrison passed their vote; noes
none.

VOLUNTEER FIREMEN A claim in the sum of $538.00 for expenses of the volunteer firemen was

CLAIM	presented. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that $400.00 of the claim be allowed

 and the sum of $138.00, covering insurance, be investigated and a report
made at the next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLEM MALONE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Clem Malone for four days

Claim	salary be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

Two claims covering purchase of clothes for the volunteer firemen were
referred to the Police Commissioner.
ORDINANCE NO. 244	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning

Commission relative to the violation of Ordinance No. 244 by Dr. Louis
Bernkrant be approved and that Dr. Bernkrant be written a letter 

informing him that he is in violation of Ordinance No. 244. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

AUDITING CLAIMS	Commissioner Smith moved that the City Auditor, as soon as he has 

   completed his work in connection with claims or demands, notify the 

commissioner of each department, in writing, that same are ready and
available to audit such accounts or claims as are debits to his 

department and failure of said commissioner to make such audit,prior to the
time set for opening of the meeting at which the said accounts or claims
are to be acted upon by the Board of Commissioners, shall be considered
neglect of duty and construed as non-feasance. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Tinch
voted no.

CERTIFIED PUBLIC	 Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to engage

ACCOUNTANT	a registered certified public accountant from some foreign city at a

cost not to exceed $2,000 after the close of the second quarter of 1943
to audit the books of all merchants and dealers who pay a license tax
to the city, based upon the amount of business transacted in dollars
and cents during the months of January, February and March of 1943,
checking with state records if deemed to be necessary. Motion died for
want of a second.

SPECIAL ACCOUNT	  Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to open a

CITY CLERK	special account with one of the local banks where all the money collected

by her office may be deposited; subject to issuance, against such account, of
checks, where it may be necessary to refund money that has been put up as
a bond which does not mature until some specific act shall be performed
by the City Commissioners. All checks drawn on said account shall be
signed by two parties to be designated by said Board of City Commissioners
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none. Thereafter, His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison appointed
the City Clerk and City Auditor to sign said checks mentioned in the
foregoing motion.

NOTARY PUBLIC	   Commissioner Smith moved that Mr. Cazier be appointed Notary Public

MR. CAZIER	and the City bear the expense. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

RECREATION DEPT.	Commissioner Tinch stated that Bryan Bunker had submitted his 

RESIGNATION	 resignation as Chairman of the Recreation Board, due to the fact that he was

BRYAN BUNKER	moving to Salt Lake City. Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the

recommendation of the Recreation Board that Mr. Steven Girard be
appointed to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Bryan L.

Bunker be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

HIGHWAY RIGHT-OF-WAY	Commissioner Clark moved that the deed for public highway right-of-way,

submitted by the State Highway, be approved and the Mayor and the City
Clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

RESOLUTION	The following resolution was read:

PROPHYLAXIS STATION

RESOLUTION

 BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners, in regular meeting
assembled, that the lease entered into between the City of Las Vegas
and the United States Government, entered into for the period be-
ginning July 1st, 1942, to June the 30th, 1943, for the rent of a
room in the Las Vegas Police Station at a monthly rental of ($15.00)

Fifteen Dollars per month, payable each and every month beginning
with July 1st, 1942, be and the same hereby is approved, and be it

FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Chief of Police be directed to arrange for
the occupation of this room by the United States Medical Corps and
that the City Clerk be directed to advise the Division Engineer of
the War Department at Los Angeles, California, that said room is
available, and

FURTHER, that the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to sign
said lease and such supporting papers as may be necessary.

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

U.S.O. BUILDING	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent obtain cement blocks

WESTSIDE	 for the purpose of placing a foundation beneath the U.S.O. building

on Westside and that Commissioner Tinch be allowed to have the work done.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner
Rubidoux voted no.

GAMING AND LIQUOR	 Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming and liquor 

RENEWALS	applications be renewed:
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none:

Coca Cola Bottling Works 424 N. Main St. Wholesale beverage license &

Importers beverage liquor license

Chriss' Bar	807	S. Main St.	Retail beverage license

John Karris Pool Hall	125	E. Fremont	Retail beverage license

Brown Derby Cafe	320	Monroe St.	4 slot machines

Monroe Cafe	418	E.	Madison	2	"	"

Nevada Bar	115	N.	1st	St.	1	"	"

Navajo Grill	419	S.	5th	St.	1	"	"

Eight Ball Bar	117	N.	1st	St.	1	|	"

At this time Mayor Garrison excused himself and Mayor pro tem, P. R. Clark,
took the chair.

NEW APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Clark moved that the following new applications for gaming and

liquor be granted; motion seconded by commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem Clark, voting aye; noes none:

Pioneer Bar	25 Fremont St.	Importers beverage liquor license

C. R. Millhizer	416	Bonanza Rd.	Retail beverage license

Apache Bar	2nd	& Fremont	Importers beverage liquor	license

Kiva Bar	2nd	& Fremont	Importers beverage liquor	license

Westside Club	1400 "F" St.	1 Crap table

DeLuxe Sandwich Shop	127	S. 2nd St.	1 slot machine

Sam Stern's Nevada Cafe	113	N. 1st St.	2 slot machines

C. R. Millhizer	416	Bonanza Rd.	3 slot machines

ORDINANCE NO. 281 An ordinance entitled "An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the
SECOND READING	keeping and storage of gasoline, benzine, kerosene,	or any product of

ADOPTED	petroleum or hydro-carbon liquids, which will flash	or emit an inflammable

vapor at a temperature below 110 degrees Farenheit, in larger than ten
gallon above-ground containers, within the City of Las Vegas, and providing
a penalty for the violation thereof." was read to the Board for a second
time. Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved the adoption of said ordinance.
Motion was seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark

	voting aye; absent, Mayor Garrison; noes none.

PETTY CASH FUND	 Commissioner Smith moved that petty cash in the Police Department be raised

POLICE DEPT.	 to $50.00 in lieu of $25.00 and that a petty cash fund in the sum of $50.00

STREET DEPT.	be set up for the Fire Department and a like sum in	the Street Department.

FIRE DEPT.	Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote;

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until February the 16th
at 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro tem

Clark voting aye; noes none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

 A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby	

called to be held in the Commissioners Room at the War Memorial Building, Monday, February 8th,

1943 at the hour of 3:00 P.M. on said day to consider the following:

1. The opening of bids for graveling the city streets, and to act on same.

______M. C. Tinch____________

Commissioner

______Pat Clark______________

Mayor pro tem.

TO:	HOWELL C. GARRISON, MAYOR and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, A. F. Smith, Sr., and A. P. Rubidoux,

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call issued this day by the

Mayor Pro Tem., C. R. Clark and Commissioner M. C. Tinch of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada a
special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, will be held in the
Commissioner's Room at the War Memorial Building on the 8th day of February, 1943, at 3:00 P.M.
of said day to consider the following:

1. The opening of bids for graveling of city streets and to act on same.

Helen Scott Reed_________

City Clerk
ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor pro tem. and Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby
admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

______Pat Clark______ A. F. Smith, Sr.

______M. C. Tinch	A. P. Rubidoux

A special meeting was called to order at 3:30 P.M. on February 8, 1943 by Mayor pro tem. Clark
with the following members present:	Commissioner Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux; City Attorney,

Harry H. Austin; Purchasing Agent, Mac Cazier and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

STREET DEPT.	Bids from the following firms were opened:

 BIDS	Cox Trucking Company bid $4.00 for 5 yard trucks per hour

"	"	"	"	$3.50 for 4 yard trucks per hour

Gibbons and Reed bid $3.50 per hour

Commissioner Tinch moved that the street commissioner be allowed to hire
six (6) 5 yard trucks at $4.00 an hr..from the Cox Trucking Co, starting
Tuesday, February 9, 1943 for a period not to exceed thirty (30) days,
to haul gravel on the city streets. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux,

Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner Smith
voting no; absent, Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Smith stated that his reason for voting "no" was because
this expenditure had not been provided for in the budget and that the
	Board of Equalization has not passed on the budget yet.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th
day of February, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor
Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and Clark; Acting City

Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City Auditor, Mac Cazier and City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the meeting of February 4th were ordered corrected to show
that Jack McNutt was appointed chairman of the Board of Recreation and
that Mr. Stephen Girard was appointed to fill the vacancy created by
the resignation of Bryan L. Bunker. Commissioner Tinch made a motion
that the minutes be approved by reference for the meeting of February
the 4th, as corrected, and for the special meeting held February the 8th.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

POLICE DEPT.	Commissioner Clark moved that an additional expenditure of $544.79 be

UNDERCOVER WORK granted to cover additional investigation work for the Police Department

and that Vouchers 100-1 to 161 and 819 to 822, inclusive, be approved.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

STATE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Harry H. Austin, City Attorney, and any

LEGISLATURE	 members of the Board who can make the trip be sent to Carson City to

COMMITTEE	assist in the enactment of legislation proposed by the city; that their

expenses be paid upon the presentation of itemized statements. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the purchasing agent be authorized to

ELECTRIC PUMP &	purchase a motor for the pick-up truck at the disposal plant and, further,

POWER MOTOR	that the purchasing agent be instructed to have the electric pump re-

paired at the disposal plant or to look into the matter of purchasing a
new one. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor 

voting aye; noes none.

FINANCE OFFICER	Commissioner Smith made a report on matters which were referred to him at

REPORT	the previous meeting.
LICENSE COLLECTOR	Commissioner Clark stated that beginning February the 17th he would put a 

CLERK'S OFFICE	man on license collecting to work out of the City Clerk's office. 

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be authorized to purchase $50.00
worth of stamps. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

ORDINANCE 244	Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Smith be authorized to hire a

PROPOSED 	person to assist him in the matter of amending Ordinance No. 244 in regard 

AMENDMENT	to city licenses and to make a report to the Board at the next regular

meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

ENGINEERING DEPT. Commissioner Tinch read the report of the City Engineer who was out of
REPORT	town.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Tinch moved that a check be drawn for $20.00 to accompany an	

EFLUENT	application to the State Engineer of Nevada for the appropriation of the	

efluent from the disposal plant. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CITY ENGINEER	Commissioner Tinch moved that the City Engineer, Harlan Brown be allowed a

VACATION	two weeks vacation starting February the 16th. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

STREET DEPT.	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be authorized to purchase

TAPS & DIES	a set of second-hand taps and dies for bolts at an estimated cost	of $35.00. 

FOR BOLTS	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

ARC WELDING	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be authorized to purchase

a second-hand arc welding set for $75.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner 
Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch

and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Smith voted no.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of the Frontier Club at 115

FRONTIER CLUB	Fremont St. for a race horse book and the application of the Blue	Cab Taxi at

BLUE CAB TAXI	127 N. Main St. for one slot machine be granted. Motion seconded	by Comm-
issioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

PETITION	A certain petition signed by several property owners relative to the operation

DR. BERNKRANT	of a veterinarian hospital in the residential zone was read to the Board. 

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the petition be denied and that the 

recommendation of the Planning Board be upheld. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

PETITION	A certain petition signed by a number of property owners requesting permission

GYNMASIUM	for Mrs. Grace Ball to conduct a school of gymnasium at 302 South 4th St.,

Las Vegas, Nevada, was referred to the Planning Commission.

RED CROSS	A communication from the chairman of the Red Cross, Halley Stewart, 

FLOAT	requesting the City to enter a float in the parade on the 28th of February was 

read and the Clerk was instructed to write a letter to Mr. Stewart informing him
that the City did not have funds to comply with his request.

RECREATION DEPT.     A letter was read from the Las Vegas Recreation Dept, requesting the City
GRASS SEED	to purchase a hundred pounds of Burmuda grass seed to be used in the City park.

At this time Mr. Cazier stated that there were two hundred pounds of grass 
seed at the express office which was addressed to the Golf Board. Thereafter,
it was the order of the Board that this grass seed be used jointly by the Rec-
reation Dept, and the golf course.

CITY ATTORNEY	The written opinion of the City Attorney on the special bank account for the

OPINIONS	Clerk and also a letter from the Clerk, on the same matter, were read.	

Opinions of the City Attorney covering the site of the county health center
building and also the amendments to the City charter were read and ordered
filed.

SEWER SYSTEM	A proposed form of lease between the City of Las Vegas and the United States

LEASE	government, regarding the sewer system, was referred to the City Attorney for 

recommendation.

WET GARBAGE	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be re-let for the sale of wet garbage by the

BIDS	City. Said bids to be opened at the next regular meeting. Motion seconded 

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until March the 4th,

1943 at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

His Honor voting aye; noes none.
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

CITY OP LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Commissioner's Chambers at the War Memorial Building, Saturday,
February 20th, 1943 at the hour of 11:00 A.M., on said day to consider the following:

1. To authorize the salary of C. G. Petrie for the 1st half of February
and also his car expense.

TO:	HOWELL C. GARRISON, MAYOR and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, A. F. Smith, Sr., and

A. P. Rubidoux, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call issued this day by

His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison of the city of Las Vegas, will be held in the
Commissioner's Chambers at the War Memorial Building on the 20th day of February, 1943 at
11:00 A.M., of said day to consider the following:

1. To authorize the salary of C. G. Petrie for the 1st half of February and also
his car expense.

______Helen Scott Reed_____

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby
admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

Howell C. Garrison	A. P. Rubidoux

Mayor	Commissioner

M. C. Tinch________ A. F. Smith,	Sr.

Commissioner	Commissioner

A Special Meeting was called to order at 11:00 A. M. on February 20th, 1943 by Mayor
Howell C. Garrison with the following members present:	Commissioners Smith and Rubidoux;

Purchasing Agent, Mac Cazier and Deputy City Clerk, Ruth Spaulding.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Call of Special Meeting be
amended to include consideration of the following:

2. To authorize the City Auditor to close the deal
for the Segraves fire truck.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes

none.

C. G. PETRIE	Due to Mr. C. G. Petrie being out of town at the time the payroll

PAYROLL	 sheets were made out, he neglected to submit his payroll and did not

receive his pay check or expense check for the first half of February.
Commissioner Rubidoux moved that vouchers #100-162 and #824-1 covering
the above items be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes none.

FIRE TRUCK	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the City Auditor be authorized to

  close the deal for the Segraves fire truck which was ordered by contract
last August 3, 1942 and that the expenses covering this trip be allowed.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.
Las Vegas, Nevada
March 4, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th
day of March, 1943. Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M.

  by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison with the following members present:
Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch; City Auditor, Mac Cazier
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the minutes of the regular meeting of
February 16th and the Special meeting of February 20th be approved by
  reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the

following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

MEMORIAL BUILDING	Commissioner	Rubidoux	made a motion that the bid of I.	R. Stanley for the

WALKS	installation	of walks	in front	of	the	War Memorial Building(which was the

only bid received) be	accepted	in	the	sum of $122.00.	Motion seconded by

i Commissioner	Clark and carried	by	the	following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye; Commissioner Smith and His Honor, Mayor
Howell C. Garrison passed; noes none.

WET GARBAGE

BIDS LET	Bids for the sale of wet garbage were opened at this time. W. T. Stewart

$120.00 a month. Harper & Nielson from St. George, Utah $360.00 a month.

  Due to the inability to substantiate the financial statement of the
bidders from St. George, Utah, Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that
the bid be awarded to W. T. Stewart for $120.00 a month for a period of
one year. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

COFFEE SHOP	Bids for the lease of the Coffee Shop in the airport administration

AIRPORT	building were opened at this time. The bid of the Western Air, Inc.

ADMINISTRATION	  having been received and opened at an earlier date, the proposal of Mills

BUILDING	Enterprise, Inc. was opened at this time. Commissioner Clark moved that

we enter into a lease with the Western Air Express, holding them 

responsible for janitor service, lights, power, maintenance, etc. 

for $100.00 a month with a ten year lease and a five year option. 

At this time Mr. Coburn stated that if the lease could be negotiated 

in a reasonable time they would take care of the lights, heating, etc. 

heretofore used. Further, that the lease be drawn and ready for execution 

at the meeting of March 16. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and 

carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch 

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GRAVEL PIT	Mr. C. L. Martin appeared before the Board and requested permission to

 purchase gravel from the City pit at a suggested price of 5¢ a cubic yard,
stating that he thought 50,000 yards would be sufficient. The matter was
tabled for further investigation.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Clark moved that the sludge that is on the sewer plant site

SLUDGE	 be ground up by Mr. G. H. Borden on a 50-50 basis. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

MEMORIAL BUILDING	Commissioner Clark	moved that the Planning Engineer, C. G. Petrie, submit

SHRUBS	to the Auditor, at	the next regular meeting, a list of the shrubs to be

planted in front of the War Memorial Building, together with a plan for
planting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

CITY BARNS	 Commissioner Clark moved that a gasoline pump for use at the City barns

GASOLINE PUMPS	be bought and installed as soon as possible. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GIBBONS & REED	Commissioner Clark	moved that we accept the check of $3,748.00 from the

REPAIR OF STREETS	sewer contractors,	Bebak, Brkich, Sulato and Ramljak, for the repair of

asphalt pavement on the City streets which have been disturbed by the
laying of sewer mains. Further, that the work be done by the firm of
 Gibbons and Reed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Clark, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

TRAILER ORDINANCE       Mayor Garrison entered an order instructing the Building Inspector to

enforce the Trailer Ordinance.

CITY ENGINEER’S	The City Engineer recommended that map files be secured to replace those

REPORT	   that are at present installed in the vault of the City Clerk's office and

in the drafting room. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the proposal be
rejected. Motion died for want of a second.

U.S.O. - WEST SIDE	 Commissioner Clark moved that the motion heretofore made regarding the

 purchase of cement blocks to be used in the foundation of the U.S.O
building on West Side be recinded and the recommendation of the Street
Superintendent, that approximately 16 yards of Ready-Mix cement be
purchased at a price of approximately $9.00, be approved. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
SEGRAVES TRUCK	The City Auditor reported that the original agreement for the purchase of a

 Segrave fire truck provided that the truck was to cost $8,850.00 with interest
 of $1,062.00 covering a five year period, plus certain other carrying charges
which totalled $9,912.00 and that, he reason of recent negotiations, a cash 

payment had been agreed upon for $8,020.00 f.o.b. Columbus, Ohio. Commissioner
Smith moved that the deal be closed on a cash basis as read into the minutes
by the Purchasing Agent and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch,
and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE CARS	 Commissioner Clark moved that the City Auditor be authorized to put the Police

OVERHAUL	 cars in first class shape at any place he may see fit to have the work done.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ACETYLENE WELDER  The City Clerk was instructed to correct the minutes of February the 16th to

 show that the City purchase an acetylene welder instead of an arc welder.

INVENTORY	 The City Clerk was instructed to notify the head of each department to submit

CITY	 an inventory of all city property in their respective departments and submit

the same at the next regular meeting. Also to make an estimate of the value
of its worth today.

 

MUNICIPAL JUDGE	 Commissioner Clark moved that the report of the City Judge for the month of

REPORT	 February be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the

following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; noes none.

TANKEL’S NORTH	It is the recommendation of the Clark County-Las Vegas Planning Commission that

ADDITION #2	  the City allow the vacation and reversion to acerage of all of Tankel's North

Addition #2 with the following exceptions:

1)	The street right-of-way on the north boundary known as Croissant Street
be retained.

2)	The street right-of-way on the south boundary known as Oak Street be
retained.

3)	Block 1 dedicated as public school site be retained.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning Board be
accepted as regards Tankel's Addition #2. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,
Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BOULDER DAM	A certain petition signed by property owners in the Boulder Dam Homesite Addition,

HOMESITE	  et al, heretofore referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation, was

ADDITION	returned with the following recommendation:	That the petition be granted 

ET AL	providing it meets all legal requirements. Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved

that the petition be referred to the City Attorney for a report at the next
regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; noes none.

CITY STREETS	A recommendation from the Joint Planning Commission to the Board of City

 Commissioners for the acquisition of right-of-way and improvement of certain
 important streets in the City of Las Vegas, was presented to the Board at this
time. Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City Commissioners concur with
the Planning Commission on the establishment of streets as outlined in their
report and that the work be carried out at the pleasure of the Street Department.
Further, that the Ctiy Engineer and the Planning Engineer look into the matter
of right-of-way. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; noes none.

MILK ORDINANCE	Mr. F. L. O’Donnell appeared before the Board requesting the repealing of the

  milk ordinance insofar as inspection fees are concerned. Thereafter, Commissioner
Clark moved that his request be submitted in writing. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following voter Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAMING AND LIQUOR  Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming and liquor applications be
APPLICATIONS     granted:

GRANTED

Pearl's Cafe	224 N. First St.	Retail beverage license

Emma's Cafe	"F"	& Jackson Streets	2	slot	machines

Pearl's Cafe	224	N. First St.	2	slot	machines

Westside Cafe	"D"	& Madison	3	slot	machines

DeLuxe Sandwich	Shop	127	S. 2nd St.	1	slot	machine

Recreation Tavern	123	S. 2nd St.	4	slot	machines

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

PREAMBLES AND RESOLUTION

RESOLUTION	WHEREAS, this Is the year provided by law for the holding of a General Election

  in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, there are to be elected at such election two Commissioners each for a
term of four years, and a municipal judge and city attorney for a term of two
years, and a Mayor for a term of four years, and

WHEREAS, it is the duty of this Board of Commissioners to order said election,
and determine the places in said City for holding the same

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, that a general City Election be held in the said
City on Tuesday the 4th day of May, 1943, at which election there shall he
elected a commissioner of the first class and a commissioner of the third
class and a Mayor each of whom shall be elected for a term of four years, and
a city attorney and judge each of whom shall hold office for two years or
until his respective successor is elected and qualified, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the places in said city for holding said election
and voting thereat are hereby determined as follows:

For Precinct No. 1. Municipal Court Room, next to alley on North Second

Street, between Fremont and Ogden Streets.

For Precinct No. 2. City Library Building, adjoining 217 Carson Street

For Precinct No. 5.	Catholic Recreation Hall, 317 South Second Street

For Precinct No. 4.	Clark's Garage, Clark Street (south side between Main

and First Street.

For Precinct No. 5. War Memorial Building, Fifth and Stewart Streets.

For Precinct No. 6. Show Room, Earhart Motors, 507 Fremont Street.

For Precinct No. 7. Grammar School Gymnasium, Fourth Street between Lewis

and Clark Streets.

For Precinct No. 8. Show Room, Western Heating and Ventilating Company,

710 South Main Street.

For Precinct No. 9. McWilliams Garage, rear of 222 Wilson Avenue, ”C”

Street entrance.

For Precinct No. 10. Quality Plumbing Building, 1020 Fremont Street.

For Precinct No. 11. Garage, rear 118 ”F” Street, West Side.

For Precinct No. 12. Mesquite Club Building, 607 South Fifth Street.

For Precinct No. 13. Dance Hall, Helldorado Village, Fifth Street entrance.

For Precinct No. 14. High School Gymnasium, 300 Block South Eighth Street.

For Precinct No. 15. Garage, rear 703 S. 8th Street, between 8th and 9th

on Garces.

For Precinct No. 16. City Mercantile Building, 1220 South Main Street.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor of the City forthwith make proclamation
hereof.

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing preamble and the resolution be
adopted and the Mayor authorized to proclaim a general city election to be
held on the 4th day of May, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote; Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BUS FRANCHISE      The application of the Vegas Transit Co. for a bus franchise from the City of

Las Vegas was referred to the Ctiy Attorney.

CIVIL AERONAUTICS Commissioner Clark moved that the motion heretofore made granting the C.A.A.
ADMINISTRATION   lease of a certain room of the Airport administration building for $1.00
BUILDING	  per annum be recinded and that a new lease be entered into on the basis of

LEASE	$30.00 per month. The City to furnish janitor service, heating and supplies.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following voter
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

TRANSCONTINENTAL A proposed lease between the Transcontinental and Western Air, Inc. and the
AND WESTERN    City of Las Vegas for the use of an office in the administration building at
AIR, INC.	the Las Vegas airport was submitted. Commissioner Clark moved that the 

LEASE	proposed lease be approved, with the exception of the clause "payments 

thereafter to be made within ten (10) days after receipt of lessor’s written billing",
which appears on Page 1, Lines 11, 12 and 13 of said proposed lease and that
the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign said lease. Further, that said
rent is due and payable on the first of each and every month thereafter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Noes none.



TENT CHURCH  	A letter was read from Rev. James A. Druegiud requesting permission to hold

church services in a tent, temporarily, on Fremont Street. The matter was
referred to the Police Department.

STREET DEPT.  The report of the Street Superintendent, Mi E. Leavitt, was read and ordered
REPORT	filed.

VIOLET HARTMAN	Commissioner Tinch moved that Violet Hartman be hired to replace Regina

CLERK	 Blucher as clerk in the Disposal Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
There being no further business to appear before this meeting, Commissioner
Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until March 16th, 1943 at the hour of 7:30
P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
March 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison
with the following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch;

\ City Attorney, Harry H. Austin:	City Auditor, Mac Cazier and Ctiy Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	A. F. Smith, Sr.

At this time Mayor Garrison appointed C. R. Clark to sign the payroll in the
absence of Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be adopted
by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes

none.

BOOKKEEPING FORMS At this time bids for certain clerical forms to be used by the Police 
POLICE DEPT.    department were opened from the following firms:

Charles R. Hadley, Los Angeles............$181.25

Service Printers, Las Vegas...............166.95

The Purchasing Agent stated that three bids had been sent out but only two
received. Commissioner Clark moved that the bids be rejected and that new bids
be sent out to all local firms. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch.
Commissioners Clark and Tinch voted aye; Commissioner Rubidoux and His Honor
voting no. Thereafter the bids were tabled until later in the meeting.

VOUCHERS	  Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers #445 to #615 inclusive be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

W.A.E. LEASE	There was presented to the Board a form of Lease, covering on the airport

COFFEE SHOP	  administration building, dated as of March 16, 1943, from the City of Las

Vegas, to Western Air Lines, Inc.

 Said Lease was considered by the Board, and after due consideration the 

following resolutions were unanimously adopted:

RESOLVED:	That the City of Las Vegas lease to Western Air Lines, Inc.,

space in the Administration Building at the Municipal Airport, and grant certain
rights and privileges, all in accordance with the form of Lease dated March 16,
1943, presented as aforesaid; and be it further

RESOLVED:	That the Mayor, or in his absence the Mayor Pro Tem., and the

City Clerk, be and they are hereby authorized and directed to execute said
Lease, in duplicate, for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and to deliver
the original thereof to said Western Air Lines, Inc.

Commissioner Clark moved for the adoption of the foregoing Resolutions, which
motion was seconded by Commissioner Tinch and said Resolutions were adopted;
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and Clark and His Honor voting "Aye". "Noes" -
none.

SEGRAVE FIRE    Commissioner Clark moved that Mr. McKelvy be allowed $181.00 covering expenses
TRUCK -	 to bring the Segrave fire truck to the City of Las Vegas from Columbus, Ohio.

TRANSPORT	Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:

FROM OHIO	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Tinch

was out of the room.

CITY LAND FOR	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the land owned by the City adjoining the east

FARMING	City limits be advertised for farming purposes, said advertising to be run

each week for three weeks. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting

aye; Commissioner Tinch was out of the room.

SEWER DEPARTMENT  Commissioner Rubidoux recommended that the City of Las Vegas purchase thirty-
MANHOLE COVERS    two (32) cast iron manhole covers with frames from Bebak, Brkich, Sulato and

Ramljak at a cost of $560.00. The matter was referred to the Purchasing Agent.
STREET DEPT	Commissioner Tinch moved that a proper bond must he posted before permission

POSTING BOND	is given to dig up streets or alleys. Said bond to be sufficient to replace

the streets or alleys and the amount to be determined by the City Engineer
before the permit is issued. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

	

CHARLESTON 	  Commissioner Tinch moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission

BOULEVARD	relative to obtaining right-of-way on Charleston Boulevard for widening purposes

WIDENING	be accepted and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

PLANNING ENGINEER  Commissioner Clark moved that the Planning Commission be allowed to hire a
DRAFTSMAN HIRED   draftsman at $250.00 a month to work in the office of Mr. Petrie, provided

the budget is accepted as submitted to the County Commission and that the
County bear one-half of the expense. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and

His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ORDINANCE	  Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the City Attorney be instructed to draw up

250	an amendment to Ordinance 250 to abolish the collection of milk inspection

AMENDMENT	fees. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes

none.

RED CROSS	 Commissioner Clark moved that the City donate the use of the hall for the

HALL DONATED	concert the Red Cross gave on March the 5th. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

JUNIOR PROM       Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the City donate the use of the Memorial Hall
HALL DONATED	to the High School for the Junior Prom on April 17th. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Clark was out of the room.

OASIS CAFE	  Commissioner Clark moved that the application of E. P. Bihlmaier for a retail

BEVERAGE        beverage license at 123 E. Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
LICENSE	Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BONANZA STAR CAFE	Commissioner Clark moved that the	application of C. R. Millhizer for 1 slot

GAMING LICENSE	machine at the Bonanza Star Cafe,	416 Bonanza Road be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.



REVIVAL TENT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the	request to erect a tent for revival services

10th & FREMONT	at 10th and Fremont be rejected.	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and

carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.



FRANCHISE	An application of the Vegas Transit Co. for a bus franchise was presented to

VEGAS TRANSIT	the Board at this time. Commissioner Clark moved that the franchise be granted

COMPANY	to the Vegas Transit Co. at the cost of the license. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, and Tinch voting aye; Mayor Garrison voted no.

The City Attorney at this time stated that the City had the power to grant the
franchise.

VEGAS VILLAGE	Commissioner Clark moved that Vegas Village, Inc. be allowed to hook-up to the

SEWER HOOK-UP City sewer at $25.00 per hook-up plus $1.50 per hundred for maintenance. Motion

seconded by. Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.



POLICE DEPT.       At this time another bid having been received from the Review-Journal for
PRINTED FORMS    printed forms for the Police Department the matter was again brought before

the Board. The bids being as follows:

Review-Journal, Las Vegas, Nevada.............$168.20

Service Printers, Las Vegas, Nevada........ 166.95

Charles R. Hadley, Los Angeles, Calif.........181.25

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid be awarded to the lowest bidder.

The motion died for want of a second.



CHAMBER OF	A letter was read from the Chamber of Commerce inviting the City to send a

COMMERCE	representative to a meeting called for the purpose of publicising Las Vegas.

PUBLICITY

POLICE FORMS	The Mayor ruled that the Purchasing Agent be directed to award the bid on

the Police forms.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until April the 5th, 1943
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
April 5, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 5th day of
April, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison
with the following members present; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch;
 City Auditor, Mac Cazier; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; and City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be adopted by
reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

  noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Tinch moved that vouchers #612 to #888 inclusive, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

POLICE DEPT.	Commissioner Tinch moved that a committee be appointed to look into the matter

SERVICES OF        of obtaining services of a doctor for inmates at the City Jail. Motion
PHYSICIAN	  seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote; 

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Thereafter His Honor appointed Commissioners Clark and Tinch to look into the
matter and report back at the next regular meeting.

C.A.A. LEASE     Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a motion heretofore made granting a lease to

 the C.A.A. for $30.00 a month be recinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and
Tinch voting aye; Commissioner Smith voted no. Mayor Garrison passed.
Commissioner Tinch moved that the C.A.A. be granted a lease for a period of
five (5) years at a rental of $1.00 per annum. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and
Tinch voted aye; Commissioner Smith voted no; Mayor Garrison passed his vote.

UNITED STATES    A letter from the United States Weather Bureau relative to the leasing of space
WEATHER BUREAU    at the Airport Administration Building was read and referred to Commissioner
LEASE	Smith. Commissioner Smith stated that he was ready to make his recommendation

at this time and moved that all government agencies be treated alike insofar
as the Board of City Commissioners is concerned. The motion died for want of a
second.

BOB ELSER	Commissioner Clark moved that the salary of Bob Elser for the period covering

VACATION	September 10th to the 23rd be paid, provided there is no action heretofore

SALARY	denying the claim. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye;
Commissioner Smith voted no; Mayor Garrison passed.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Auditor be authorized to purchase the

EFFLUENT LINE	    necessary material to build an effluent line at the disposal plant. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye; Commissioner Smith and Mayor Garrison
passed.

DRAINS AT	Harlan T. Brown, City Engineer, recommended that a drain be installed at North

N. 5th ST.         Fifth Street and the matter was referred to the City Auditor to look into the

matter of purchasing 1,100 feet of 24 inch pipe necessary to complete the job
and to make a report at the next regular meeting.

PURCHASING	   At this time Mayor Garrison ordered that all purchases must be made by the

DEPARTMENT	Purchasing Agent and that every department in the City cooperate in this matter

100%.

SEWER DEPARTMENT   Commissioner Clark moved that	bids be let for ½ Ton pickup truck for the Sewer

PICKUP TRUCK	Department and that said bids	be returned at the next regular meeting. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote; 

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GOLF COURSE		Commissioner Clark moved that the City Auditor be authorized to purchase two(2)

FERTILIZER		ton, or an equivalent amount of yards, of fertilizer for	the City Golf Course.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye; Commissioner Smith voted
no; Mayor Garrison passed.

STREET DEPT.		Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Purchasing Agent be	authorized to purchase

OIL TANKS		a storage tank for oil. Motion seconded by Commissioner	Tinch and carried by

the following vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; Commissioner Smith voted no.

STREET DEPT.	Commissioner Tinch moved that	he be allowed to proceed with graveling the streets

GRAVELING	as outlined heretofore. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux. On the

question, Commissioner Smith stated that he would not be in favor of any 

  procedure other than purchasing gravel by the yard. Mayor Garrison stated that
he was in favor of the streets being graveled, but he did not feel that the
matter had been handled in a business like way. Thereafter Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux and Tinch voted aye; Commissioner Smith and Mayor Garrison voted no.
PLANNING COMM.	Mr. Petrie, Planning Engineer, appeared, before the Board relative to the

STREET WIDENING    acquisition of right-of-way for the widening of certain streets in the City and

the recommendation of the Joint Planning Board was read at this time.
Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Planning Board, relative
to the City acquiring certain strips or parcels of land in the form of deed
reservations for street purposes which exist in an area bounded approximately
by Fremont Street, Spruce Street and Charleston Boulevard in the so-called
Harrison Acres, be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

AMENDMENT	 A recommendation from the Joint Planning Commission to amend the present

ZONING	zoning ordinance was presented. Commissioner Smith moved that the 

ORDINANCE	recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to the amendment of the Zoning

Ordinance be approved. Motion died for want of a second. Thereafter Mr.

Petrie was requested to furnish a copy of said proposed amendment to each
commissioner.



REPORT	The report of the Street Department Superintendent was read and ordered filed.

PETITION	A certain petition signed by a number of property	owners protesting the granting

PROTESTING	of a license for gaming or liquor in the H.F.F. &	M. Addition was	read to the

GAMING &	Board. At this time the application of Mr. C. F.	Reid for gaming	and liquor

LIQUOR	license at 1322 North "E" St. was presented to the Board. Mr. C.	F. Reid

presented argument in support of his petition. Mr. LeRoy Christensen presented
argument on behalf of the protestants. Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved
that the application be set aside until the meeting of the 16th in order that
further investigation may be made. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAMING	Commissioner Clark moved that the following renewals of gaming applications be

RENEWAL	 granted:	Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following

APPLICATIONS	vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

noes none;

George Markich	812 Fremont St.	l	Slot Machine

Ethel’s Liquor Store	#1	&	#2	28 Fremont St. )	2	"	"

409 Fremont St.)

 	Nevada Biltmore Hotel	600 N. Main	8	"	"

2 "21" Games
1 Roulette
1 Crap Game

Snyder’s Underpass Grocery	Bonanza Road	2	Slot Machines

Silver Shoe Shine Parlor	100	N. First	l	"	"

B. & H. Grocery	"D"	& Bonanza	Road	1	"	"

Silver Club	108 N. First St.	l	Poker Game

Jack Pot	114 E. Fremont	12 Slot Machines

1 Poker Game
1 "21" Game
1 Roulette
1 Dice

1	Roulette - 14 Chairs

The Esquire Lounge	120 S. Second	3	Slot Machines

State Cafe	20 E. Fremont	St.	4	"	"

Boulder Club, Inc.	118	Fremont	37	"	"

2	Poker Games
1 Pan

1 Big Six
7 "21" Games

3	Roulette
3 Craps

1 Hazard

1 Faro Bank	

1 Race Horse Keno
1 Keno - 100 Chairs

Star Drive In Cafe	329 N. 5th St.	1 Slot Machine

Yon-Del's	508 Fremont St.	1	"	"

P. & B. Cafe	1st	& Ogden St.	1	"	"

Silver State News Stand	110	S.	2nd St.	4	"	"

Jimmie's Bar	807	S.	Main St.	3	"	"

Rex Bar	128	S.	1st St.	2	"	"

Dick’s Bar	118 N. First St.	2	"	"

Mandalay Bar	111 Fremont St.	10	"	"

Associated Service Station 10th & Fremont St.	2	"	"

El Cortez	6th & Fremont St.	17 Slot Machines

1 "21" Game
1 Crap
1 Roulette

Peggy’s Cafe	 	122 S. First St.	6 Slot Machines

Town Barbecue	506 Fremont	3	"	"

Charleston Hotel	119 S. First	1	"	"

Cornet's 5¢ & 10¢ Store	207 Fremont St.	3	"	"

Boulder Drug Co.	121 Fremont St.	3	"	"

Gilbert Bros. Grocery	Bonanza Road	4	"	"

Overland Cafe	10 E. Fremont St.	1	"	"

Bell’s Signal Oil Ser. Sta. 401 Fremont	1	"	"

McDonald Hotel	208 N. 5th St.	2	"	"
El Patio Hotel	115 N. 2nd St.	2 Slot Machines

Al's Bar	111	S. 1st St.	14	"	"

Verna's Grill	121	S. 5th St.	1	"	"

Playland Arcade	129	S. 1st St.	45	"	"

Professional Drug	421	Fremont St.	4	"	"

New Cab Taxi	127	N. Main	1	"	"

The Arcade	105	Fremont St.	1 Pan

1 Crap
1 "21"

1 Roulette
34 Slot Machines

The Slot Machine	101 Fremont St.	35 "	"

Frontier Club Partnership	117 Fremont St.	2 Pan

6 Poker

5	"21"

1	Hopper Tango (102 Chairs)

2	Craps

2 Roulette
1 Big Six
1 Race Horse Keeno

1	Race Book

41 Slot Machines

Eight Ball Bar	117 N. 1st St.	11	"	"

Westside Club	1400 "F" St.	10	"	"

2	Poker
1 "21"

2 Craps

The Turf Club & Bar	15	E. Fremont St.	12 Slot Machines

Race Horse Book

Nevada Coffee Shop	Cafe	113 N. 1st	St.	2	Slot	Machines

Las Vegas Barbecue	22	Fremont	St.	3	Slot	 Machines

Tivoli Bar	126 N. 1st St.	3	"	"

Las Vegas Pharmacy	32 Fremont St.	2	"	"

White Cross Drug Co.	201 Fremont St.	2	"	"

Las Vegas Club	23	Fremont	St.	4	"21"	Games

2 Craps
1 Roulette
1 Race Horse Keno
1 Faro

1 Race Horse Book

1	Tango (130 Chairs)

30 Slot Machines

2	Poker

1	Pan

Las Vegas Tavern	21	Fremont	St.	8	Slot	Machines

Mike's Liquor Store	106 Fremont St.	4	"	"

Cut Rate Liquor Store	132	S.	5th	St.	2	"	"

White Spot Cafe	109 Fremont St.	8	"	"

Love Cafe	1501 S. 5th St.	1	"	"

Pony Express	121	S.	1st	St.	5	"	"

Eisenberg's Home Cooking	614	S.	5th	St.	1	"	"

DeLuxe Sandwich Shop	127	S.	2nd	St.	2	"	"

Log Cabin Bar	122	N.	1st	St.	3	"	"

Modern Food Shop	315	Fremont St.	2	"	"

Wimpy's Cafe	210	Fremont St.	3	"	"

Sill's Drive In	5th	& Charleston	5	"	"

Westside Tavern	206	Wilson Ave.	4	"	"

Orange Julius	405	Fremont St.	5	"	"

A. T. Spatz	101	Carson St.	1	"	"

Bill's Lunch	217	N. Main St.	1	"	"

 Apache Bar	120	E. Fremont St.	6	"	"

Kiva Bar	2nd	& Fremont St.	8	"	"

Apache Bar #2	106	N.	2nd	St.	6	"	"

Apache Cafe	2nd	& Fremont St.	3	"	"

Pioneer Club	208	Beckley Bldg.	45	"	"

2	Pan

6	Poker

1	Race Horse Keno

7	"21" Games

2	Roulette
2 Craps

1	Faro Bank

Thos. W. Fraxier	1039 S. Main St.	2 Slot Machines

Spic-n-Span	129 Fremont	4	"	"

Overland Hotel	2 Fremont St.	2	"	"

Nevada Bar	115 N. 1st St.	7	"	"

Boulder Liquor Store	423 Fremont St.	3	"	"

Fremont Tavern, Inc.	105 S. 1st St.	3	"	"

Reed City Drug	231 Fremont St.	11	"	"

Foreign Club	111 N. 1st St.	2	"	"

Silver Club	108 N. 1st St.	2	"	"

2	Black Jack
1 Craps

1 Roulette

Golden Camel Bar	110 N. 1st St.	4 Slot Machines

Silver Cafe	106 N. 1st St.	4	"	"

Tip's Cafe	1516 S. 5th St.	2	"	"

E. P. Bihlmaier	123 Fremont St.	2	"	"

Busy Bee Cafe	105 N. 1st St.	2	"	"
Esquire Bar	116 S. 2nd St.	1 Slot Machine

Pearl's Cafe	224 N. 1st St.	2	"	"

Bonanza Star Cafe	416 Bonanza Road	4	"	"

Shady Rest Cafe	"F" & Jackson	4	"	"

Monroe's Cafe	418 "E" & Madison	3	"	"

Brown Derby Cafe	320 Monroe St.	4	"	"

Belvedere Gardens	"H" & Harrison	2	"	"

Westside Cafe	"D" & Madison	3	"	"

H. J. Carloni	131 N. Main St.	1	"	"

Richfield Service	5th & Fremont	1	"	"

Pool Room	125 Fremont	9	"	"

Smith's Root Beer Drive In 331 Stewart St.	2	"	"

Mae's Grocery	624 S. 1st St.	1	"	"

Silver State Service	5th & Fremont	2	"	"

Recreation Center Bar	123 S. 2nd St.	4	"	"

Market Spot	117 Carson St.	4	"	"

Sal Sagev Hotel	1 Fremont St.	5	"	"

Overland Bar	6 Fremont St.	4	"	"

Underhill Bowling Center	125 S. 2nd St.	10 "	"

Oppedyk Dairy	1000 N. Main St.	1	"	"

Boulder Drug	121 Fremont St.	3	"	"

Desert Inn Grocery	1003 S. 5th St.	3	"	"

DeLuxe Sandwich Shop	129½ S. 2nd St.	2	"	"

Harold's Restaurant	Williams Bldg.	1	"	"

Sal Sagev Tavern	Fremont & Main	8	"	"

RED CROSS 	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of the red Cross to use the War

Memorial Hall on April the 12th be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTION BOARD 	Commissioner Clark moved that the following persons be appointed to work on

APPOINTED	the election board for the city election on the 4th of May. Seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTION BOARDS

L. V. #1

Voting Board:	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

Mary E. Lake	Erma T. Baxter, Park St., L. V.

*	Mina Stewart, Stewart Ranch	Cecilia Kane, 120 N. 2nd

Alice Alter, 128½ N. 3rd	Mary	E. Dutton, Box 125

Clerks:	Clarks:

M. Irene Smoke, Las Vegas	Jean	Adeline Osgood

Lenora Johnson, 736 Biltmore	Dr.	Zelda Allen

--oOo----

L. V. #2

Voting Board:	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

Emma M. Schuyler, 604 S. 6th	Genevieve Christensen, 108 S. 2nd

Alice Day, 300 Blk. S. 1st	Odessa Scott, U. P. Store

*	Nellie C. Carroll, 118 S. 3rd	Ruth P. Harvey, 607 S. 4th

Clerks:	Clerks:

Marie Sullivan, 229 S. 5th	Naoma Uptiegrove, 218 S. 1st

Nellie Oaks, 128 S. 5th	Ethel	Hinrichs

--oOo----

L.V. #3

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

Jeanne Bremner, 324 S. 2nd	Ella	V. Morrison, 423 S.	2nd

Catherine Hickey	Loda	Pickett, 612 S. 3rd

Pauline Bartlett, 417 S. 2nd	LaPrele Fields, 422 S. 2nd

Clerks:	Clerks:

Aileen Conger, (phone)	Opal	Bruner, 320 S. 2nd

Ione Flickinger, 317 S. 1st	Mrs.	I. J. Adams, 421 S.	1st

--oOo-—

L. V. #4

Voting Board	Counting Board

 Inspectors:	Inspectors:

*	Marion Thompson, 406 S. 4th	Isabella Botts, 524 S. 2nd

Elizabeth Downing, 621 S. 2nd	Della Butler, 504 S. 3rd

Grace Wadsworth, 508 S. 1st	Mrs. Thomas McFee, 672 S. 3rd

Clerks:	Clerks:

Mae Larson, 620 S. 3rd	Marion Rockefeller, 516 S. 3rd

Sue Ronnow, 510 S. 1st	Viola Burns, 509 S. 2nd
L. V. #5

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

Edith Long, 607 Ogden Ave.	E. E. Casey, 302 Odgen

*	Luella McEvoy	Mrs. B. H. Johnson, 126 N. 4th

Flossie A. Wasden, 223 N. 6th	Grace Ferguson, 122 N. 5th

Clerks:	Clerks:

Beatrice Knudson, 216 N. 6th	Dessie Bailey, 212 N. 4th

Florence Murphy	Pauline Tisdail, Box 292

---oOo----

L. V. #6

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

* Kate Santongue, 117 S. 4th	 Mary Bowman, 118½ S. 7th

Theresa McGovern, 124 S. 5th	Fern Olive, 631 Carson

Anne Wright, 318 Carson	Lila Crane, 810 S. 5th

Clerks:	Clerks:

LaVerna Whipple, 320 S. 6th	Cora Lee Honstedt, 131 S. 3rd

Lola Adams, 114 S. 6th	Essie Dell Erbig

---oOo----

L. V. #7

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

Leona Forbes, 319 S. 3rd	Helene Blaine, 421 S. 3rd

Opal Records	Mrs. V. N. Ogden, 518 S. 5th

*	Minnie B. Garner, 529 S. 3rd	Eunice Cummings, 510 S. 5th

Clerks:	Clerks:

Mabel B. Grant, 1119 S. 6th	Yvonne Bartlett, 314 S. 4th

Relda Leavitt, 429 S. 2nd	 Audrey Bowman, 419 S. 3rd

---oOo----

L. V. #8

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

*	Lady Grubbs, 919 S. 2nd	Virginia May Vance, 950 S.	Main

Mayme Crookston, 710 S. 3rd	Effie Ouimet

Mrs. J. D. Porter, 103 Hoover	Eva T. Dodge, 117 Gass St.

Clerks:	Clerks:

Adelene S. Bartlett, 723 S. 2nd	Veronica M. Ekliott, 712 S. 3rd

Vera Brindley, 502 S. 9th	Winifred M. Foster, 926 S. 3rd

---oOo----

L. V. #9

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

Hazel Farnsworth, 302 Gass	Mrs. E. E. Sweeney

Olive Roberts, 216 Wilson Ave.	Caroline Carroll, 1st near	Monroe

*	Ada Young, 223 Wilson Ave.	Eileen A. Angelos

Clerks:		Clerks:

Lucy Stewart, 123 W. 5th	Vivian Wooley

Ella Mansor	Francetta Bishop, 2nd & Jefferson

---oOo----

L. V. #10

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors

Myrtle Bond, 126 N. 11th	Josephine Ellis, 204 N. 7th

Gladys McAllister, 817 Stewart	O. H. Lodwick, 208 N. 11th

*	Marjorie Pyeatt, 216 N. 7th	Grace Howell, 206 N. 9th

Clerks:	Clerks:

Gladys H. St John, 207 N. 11th	Mary Hopkins, 127½ N. 12th

Hallie E. Dimock, 205 N. 10th	Josephine Guthrie, 210 N. 11th

---oOo----

L. V. #11

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

*	Cora Bell Bishop, 612 Wilson	R. h. Bishop, 612 Wilson

Thelma Abbott,	512	Gass	Alice	Hutchison,	Cow	Boy	Bill's

Blanche Jarrett,	618	Wilson	Laura	Belle	Kelch

Clerks:	Clerks:

Helen E. Lovell, 617 N. "F"	Della Hernandez, 609 Wilson

Stella Ebert,	618 Wilson	Mrs.	Ernie Ohlson, 616	 Wilson
L. V. #12

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

* Myra Connolly, 708 S. 6th	Harriette Hemphill, 708 S. 4th

Alice E. Maret, 318 Gass Ave.	Helen Gavrilovich, Box 969

E. Minnie Davison, 1108 5th Place	Evelyn Sullivan, 414 Garces

Clerks:	-	Clerks:

Effie Mikkelson, 115 5th Place	Ethel I. Saxon, 704 S. 6th

Neva Grayson, 704 S. 6th	Rosalee B. Burr, 710 S. 4th

--oOo----

L. V. #13

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

Mabel Fletcher, 310 N. 8th	Margery Leavitt, 328 N. 11th

Myrtle 0. Smith, 508 N. 7th	Hilda Pine, 507 N. 7th

* Marie J. Ogle, 506 N. 7th	Lucy Roberts, 330 N. 11th

Clerks:		Clerks:

Mrs. Stanley Banta, 405 N. 6th	Mabel Reeves, 328 N. 8th

Hannah Liles, 410 N. 9th	Eva W. King, 309 N. 9th

--oOo----

L. V. #14

Voting Board	Counting Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

* Fauna I. Finney, 522 S. 7th	Josephine E. Johnson, 316 S. 7th

Viola Fitzgerald,	115 S.	8th	Dorothy Riley,	215	S.	8th

Marie L. Flowers,	320 S.	7th	Martha Hunsaker

Clerks:	Clerks:

Grace Newlin, 201 S. 9th	Dora F. Keller, 221 S. 8th

Wanda A. Nicolaides, 214 S. 9th	Mrs. Sam. F. Davis

--oOo----

L. V. #15

Voting Board	Counting	Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

* Lucille Rau, 1105	S. 6th	Ethel Lee, 611	S. 6th

Mary C. Nash, 602	S. 10th	Uldine Dayton,	818	S.	7th

Minnie B. Y. Dixon	Sallie Gordon, 615 S. 6th

Clerks:	Clerks :

Margaret Allen,	618	S.	7th	Effie	Foremaster,	707 Garces

Tilla Ferguson,	707	S.	8th	Velma	Roberton,	631	S. 9th

--oOo----

L. V. #16

Voting Board	Counting	Board

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

* Mrs. Harry C. Steward	Eunice J. Gobeli

Feriland White	Ethel M.	Milord

Ellen Wright	Lillian L. Musser

Clerks:	Clerks:

Nan Estes, 1401 S. 1st	Dessie Bartlett, 1300 S. 3rd

Mrs. Gibbie 	Heffner, 203 Colorado	Alice M.	Johnson

--oOo----

RECREATION DEPT.  A written request from the Las Vegas Recreation Department asking the City
SUMMER CAMP	to pay a fee of $25.00 for use of the Organization Camp in Lee's Canyon from

April the 1st, 1943 to March the 31st, 1944 was presented to the Board for
consideration. Commissioner Smith moved that the request of the Las Vegas
Recreation Department be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Mr. Tinch reported that Mrs. Leo McNamee had been named temporary chairman
of the Recreation Board by reason of Mr. McNutt having been transferred.

CITY TRAFFIC	A letter from Fred L. Moran, police sergeant, calling the attention of the

ORDINANCE	  Board to the conflict of the City Traffic Ordinance with the Nevada State

CONFLICTION WITH Ordinance, was read. Commissioner Clark moved that the City Traffic Ordinance
STATE ORDINANCE be amended to coincide with the Nevada State Ordinance. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Sergeant Moran also recommended that a large sign be placed at the east
entrance to the City of Las Vegas warning motorists that the speed limit of
20 miles per hour would be rigidly enforced.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Purchasing Agent be authorized to purchase
such a sign. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.
PIONEER CLUB       A letter was read from the Pioneer Club requesting the refund of $50.00 on an
APPLICATION       importers beverage liquor license because of the fact that the County Commission-
ers, did not issue said firm a county license. The matter was referred to the City
Attorney.

SEWAGE DISPOSAL  A written opinion from the City Attorney relative to a lease on the sewage
PLANT	disposal plant, now being constructed near the east boundary of the city, was

LEASE	read. After some discussion as to certain portions of the proposed lease, the

City Attorney was instructed to write to Leo E. Forquer, senior attorney for
the Federal Works Agency for more particulars.

MURRY CABINS  A letter was read from Mr. Harry H. Austin relative to a suit filed in the

District Court by T. M. Murry against the Ctiy of Las Vegas seeking damages in
excess of $20,000.00. Commissioner Smith stated that the Charter provided for
the hiring of an assistant to the City Attorney and in his opinion the 

selection should be left to the discretion of the City Attorney. After considerable
discussion the matter was laid over until the next regular meeting, with the
understanding that the City Attorney would protect the City's rights.

LAS VEGAS	 A letter from the War Department relative to a lease covering the area used

GUNNERY SCHOOL   by the Las Vegas Gunnery School was presented to the Board. After considerable
PROPOSED LEASE	discussion, Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be instructed to write

a letter, first, to the City Engineer requesting him to ascertain the property
and location thereof in the vicinity of the Gunnery School which is owned by
the City and occupied by the Gunnery School. Upon receipt of the information,
the Clerk shall write to the proper federal agency advising them that the city
will clear title to the property which is owned by the City to their satis-
faction and the property which the City does not own they have no way of
obtaining title thereto. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

ORDINANCE 	A letter from the State Highway Engineer regarding the licensing of taxi

TAXI DRIVERS	drivers was read and referred to the City Attorney.

TRAILER HOUSE 	A communication signed by Rev. Ralph Barber relative to a trailer house

VIOLATION		located at 325 S. 9th St. which he is now occupying and which is in violation

REV. BARBER	of our trailer ordinance, was presented to the Board. Due to the present

emergency in housing conditions, Rev. Barber requested the Board for 

permission to occupy said trailer until such time as he could build. The matter
was referred to the Building Inspector.

Mr. Austin then read a report from the Building Inspector regarding several
trailers in the City.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Clark
moved that the meeting adjourn until April the 16th, 1943 at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
April, 1943. Meeting called to order by Mayor pro tem, C. R. Clark, with the
 following members present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux; City

Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Mayor

Howell C. Garrison.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved
and accepted by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro

tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 889 to 1069, inclusive, be approved and

the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Comm-
issioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

U.S. WEATHER BUREAU Commissioner Smith moved that the U. S. Weather Bureau be granted a lease for

LEASE	quarters at the Airport Administration Building on similar terms as that grant-

ed to the C.A.A. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

COUNTY HOUSING	Mr. James Farndale appeared before the Board on behalf of the County Housing

AUTHORITY	 Authority and requested permission of the City Council for the County Housing

Authority to operate within the City, stating that by legislative act it was
necessary to have permission of the City Council in order to take over any
federal property within the City limits. The matter was held over for further
study.
14th ST. ADDITION   A communication signed by Murry Wollman, Nate Mack and Wm. Cantrell 

requesting the Board of City Commissioners to enforce Ordinance #264 was read to the
Board and thereafter the matter was referred to Commissioner Tinch and the
Building Inspector with instructions to enforce Ordinance #264.

MC CARRAN FIELD The matter of a master lease for certain land owned by the City and the

LEASE	 acquisition of other land needed at McCarran Field was discussed. Commissioner

Smith moved that the City of Las Vegas clear title to the property owned by
them at the Las Vegas Airport and furnish a lease to the government therefore,
hut that the City at this time is not financially able to undertake acquiring
title to any additional land needed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

C. W. ODER	Commissioner Tinch moved that C. W. Oder he hired as Assistant Engineer as of

ASST. ENGINEER    May 1, 1943 at a salary of $250.00 a month to replace Mr. Eaton who resigned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch, Smith and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

STREET DEPT.	  Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be instructed to let bids

BIDS FOR	for three hundred (300) sacks of cement and to purchase same at the lowest bid.

CEMENT	Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

CITY ENGINEER		The	report	of	the City Engineer was	read	and	the matter of adopting the 1943

REPORT	Code was laid	over for further study and	Mr.	Brown was instructed to furnish

each Commissioner with a copy of his letter relating to the adoption of said
Code.

PLANNING BOARD  	The recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission relative to the amendment
RECOMMENDATION    of Ordinance #264 was held over for further study.

C. S. RIED	The	matter	of	the petition of C. S.	Ried	for	permission to establish a gaming

GAMING & LIQUOR  	and	liquor	house at 1322 "E" St. on	Westside	was referred to the Chief of

Police.

GAMING RENEWALS   Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the following applications for gaming licenses

be granted:	Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting

aye; noes none.

State Cafe	116 South 1st St.	1 slot machine

Oklahoma Cafe	220 North 1st St.	1	"	"

New Overland Cafe	8 E. Fremont St.	3	"	"

Lido Bar	107 North 1st St.	6	"	"

Rancho Grande	Creamery 406 South 2nd St.	1	"	"

Clark Market	1500 E. Fremont	7	"	"

BETTY'S CAFE	Commissioner Smith moved that Wilma Patrum be granted a retail beverage license

BEER LICENSE  	at Betty's Cafe at 1039 S. Main St. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch

and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

SOLS CLOTHING      The application of C. R. Millhizer for a slot machine license at Sols Clothing
GAMING	Store at 509 Jackson St. was held over for further investigation.

C. L. HAMMOND   The application for four (4) slot machine licenses at the Boulder Drug, 131
GAMING	Fremont Ave., was referred to the Police Department.

OKLAHOMA CAFE  	Commissioner Smith	moved that	the claim of Jake	Ensley for	the return of $45.00

CLAIM	deposited with the	City on an	application for gaming which	was not granted, be

refunded and that the application of Jake Ensley for a slot machine at the
Oklahoma Cafe at 220 N. First St. be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch

and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

CHILIVILLE CAFE Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of C. R. Millhizer for the refund of
CLAIM	 	$8.00 deposited with the city on an application for gaming, be refunded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes
none.

Commissioner Smith	moved that	the City Clerk be	instructed	to ascertain from

all applicants for	liquor and	gaming whether or	not they have County licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes
none.

HARRY JAMESON	The written resignation of Harry Jameson, sexton at the cemetery, was read.

RESIGNATION   Commissioner Smith moved that the resignation be accepted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

MURRY CASE  	A letter signed by Harry H. Austin, acting city attorney, relative to 

defending an action in District Court entitled "T. M. Murry vs The City of Las
Vegas, et al" was read to the Board. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr.
Austin be retained for extra work on the aforementioned case at an extra
salary as he is only acting as City Attorney at the present time. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch after some discussion. No vote was taken and
the matter was postponed until the 4th of May.
RECREATION BUS   A letter was read from the Las Vegas Recreation Department relative to the

INSURANCE	insurance on the bus in the custody of the Boy Scout organization and the matter

was referred to the City Attorney to make a report as to whose liability it is
to keep this insurance up.

FIRE DEPARTMENT  	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be instructed to purchase a

TYPEWRITER	 	typewriter for the Fire Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

SUB FIRE STATION   Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. Fleming be hired to draw plans for a sub

fire station to be erected on property owned by the City on Charleston Boulevard
and the Purchasing Agent be instructed to negotiate with Mr. Fleming as to
terms and cost of said plans. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro

tem voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Comm-
issioner Tinch moved that the meeting adjourn until the 4th day of May, 1943.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes
none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 4, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of
May, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison,
at the hour of 7:35 P.M. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; and Deputy
City Clerk, Ruth Spaulding.

The members of the Board of City Commissioners having been furnished with
copies of the minutes of the last regular meeting of the Board, Commissioner
Smith moved that the minutes be approved by reference. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS  	Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 1068 to 1353, inclusive, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

WAR HOUSING  	Commissioner Clark moved that the City give permission to the War Housing

AUTHORITY  	Authority to operate within the City and that the same committee serve in the

City that is now serving the County. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until May 5, 1943 at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. because of the fact that City elections are being held this
day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.
Las Vegas, Nevada

May 5, 1943

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 5th
day of May, 1943. Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor, Mayor pro tem, C. R. Clark with the following members present:	

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City
Auditor, Mac Cazier and Deputy City Clerk, Ruth Spaulding. Absent, Mayor
Howell C. Garrison.

Approval of the Minutes of the meeting of May 4 was waived until the meeting
of May 17, 1943.

WAR HOUSING 	The following resolution was presented to the Board for consideration:

AUTHORITY 

RESOLUTION
RESOLUTION NO.______

RESOLUTION OP CONSENT FOR THE HOUSING
AUTHORITY OP THE COUNTY OP CLARK, NEVADA
TO OPERATE IN THE CITY OP LAS VEGAS

WHEREAS, the Housing Authority of the County of Clark, duly organized and
existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, (Stats, 1943,
Chapter 20, approved March 1, 1943) (hereinafter called the "Act"), desires to
operate in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, Section 3 of the Act provides that the area within the territor-
ial boundaries of any other City or County may be included within an Authority's
area of operation, as defined in said Act, if the governing body of such City
or County shall, by resolution, consent to such inclusion;

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE CITY COUNCIL OP THE CITY OP LAS VEGAS:

Section 1. That, pursuant to Section 3 of the Act, consent is hereby
	given to the Housing Authority of the County of Clark to operate in the City

of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to furnish the Housing
Authority of the County of Clark and appropriate officers and agencies of the
Federal Government with such certified copies of this resolution as may be
necessary for their purpose.

Section 3. That this resolution shall become effective immediately upon
passage and approval by the Mayor.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

PETITION		The petition of Mr. C. F. Reid requesting permission to conduct a gaming

C. F. REID 	casino and tavern on Westside at 1322 E. Street was again brought before the

Board. Another petition opposing a gaming casino and tavern at 1322 E. Street,
Westside, was also considered at this time. Since the petition of Mr. C. F.

Reid contained many more signatures than the opposing petition, Commissioner
Rubidoux moved that the application of Mr. C. P. Reid at 1322 N. E. St. for a
retail tavern liquor license and a gaming license at the same place for 1
poker game, 1 crap game and three slot machines be approved. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner
Smith passed; noes none,

LIQUOR APPLICATION  Commissioner Tinch moved that the Brown Derby Cafe at 320 Monroe St. be
BROWN DERBY	granted a retail beverage license. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and Mayor

pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.

a sealed package liquor license

LIQUOR & GAMING   Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Lou J. Werner at 16 and 18
LOU J. WERNER   Fremont Ave. for a retail tavern liquor license and an application for six

slot machines be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

GAMING RENEWALS 	Commissioner Tinch	moved that	the following gaming renewals	be approved.

 	Motion seconded by	Commissioner Rubidoux	and carried by the	following vote:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark,
voting aye; noes none.

Sewells Unites Stores	307	Fremont	2	slot	machines

Food Center	770	Fremont	7	slot	machines

Charleston Grocery	Charleston & Main	1 slot machine

Apache Hotel	2nd & Fremont	3 slot machines

El Cortez Hotel	612	Fremont	1	"21"	game

Victory Sandwich Shop #2	124½ N. 1st St.	1	slot	machine	

 	A certain petition	requesting	permission	for Hattie Smith to operate a 

HATTIE	SMITH	hamburger stand at the corner of F. & Adams Streets, Westside,	was presented to 

the Board and referred to the Planning Commission for their recommendation.

A certain petition requesting permission for Willie Logan, Jr. to operate an
WILLIE LOGAN, JR.  automobile repair shop on the back of his lot at the corner of D. and Van

Buren Streets, Westside, was presented to the Board and referred to the
Planning Commission for their recommendation.
 	Commissioner Tinch moved that Mr. Fred Thorn Pine he hired as Assistant Building

 	Inspector to replace Mr. C.	L. Hoge,	deceased, as of April 23rd	at a salary of

INSPECTOR	$180.00 per month. At this	time Mr.	Smith inquired if this	was 	an increase in

the salary for this position. Mr. Tinch said it was not. The motion was
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; 

noes none.

DISPOSAL PLANT    Commissioner Rubidoux moved	that George Wm. Redden be hired 	as helper at the new

HELPER	disposal plant beginning May 1, 1943	at a salary of $150.00	per	month. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

MANHOLE COVERS	Commissioner Smith moved that fifteen (15) manhole covers be sold to the

government by the City of Las Vegas at the actual cost of these covers to the
City. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL 	Commissioner Smith moved that the City of Las Vegas sell to the government as

POWER POLES  	many electrical power poles as the City has to spare at a price of $10.50 each.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

WAGE INCREASES	Due to the fact that Frank Partie, electrical lineman and T. C. Walsh, lineman

T. C. WALSH		helper, are now	working for sub-standard wages, Commissioner Rubidoux moved

FRANK PARTIE		that Mr. Partie	be given a raise from $225.00 to $250.00 per month and Mr.,Walsh

be given a raise from $180.00 to $200.00 per month beginning May 1, 1943. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner
Smith voted no.

CEMETERY SEXTON   Commissioner Tinch moved that Henry Deadrich be hired as of May 1 to replace
REPLACED	Harry Jameson as Sexton at the cemetery at the same salary as Mr. Jameson has

received. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark, voting

aye; Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.

SECRETARY	 	Commissioner Tinch moved that a secretary be hired at a salary of $140.00 per month

STREET DEPT.	 	to take care of	the clerical work for the Street Department as of May 6, 1943.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark, Voting aye;
Commissioner Smith voted No.

TWO-WAY RADIO  	Commissioner Tinch moved that the City give the County a letter informing them

WAVE LENGTH    	that their wave length on the two-way radio will not interfere with the wave

length of the City. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
 the following vote; Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

VIOLATION OF        A letter was read from Mr. Morling, Building Inspector, calling the attention
FIRE ORDINANCE     of the Board to the fact that Mr. S. D. Christie has moved a frame building on

the lot at 115 N. 1st St., which is in fire zone #2, without a permit. This
is in violation of the Fire Zoning Ordinance and Mr. Morling suggested that
the Board take legal steps to have this building removed. Commissioner Smith
moved that the matter be referred to the City Attorney for investigation and
action. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

RESOLUTION   The following Resolution was presented to the Board for consideration:

VEGAS TRANSIT  	 

COMPANY	R E SOLUTION

The Application of VEGAS TRANSIT CO. for an exclusive franchise to use the
public streets of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of operating a bus
line for the transportation of passengers within the limits of said City, for
a period of twenty-five years, having been presented to the Board of Commiss-
ioners, and having been duly considered by the Board, and it appearing to the
Board that the granting of such application and franchise, under the terms and
conditions hereinafter stated, shall be advantageous to the City of Las Vegas, 

NOW, THEREFORE,

BE IT RESOLVED:	That the application of VEGAS TRANSIT CO., a corporation

organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada,
for an exclusive franchise to use the public streets of the City of Las
Vegas, for the purpose of operating a bus line for the transportation of
passengers within the limits of said City, be and the same is hereby granted,
and there is hereby granted to said Vegas Transit Co. an exclusive franchise
to use the public streets of said City of Las Vegas for the purpose of
operating a bus line for the transportation of passengers within the limits of
said City, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter stated, to-wit:

Section 1
Routes

The grantee shall operate busses over the routes now being covered by it.
The grantee may, upon giving ten days notice to that effect, alter or change

any of said routes, or the direction of travel thereon, or add new or 

different temporary or permanent	routes.	

Section	2.	

Stops shall be made at every other street intersection along said routes,	

upon signal for	pick-up or	discharge	of passengers.	

Section	3.	

Tolls and	Fares	

The toll shall be 10¢ for each continuous ride over one route. Such toll	

shall not be increased without consent of the	Board of Commissioners:	such	

tolls, however, may be temporarily reduced by	the grantee upon giving	five	

days’ notice of 	such reduction.	

Section	4.	

Equipment.	

(a)	The	 grantee	 shall	 provide modern	up	to	date	equipment 	which	will 	meet	all	

requirements	 of the	laws	of	the State	of	 Nevada,and	of	the	 Ordinances of	the	

City of Las Vegas, and will be of sufficient number to meet the demands of	

the public.	

(b)	All equipment will be maintained in good	and proper condition so	as to	

provide at all times safe, sanitary, neat and	comfortable service to the users.	

Grantee shall provide a centrally located garage within the City of Las Vegas,	

with	mechanics available during	all hours of service.	

Section 5.	

INSURANCE.	

(a)	Grantee shall at all times	during the life of this franchise, carry and	

keep	in effect public liability	insurance, for the protection of passengers	

and the public as to personal injuries and property damage.

(b)	Grantee will accept and at	all times comply with the terms and conditions	

of the Nevada Industrial Insurance Act, and any amendments or additions thereto. 

Section	6.	

Territorial	Limits.	

This franchise shall be in force within the limits of the City of Las Vegas,	

Nevada, as they now exist or may hereafter be enlarged.

Section 7.	

Grantee	shall	commence operations under this franchise	immediately	after the	

granting hereof.	

Section 8.	

Grantee will pay to the City of Las Vegas as the consideration for this	

franchise and as a condition for the granting thereof, the sum of $50.00 per	

quarter	year,	per each bus in	service, payable	on or	before	the	first	day of	

each January,	April, July and	October, in each	year.	

	A bus shall be deemed in service when it has been used in the transportation	

of passengers under this franshise, for a period of at least forty-five days	

during any three months period.	

oOo	

Commissioner Tinch moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted. Motion	

seconded by	Commissioner Rubidoux and	carried	by	the	following	vote:	

Commissioners	Rubidoux, Tinch and His	Honor, Mayor	pro	tem,	voting	aye;	

Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.	

TWA LEASE 	After the TWA lease was checked by the City Attorney, Mr. Austin, Commissioner	

Rubidoux moved that the TWA lease be granted and that the City Clerk and the	

Mayor be authorized to sign same and that the City Clerk bring the billing	

for the space in the airport building up to date and notify TWA that after	

this billing their rent is due and payable on the first of each month and	

they will not be billed by the City from now on. Motion seconded by	

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following	 vote:	Commissioners 	Rubidoux,	

Smith, Tinch and His Honor Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

TRAFFIC	At this time the Traffic Ordinance was referred to Mr. Austin, City Attorney,	

ORDINANCE         for revision.	

MILK ORDINANCE	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the amendment to the milk ordinance be denied.	

AMENDMENT		Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye;	

Commissioner Rubidoux voted no.

GAMING	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of the Boulder Drug at 131	

BOULDER DRUG 	Fremont Ave. for six (6) slot machines be granted. Motion seconded by	

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the	following	vote:	Commissioners	

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes	

none.	
SIDEWALK	A bid for $160.00 from Honrath Bros. on the installation of the two	proposed

WAR MEMORIAL	 	strips of sidewalk in front of the War Memorial Building was opened	at this

BUILDING	time. The matter was held over to ascertain which bid was the most advantageous

to the City from the standpoint of materials and construction.

USO BUILDING	 	A letter from Walter F. Hansen, Field Recreation Representative, of	the Federal

INSURANCE	 	Security Agency stating that if the community wished to protect its	possible

future equity in the USO building, the City should provide fire insurance 

coverage on said building. The matter was turned over to Commissioner Smith for
investigation and report.

HIRING ATTORNEY    Commissioner Tinch moved that the matter of hiring an attorney to defend the
TO DEFEND CITY    City in the	Murry case	be turned over to a committee consisting of Commissioner

IN MURRY CASE	Smith and Commissioner	Clark.	Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

BUILDING	Mr. Al Drew, Electrical Inspector and Mr. O. J. Morling, Building Inspector

INSPECTION  	reported to	the Board that the	A. E. Kiser contractors refuse to have the City

REFUSED ON	inspect the	homes they	are now	constructing, adjacent to the Kelso-Turner tract,

GOVERNMENT	as it is a government project. Commissioner Smith moved that the City 

PROJECTS	Inspectors be Instructed to proceed with these inspections unless the A. E. Kiser

Company can prove conclusively that they are exempt from said inspection.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

BUILDING  	The matter of the 1943 Building Code was held over until the next regular

CODE	meeting.

LAS VEGAS  	A letter was read from the Las Vegas Building Exchange Ass'n stating that the

BUILDING  	procedure of the City Clerk's office in requiring that all contractors produce

EXCHANGE	their State license before a City license is issued, meets with their hearty

approval. The letter was ordered filed.

BUILDING	A letter from Mr. O. J. Morling, Building Inspector, making a report on the

INSPECTOR	 	progress of bringing the substandard buildings in the Fourteenth Street Addition

up to specification was read and ordered filed.

REPORT	   The report of the Building Inspector for the month of April was read and ordered

BUILDING INSP.      filed.

REPORT	The report of the Street Superintendent for the month of April was read and

STREET SUPT.       ordered filed.

STREET DEPT.  	A letter from the War Finance Committee regarding the painting of city 

PAINTING  	equipment or property to include the slogan "Buy More War Bonds", was read to the

Board. A copy of this letter was ordered sent to the Street Department with
instructions that if any paint jobs are coming up the Board should be notified
in order that the request may be reviewed.

WAR BOND	 Consideration of Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 1 in regard to salary 

SALARY-WITHOLDING  deductions for war bonds in the State, Counties, Cities and Municipalities was held

over until the next meeting.

PROTEST	  A letter from Mrs. LeRoy Christensen protesting the operation of a gaming and

MRS. CHRISTENSEN   liquor business at E. and Jackson Streets, Westside was read and ordered filed.

SOLS CLOTHING	 	The application of C. R. Millheizer for a slot machine license at	Sols Clothing

GAMING	 	Store at 509 Jackson St. was held over for further investigation.

NAVAJO GRILL	 	The application of Irving Weiner for a beer license at 419 S. 5th	St. was 

referred to the police for further investigation.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Rubidoux, moved that the meeting adjourn until May 17th at 7:30
P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor Mayor pro tem voting aye;
noes none.
Las Vegas, Nevada

May 17, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 17th day
of May, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor pro tem C. R.

Clark at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the following members present:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City
Auditor, Mac Cazier; Deputy City Clerks LaVera LeMarinel and Ruth Spaulding.
Absent; Mayor Howell C. Garrison.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Minutes of the Meetings of May 4th and
May 5th, 1943 be approved and accepted by reference. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

VOUCHERS	  Commissioner Tinch moved that vouchers #1354 to #1718, inclusive, be approved

1354 to 1718 V and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

GAMING	  Commissioner Tinch moved that the following applications for gaming licenses

NEW APPLICATIONS   be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

Boulder Drug Co.	121 E. Fremont	1	slot machine

Bill Connell & Tony	Pappas	119 N. 1st St.	2	slot machines

Warners	16 & 18 E. Fremont	1	Craps

1 Wheel
1 Roulette
1 "21" Game
1 Poker

LIQUOR	Commissioner Tinch moved that a retail cabaret liquor license be granted to

NEW APPLICATIONS   R. J. Kaltenborn at the corner of 1st and Ogden Streets. Motion died for
R.J. KALTENBORN   want of a second.

LIQUOR	The application of P. O. Silvagni for an importer's beverage liquor license

NEW APPLICATION    was held over for proof from him that he has obtained his state license.

APACHE HOTEL      The City Clerk was instructed to notify him of this fact.

LIQUOR	Commissioner Tinch moved that C.A. Jones of the Pioneer Cocktail Lounge at

RENEWAL	    25 E. Fremont St., be granted an importers beverage liquor license renewal.

C.A. JONES	Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark
voting aye; noes none. Commissioner Smith stated at this time that the City
Clerk’s office should require some proof from the applicant that he has
his state license, when applying for an importer’s beverage liquor license,
before his application and deposit are accepted for a city license.

NAVAJO GRILL	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Irving Weiner for a beer

BEER APPLICATION   license at the Navajo Grill, 419 S. 5th St. be denied. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

GAMING	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of C. R. Millhizer for a

SOLS CLOTHING     slot machine license at Sols Clothing Store, 509 Jackson St., be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye;
Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.

ORDINANCE	 	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating Travel

TRAFFIC	 	and Traffic upon the Public Streets, Establishing a Central Traffic District;

and Providing a Penalty for the Breach of any of the Rules or Regulations
Regarding Traffic in this Ordinance Provided; and Repealing Ordinances
Nos. 66-68-69-86-90-94-120-124-125-127-141 and 143 of the City of Las Vegas
and all Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Herewith." was read
to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Tinch moved that said Ordinance
be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark

voting aye; noes none.

RECREATION BOARD A letter from Jack J. McNutt, presenting his resignation as Chairman of the
JACK MC NUTT    Recreation Board of Las Vegas, was read to the Board. Commissioner Tinch
RESIGNATION	  moved that Mr. McNutt’s resignation be accepted. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

RECREATION BOARD Commissioner Tinch moved that the appointment by the Recreation Board of Mr.
MEMBERSHIP	  Lloyd Tritle, Ranger Arnold Hanson, U.S. Forest Service, the Rev. E. A. Wessell,

REPLACEMENT     and Gwendolyn Woolley to fill the vacancies of Mrs. Leo McNamee, Miss Maude

Frazier, Stephen Girard and Jack McNutt be approved. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.
ZONING ORDINANCE  	A letter was read from Mr. O. J. Morling, Building Inspector, in which he

VIOLATIONS	stated that he had given notice to several persons to remove trailers

and shacks that were in violation of the Zoning Ordinance and that the
owners of said trailers and shacks informed him that they had been to the
Office of Price and Rent Administration where they were told they did not
have to comply with this Ordinance. Commissioner Smith moved that the
Building Inspector he instructed to take the necessary steps to enforce
this Zoning Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

SUB-FIRE STATION  	At this time Mr. Jos. A. Fleming submitted plans for a proposed sub-fire

engine house. These plans were held for further study before action is

GAMING	taken.

NEW APPLICATIONS        Commissioner Tinch moved that the application for the following gaming

licenses be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

Jack Pot	116 Fremont Ave.	3 slot machines

1 "21" game

Esquire	120 S. 2nd St.	1 slot machine

PLANNING BOARD	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the appointment of Mr. Al Worswick to

AL WORSWICK	 	the Planning Board to replace Mrs. Dimick, whose term has expired, be

APPOINTED	 	approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner Tinch voted no.

AL DREW	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. Al Drew be allowed expenses to attend

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER'S   the chapter meeting of the Electrical Engineers at Long Beach on May 26th 
MEETING - LONG BEACH and 27th and that he be given the remainder of that week off. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Smith 

passed; noes none.

REPORT	A report from Mr. Al Drew	regarding	improvements at the Airport 

 ELECTRICAL DEPT.  	Administration Building 	was	read and ordered held for further	 study.

BOY SCOUT BUS	 	A letter from	Mr.	Kenneth	Van Vorst	of the Recreation Department 

INSURANCE	 	concerning insurance 	for	the Boy	Scout bus	was read to the	 Board and ordered

filed.

ELECTRICAL DEPT.	 	A letter from Mr. Al Drew, Electrical Department, requesting	the Board to

EXAMINING BOARD	 	appoint two commissioners to sit on the Electrical	Examining	Board for

Master Electricians was read and ordered held for further consideration.

DELINQUENT MILK	 	At this time Commissioner Smith read a letter from	Mr. Harry	H. Austin,

INSPECTION FEES	City Attorney, stating that the six dairies listed	as delinquent in their

milk inspection fees, namely:	Anderson’s Dairy, Creamland Dairy, Heinie’s

Select Dairy, Gwynn’s Dairy, Rancho Grande and Oppedyk Dairy have been
notified that unless these fees are paid up to date in compliance with
the Milk Ordinance, legal steps will be taken to collect said fees.

MURRY CABINS  	Commissioner Smith stated at this time that the Murry Cabins case, in

which the City is involved, has been postponed to June 10, 1943.

L.V. HOSPITAL  	Commissioner Smith read a letter from Mrs. Viola Burns of the Las Vegas

ASSOCIATION  	Hospital Association asking if the City still investigates the credit

rating of persons before placing them on the City payroll and intimated
that several city employees are now in arrears with their payments to the
Las Vegas Hospital Association. Mr. Smith stated that he called Mrs.

Burns on the phone and told her that the present Board of Commissioners
does not investigate the credit rating of prospective employees as Las
Vegas now has a Credit Bureau for that purpose. Mr. Smith stated that
he did not think the Board of Commissioners should set up a collection
agency and the Board concurred. This letter was ordered filed.

U.S.O. BUILDING  	Commissioner Smith read a letter from Walter F. Hansen of the Federal

FIRE INSURANCE	Security Agency which suggested that the City of Las Vegas provide fire

insurance on the U.S.O. building to protect its possible future equity
in the building. To determine the City’s equity in said building, 

Commissioner Smith wrote Mr. Wright L. Felt, Assistant Regional Director of
the F.W.A. who in turn made the following statement by letter:

"This will acknowledge receipt of your letter of May 7 concerning the
present ownership and future disposition of the Recreation Center in the
City of Las Vegas constructed by the Federal Government under this project.
The land and building are owned by the United States of America and it
cannot be stated at this time what disposition will be made of the building
after termination of the War." In view of the foregoing statement,
Commissioner Smith felt that the City has virtually no equity In this
building and, therefore, should not provide fire insurance coverage.
Commissioner Smith moved that his report be accepted, and that the City
Clerk inform Mr. Van Vorst, by letter, of the action taken on this matter.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark
voting aye; noes none.
PRIORITIES  	Commissioner Smith moved that Mr. Cazier, Purchasing Agent, he authorized

to accept the invitation of the government priorities agencies in Los Angeles
to contact them personally, with a view to clarification of procedure which
may eliminate unnecessary delay in securing priorities for the City of Las
Vegas and, also, that Mr. Cazier's expenses for the trip be paid by the City.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark
voting aye; noes none.

CHAINMAN	Commissioner Tinch moved that Ralph Allison be hired as of May 17th at $175.00

EMPLOYED	     per month to replace Robert Ball, chainman, who left the employ of the City

RALPH ALLISON last December. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

CEMETERY HELPER   Commissioner Tinch moved that smother man be hired as helper at the cemetery
HIRED	at a salary of $160.00 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His

Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner Smith voted no.

POLICE DEPT.  	Commissioner Clark moved that the cook at the city jail be granted a salary

COOK'S SALARY  	raise to $150.00 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried

RAISED	by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner Smith voted no.

The Board at this time proceeded to make a canvass of the 2,134 ballots cast
at the General City Election held on the 4th day of May, 1943 for the election
of a Mayor, a City Attorney, a Municipal Judge, a Commissioner 1st class,
a Commissioner 3rd Class and the Question "Shall the City of Las Vegas Adopt
a City Manager Form of Municipal Government?" and the result of said canvass
is as follows:

FOR MAYOR

CRAGIN, E. W.

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	178

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	2	118

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	3	138

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	4	91

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	5	124

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	6	126

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	7	122

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	8	66

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	9	103

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	10	76

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	11	128

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	12	138

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	13	120

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	14	123

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	15	101

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	16	91

Total 1,843

FOR CITY ATTORNEY

AUSTIN. HARRY H.

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	168

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	2	98

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	3	122

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	4	71

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	5	102

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	6	102

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	7	92

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	8	54

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	9	96

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	10	0

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	11	106

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	12	114

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	13	98

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	14	102

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	15	82

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	16	74

Total 1,481

FOR MUNICIPAL JUDGE

BLAD, A. G. "GUS"

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	144

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	2	100

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	3	142

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	4	95

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	5	116

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	6	107

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	7	104

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	8	64

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	9	77

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	10	67

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	11	99

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	12	121

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	13	102

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	14	103

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	15	94

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	16	67

Total 1,602
BONDLEY, GEORGE

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	1	22

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	2	8

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	3	5

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	4	6

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	5	4

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	6	8

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	7	9

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	8	3

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	9	12

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	10	10

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	11	15

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	12	12

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	13	8

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	14	11

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	15	4

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	16	14

Total 151

JOHNSON, E.H. "JACK"

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	1	31

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	2	15

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	3	7

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	4	11

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	5	10

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	6	19

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	7	16

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	8	8

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	9	18

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	10	14

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	11	17

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	12	22

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	13	20

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	14	23

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	15	10

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	16	13

Total 254

FOR COMMISSIONER FIRST CLASS

BATES. WALTER B.

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	1	108

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	2	69

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	3	91

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	4	62

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	5	96

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	6	88

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	7	102

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	8	46

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	9	69

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	10	69

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	11	77

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	12	103

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	13	89

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	14	89

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	15	75

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	16	45

Total 1,278

TINCH, M. C.

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	1	92

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	2	56

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	3	56

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	4	39

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	5	39

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	6	47

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	7	30

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	8	26

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	9	46

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	10	22

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	11	61

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	12	46

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	13	46

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	14	52

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	15	40

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	16	47

Total 745

FOR COMMISSIONER THIRD CLASS

CORRADETTI, A.

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	1	67

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	2	47

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	3	72

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	4	53

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	5	71

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	6	71

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	7	71

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	8	35

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	9	27

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	10	41

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	11	39

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	12	88

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	13	45

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	14	55

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	15	57

Las Vegas	Precinct No.	16	43

Total 882
CUMMINGS, PHIL

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	63

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	2	33

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	3	33

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	4	18

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	5	35

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	6	23

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	7	33

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	8	7

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	9	35

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	10	30

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	11	29

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	12	39

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	13	36

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	14	32

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	15	31

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	16	14

Total 491

RUBIDOUX, A. P.

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	51

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	2	27

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	3	28

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	4	24

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	5	19

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	6	25

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	7	19

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	8	25

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	9	38

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	10	8

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	11	46

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	12	23

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	13	34

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	14	41

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	15	24

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	16	27

Total 459

WEST. EARL

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	26

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	2	18

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	3	10

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	4	8

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	5	8

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	6	21

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	7	7

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	8	9

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	9	13

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	10	14

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	11	32

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	12	5

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	13	20

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	14	15

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	15	4

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	16	12

Total 222

On the Question "Shall the City of Las Vegas Adopt a City Manager Form of

Municipal Government?”

VOTING - YES

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	63

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	2	57

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	3	83

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	4	61

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	5	68

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	6	83

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	7	78

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	8	44

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	9	35

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	10	50

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	11	42

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	12	87

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	13	68

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	14	63

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	15	59

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	16	41

Total 982

VOTING - NO

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	1	104

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	2	55

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	3	56

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	4	31

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	5	48

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	6	47

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	7	40

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	8	25

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	9	47

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	10	41

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	11	69

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	12	52

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	13	50

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	14	67

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	15	43

Las Vegas	Precinct	No.	16	47

Total 822
THEREUPON it appearing to the Board that the following candidates received a
plurality of all votes cast for their respective offices, Commissioner Smith
moved that:

E. W. Cragin be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years and it was further Resolved that
the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election
to said E. W. Cragin;

Harry H. Austin be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City
Attorney for the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years and it was further
Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a 

certificate of election to said Harry H. Austin;

A. G. Blad be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected Municipal Judge
of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years and it was further Resolved
that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to said A. G. Blad;

Walter B. Bates be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected 

Commissioner First Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years and

it was further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue 

a certificate of election to said Walter B. Bates;

A. Corradetti be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner
Third Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years and it was
further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to said A. Corradetti;

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

Commissioner Smith moved that a City Manager Form of Government be and is hereby
established this 17th day of May, 1943 in recognition of the will of qualified
voters casting a majority vote and that said city manager shall be appointed
at some future date after having been chosen on the basis of his executive and
administrative qualifications with special reference to his actual experience
in, or knowledge of, accepted practices in municipal affairs as so specified in
Assembly Bill No. 182 which constitutes an amendment to the Las Vegas City
Charter, Chapter 2, Section 16½. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the meeting adjourn until June 4, 1943 at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held in the Commissioners' Council Chamber in the War
Memorial Building on Wednesday, the 26th day of May, 1943 at the hour of 10:00
A. M., to act upon the following business:

1.	The application of the Veterans of Foreign Wars for
permission to have a carnival.

2.	The application of the Army for use of the Auditorium
gratis - June 1st.

Pat Clark
Mayor pro tem

A. P. Rubidoux
Commissioner

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HOWELL C. GARRISON, and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, A. P. Rubidoux and

A. F. Smith, Sr., Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call this

day issued by Commissioners Pat Clark and A. P. Rubidoux a Special Meeting
of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held
in the Commissioners Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Wednesday,
the 26th day of May, 1943, at the hour of 10:00 A. M., to consider the 

following:
1.	The application of the Veterans of Foreign Wars for permission
to have a carnival.

2.	The application of the U. S. Army for use of the Auditorium
- gratis - June 1st.

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

Pat Clark_____________ A. F. Smith,Sr.________________________________________

A. P. Rubidoux________ M. C. Tinch____________________________________________

A Special Meeting was called to order at 10:00 A. M. on May 26, 1943 by His
Honor, Mayor pro tem C. R. Clark with the following members present:

Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Commissioner
Smith was absent on account of being subpoened to appear before the Grand Jury.
VETERANS OF    Commissioner Tinch moved that the request of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, for
FOREIGN WARS permission to sponsor Siebrand's Shows in the City of Las Vegas for the period of
CARNIVAL	June 2nd to June 16th and to use the parking space in front of the City race track,

be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye;

noes none.

MEMORAIL HALL   The Chamber of Commerce have requested that the Board of City Commissioners allow
U.S. ARMY     the Army to have the use of the War Memorial Hall, gratis, for an all soldier
revue on Tuesday, June 1, 1943. Commissioner Tinch moved that this request be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 4, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of June,
1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark with the 

following members present: Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux and Tinch; City Auditor,

Mac Cazier; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Absent; Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the minutes of the last regular meeting held May 17th
and for the special meeting held May the 27th be approved by reference. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote: Commission-

ers Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Vouchers #1719 to 2007, inclusive, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye;
noes none.

ORDINANCE   An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating Travel and
#283	  Traffic upon the Public Streets, Establishing a Central Traffic District; and

Providing a Penalty for the Breach of any of the Rules or Regulations Regarding
Traffic in this Ordinance Provided; and Repealing Ordinances Nos. 66-68-69-86-
90-94-120-124-125-127-141 and 143 of the City of Las Vegas and all Ordinances and
Parts of Ordinances	in Conflict Herewith." was read	to	the Board for the	second

time. Commissioner	Smith moved the adoption of the	foregoing Ordinance.	Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.
Absent, Mayor Garrison.

GAMING	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of L.	L.	Snyder for a slot	machine

L. L.	SNYDER   license at Snyder's	Confectionery and General Store	at	300 Bonanza Road be

approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye;
noe s none.
GAMING	 	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Dave Wolzinger for a slot

PONY EXPRESS  	machine license at the Pony Express Depot, 123 S. 1st St., be approved. Motion

DEPOT	seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

GAMING	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of H. W. Tammany for a slot machine

TWIN LAKE	 	license at the Twin Lakes Farm swimming pool be granted. Motion seconded by

FARM	Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

GAMING	 	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of P. L. Jefferson for a slot

BROWN DERBY	machine license at the Brown Derby Cafe at 320 N. Monroe St. be approved.

CAFE	Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

AUDIT	 	A communication addressed to Mr. A. F. Smith, Sr., relative to auditing of the

GEORGE H. WOOD  	City books was read to the Board at this time. Thereafter, Commissioner Rubidoux

moved that an audit be made by Mr. Wood according to the terms of his letter
dated May 31, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

OPINION	A letter was read from Harry H. Austin, Esq., City Attorney, relative to the change

CITY ATTORNEY  	In salary of the City elective officers and the Chief of Police. Thereafter,

SALARY	 	Commissioner Smith moved that Mr. Austin be thanked for furnishing the 

information and that the letter be incorporated in the minutes. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

(Copy of Mr. Austin's letter)

June 3, 1943

Honorable Members of the Board of City Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

I have been requested by Commissioner Smith to report upon the changes in sal-
aries of certain city officials made by the recent Legislature.

Chapter 179 of the Statutes of 1943 provides:	"The Board of Commissioners may

appoint a Chief of Police with a salary of not to exceed three thousand six
hundred. ($3,600.00) dollars per annum, payable in equal monthly installments."
Obviously this provision authorizes the Board to pay the Chief of Police any
amount not to exceed the said sum of $3,600.00 per annum.

Section 10 of Chapter 2 of the City Charter was amended, and now reads as
follows:

"From and after the first Monday of June 1943 the elected city officials of the
city of Las Vegas shall receive the following salaries and compensations:	The

mayor of the City of Las Vegas shall receive as remuneration for his services
the sum of fifteen hundred($1,500) dollars per annum; each of the city
commissioners shall receive the sum of twelve hundred ($1,200) dollars per
annum; the city clerk shall receive the sum of three thousand ($3,000)dollars
per annum; the city attorney shall receive the sum of three thousand ($3,000)
dollars per annum; the judge of the municipal court shall receive the sum of
eighteen hundred ($1,800) dollars per annum; which shall be full compensation
for all services rendered said city of Las Vegas. All salaries named in this
section shall be payable in equal monthly installments."

The Clerk's office has asked me when these changes in salaries become operative,
and you will, of course, observe that from the above Section 10 they take effect
from and after the first Monday of June, 1943, therefore, all salaries should be
figured at the old rate to June 7th of this year, and the salaries
as provided in Section 10 as stated in the bill, become operative from and
after the first Monday of June, 1943, which is June 7th of this year.

I am mailing a copy of this letter to the City Clerk in order that her office
may have it there for reference.

Yours very truly,

(S) Harry H. Austin

Acting City Attorney

HELLDORADO  	A letter was read signed by Lou Gammell thanking the City of Las Vegas for

their assistance In making the Helldorado a success and same was ordered filed.

MONTHLY REPORT   The report of the Plumbing Inspector for the month of May was read and
R. H. ELSER	ordered filed.

MURRY	Some discussion was had as to whether or not the Board of City Commissioners

CASE	 	had the legal right to hire Mr. Austin to defend the City of Las Vegas in the

T. M. Murry suit, now pending, at extra money. At this time Mr. Austin stated
that the City of Las Vegas had the legal right to employ him or anyone else to
act in the aforementioned case at extra money. Thereafter, Commissioner Tinch
moved that Mr. Austin be retained to defend the City of Las Vegas in the
Murry suit at the sum of $1,000 to be paid for District Court case and
if necessary to go to the Supreme Court at an additional $500. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; 

Commissioner Smith voted no.
There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, 

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until 10:00 A.M. June the 7th, 1943.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
any; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7, 1943

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th
day of June, 1943. Meeting called to order at the hour of 10:00 A.M. by His Honor,
Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners Clark,

Bates, Corradetti, Smith; City Auditor and Purchasing Agent, Mac Cazier; and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent; Harry H. Austin, City Attorney.

At this time Mayor Cragin outlined his program stating his intentions and policies
for the term and thereafter made the following appointments: Commissioner of
Finance, A. F. Smith, Sr.; Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights, C. R. "Pat" 

Clark; Commissioner of Streets, Walter B. Bates; Commissioner of Police and
Fire, A. L. Corradetti.

APPOINTMENT     Commissioner Corradetti moved that A. F. Smith, Sr. be appointed Mayor pro tem.
MAYOR PRO TEM   Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:

A. F. SMITH     Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting

aye; noes none. Commissioner Smith at this time thanked the Board for the honor
bestowed upon him.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved as
read. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting
aye; noes none.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until 2:00 P.M.
this date. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor

Cragin voting aye; noes none.

--oOo---

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 2:30 P.M. with all members present as of
the opening session this date.

BOARD MEETINGS  Commissioner Smith moved that the Board of Commissioners meet, in the future, at
2nd & 16th      2:00 P.M. on the 2nd and 16th days of each month. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and	carried by	the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,	Clark,	Corradetti,

Smith and	His Honor,	Mayor Cragin voting	aye; noes none.

DEPUTY CLERKS   Commissioner Smith moved that the office girls in the City Clerk's office have
SALARIES	their monthly salary set at $150.00 a month in lieu of $140.00 a month, beginning

as of June 7, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor

Cragin voting aye; noes none.

SALARY	Commissioner Smith moved that Mac Cazier's salary be increased from $200.00 per

MAC CAZIER    month to $300.00 per month beginning June 7, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and	carried by	the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,	Clark,	Corradetti,

Smith and	His Honor,	Mayor Cragin voting	aye; noes none.

STERLING	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Auditor be authorized to secure three bids

TRUCK	 	for overhauling the Sterling truck in the Electrical Department. Motion seconded

OVERHAUL	by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes none.

PROPHYLAXIS 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Government be allowed to renew the lease on the

STATION	 	prophylaxis station at the Police Station for a period of one year from July 1,

LEASE	 	1943 to June 30, 1944 at a monthly rental of $15.00 and the Mayor and City Clerk

authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor,

Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes none.

CITY	 	A letter dated May 24, 1943 and signed by Charles F. Thomas, Jr., Secretary of the

STATIONERY  	Typographical Union asking the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to see

UNION LABEL   that all City printing bear the Union label, was read to the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that all City stationery hereafter bear the
Union label. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin

voting aye; noes none.
P. O. SILVAGNI      Commissioner Bates moved that P. O. Silvagni he granted an importer's beverage
IMPORTERS BEVERAGE liquor license for the	Apache Bar at Second and Fremont St.	Motion seconded by

LICENSE	Commissioner Clark and	carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes none.

CLAIMS	Two claims in the sums of $275.00 and $300.00 covering refund on application

R. J. KALTENBORN   for a liquor license presented by R. J. Kaltenborn were read to the Board at

this time. Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the claims of R. J.

Kaltenborn in the total sum of $575.00 be granted. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes none.

There being no further	business to come before the Board at this time, 

Commissioner Clark moved that	this meeting adjourn until June 16th	at the hour of 2:00

P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting
aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
June, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the
hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members present: Commissioners Clark,
Corradetti, Smith, Bates; City Auditor, Mac Cazier; City Attorney, Harry H.
Austin and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved
by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Clark, Corradetti, Smith, Bates and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	 	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers #2008 to #2180, inclusive, be approved

2008 to 2180  	and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

LAS VEGAS	A letter was read from the Las Vegas Junior Chamber of Commerce requesting the

JUNIOR CHAMBER     use of the City park facilities for the purpose of promoting a wild west show
OF COMMERCE        on Saturday and Sunday, July 3rd and 4th. Commissioner Bates moved that 
CITY PARK	permission be granted and that the Junior Chamber of Commerce be requested to

provide proper property damage and public liability insurance, with limits of
50,000/100,000, and to defray all expenses in connection with preparing the
grounds. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Corradetti, Smith, Bates and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

MILK ORDINANCE     Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Smith be instructed to sign 
VIOLATIONS	complaints against certain violators of the Milk Ordinance of the City of Las

Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

WHITE FRONT	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of P. E. Brown for a slot

GAMING APPLICAT-   machine license at the White Front filling station, 313 N. Main St., be denied.
ION DENIED        Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Smith, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

HERMAN BANKS	 	Commissioner Clark moved that Herman Banks be employed as Poundmaster at a

POUNDMASTER	 	salary of $30.00 a month and that he be required to furnish a telephone at his

home in order to take calls at any time. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ENGINEERING	 	Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Davis be hired as an instrument man to 

DEPARTMENT	 	replace Mr. Williams in the Engineering Department at a salary of $190.00 per

INSTRUMENT MAN month on a six months temporary basis. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
HIRED	and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL BOARD   Commissioner Clark moved that the following appointments be made to the 
APPOINTED	Electrical Examining Board:

Samson Electric Co. - Representing the Contractors
R. J. Reitz - Representing the Journeymen
E. D. Wilson - Representing the Power Company
Al Drew - Secretary

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.


PURCHASING	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendations of Commissioner Smith and

DEPARTMENT  	Mr. Cazier in regard to procedure of City purchasing be adopted and the Mayor

PROCEDURE  	authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and

carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

AIRPORT	Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. A1 Drew be instructed to proceed with

ADMINISTRATION     improvements on the Airport Administration Building as submitted in his letter
BUILDING	    of May 11th at a cost not to exceed $108.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner.

IMPROVEMENTS     Corradetti and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bates, Clark

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

WAR MEMORIAL   Commissioner Bates moved that Al Drew be appointed custodian of the War
BUILDING      Memorial Building for arrangements, preparations and detail necessary for the
CUSTODIAN	use of the building and repairs and maintenance shall come under his 

jurisdiction. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor 

voting aye; noes none.

VOLUNTEER	  Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Rex Jarrett for $138.00 covering the

FIRE DEPARTMENT   insurance on the Volunteer Firemen be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner
INSURANCE	Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

C.A.A. LEASE       After considering the report of the City Attorney on the C.A.A. lease, 

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to write a letter to 

the C.A.A. informing them that the City will not approve the lease in its present
form and suggesting that they contact the City Attorney in an effort to work
out a satisfactory lease and further that a copy of the opinion of the City
Attorney be submitted to C.A.A.

BOY SCOUT BUS       Commissioner Smith moved that the City remit the cost of insurance on the Boy
INSURANCE	Scout bus, owned jointly by the Boy Scouts and the City of Las Vegas, and that

the City Aduitor be instructed to obtain the necessary insurance to cover said
bus and in turn bill the Boy Scouts for one-half the cost. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until July 2
at the hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 2, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this second day
of July, 1943. Meeting called to order at the hour of 2:00 P.M. by Mayor pro
tem Smith with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

and Corradetti; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City Auditor, Mac Cazier and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent; Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the previous meeting of June 16th
be approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Bates moved that vouchers 2181 to 2461, inclusive be allowed and

2181 to 2461  	and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute same. Motion

INCLUSIVE	seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting
aye; noes none.

SKATING RINK	At this time a certain petition signed by a number of property owners protesting

LICENSE DENIED    the renewal of a license for the skating rink at Linden Ave. and 5th St. was

presented to the Board for their consideration. Also a letter signed by
William L. Hooper asking for the renewal of the license for the skating rink at
the foregoing address. This matter having heretofore been given careful con-
sideration, Commissioner Corradetti moved that the license for the skating rink
be denied. Motion was seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.
REMOTE CONTROL	On request of the Civil Aeronautics Administration of the United States,  

STATION	  Commissioner Bates moved that the lease between the government and the City of Las Vegas,	

MUNICIPAL AIRPORT	covering lease for a frame building located on the Las Vegas Airport for use of	

LEASE	the remote control quarters - Contract C-6ca-372 - be cancelled. Motion seconded	

CANCELLED	by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,	

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.	

ZONING ORDINANCE	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk notify the parties responsible for	

VIOLATION	violation of the Zoning Ordinance on north 1st St. near the Nevada Bar to either	

comply with the Zoning Ordinance at once or remove the buildings thereon within	

the next 48 hours. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor
pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

VETERINARIAN        Commissioner Bates moved that the Building Inspector be instructed not to issue
HOSPITAL	any building permits to Dr. Bernkrant for the purpose of housing dogs at his 

ORDERED REMOVED      hospital on 14th St. and, further, that Dr. Bernkrant be notified to discontinue

said hospital at 14th St. in the 300 block on the north side within thirty days
from this date, as it is in violation of the Zoning Ordinance. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.	

GRIFFITH BUILDING  	Commissioner Bates moved that the action taken by himself and the Building	

IMPROVEMENTS	 	Inspector regarding the improvements to be made in reducing the fire hazard in

the building located on the southwest corner of Fremont and 2nd Streets and
owned by R. B. Griffith of Las Vegas, be approved by the Board. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes
none.

C. C. SARGENT	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the duties of Mr. C. C. Sargent, Fire Marshall

HIRED AS	be combined with license tax collector and superintendent of garbage fee 

FIRE MARSHALL	collections, effective July 1, 1943 and his time as such to be distributed as follows:

AND LICENSE  	l/3 as Fire Marshall and 2/3 License Tax Collector and Garbage Fee Collector,

TAX COLLECTOR	to work in the latter services direct from the office of the City Clerk and the

Finance and Revenue Department at a salary of $250.00 per monty; $100.00 of
which will be paid from the Fire Department budget and $150.00 from the City
Clerk's budget. The latter department to furnish the Collector with a city
owned car and maintenance of same at city expense. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Fates and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none. Commissioner Corradetti
stated that Mr. Sargent has been sworn in as a police officer.

BONANZA STAR	Commissioner Bates moved that the beer license #28860 granted the Bonanza Star

LICENSES  	on the 24th day of June, 1943 be revoked and that the application of C. R.

REVOKED AND  	Millheizer for permission to operate 5 slot machines in the Bonanza Star at

DENIED	416 Bonanza Road, Westside, be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

AL DREW - CITY	Commissioner Bates moved	that the resignation of A1 Drew be accepted. Motion

ELECTRICIAN        seconded by Commissioner	Corradetti and carried by the following vote; 

RESIGNED	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem voting aye; Commissioner

Clark voted no.

HARRY H. AUSTIN	Commissioner Bates moved that the resignation of Harry H. Austin, City Attorney

CITY ATTORNEY  	be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the

RESIGNATION	following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem voting aye; noes none.

STENOGRAPHER'S	Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Austin be refunded $5.00 which he had expended

SALARY	 	personally on an action in the District Court and that the matter of the

CITY ATTORNEY’S  	secretary's salary be carried	over until such	time as discussion is had with

OFFICE	Mayor Cragin. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro
tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

LOUIS WIENER, JR. Commissioner Bates moved that Louis Wiener, Jr. be appointed, on a temporary
APPOINTED	  basis, as city attorney to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of

CITY ATTORNEY	Harry H. Austin, Esq. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried

by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

"THE OLD WEST"	Commissioner Bates moved that the retail tavern liquor license heretofore

APPLICATION	granted to "The Old West” at 16-18 Fremont Ave. be revoked and that the 

DENIED	application of Lou J. Warner for a gaming license at the same address be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye;
Commissioner Clark voted no.

JAKE ENSLEY	CAFE	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Jake Ensley for a slot

 	machine license at 220 N. 1st St. be granted and that the application of said

APPLICATION	party for 1 Poker game and 1 Crap game at the aforementioned address be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
voting aye; noes none.

"STAR BAR"	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Earl Bennett for 

GAMING	 	permission to operate 4 slot machines at the "Star Bar" on Bonanza Road, Westside,	be

APPLICATION	 	denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates can carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem

voting aye; noes none.
"CLUB ALABAM"	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Joe LaDue for a retail tavern

GAMING AND  	liquor license and for gaming license at the "Club Alabam", 1400 "F" St.,

LIQUOR	 	Westside, be denied, and any gaming or liquor licenses which might have been

APPLICATIONS	issued for this quarter are hereby revoked. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; Commissioner Clark voted no.

GAMING	Commissioner Bates moved that renewal of the following gaming applications be

APPLICATIONS	granted:

RENEWALS	 

Abe Kroloff at Eight Ball Bar	117	N. 1st St.	11	slot	machines

J. K. Houssels at L. V. Tavern	19 Fremont	7	slot	machines

Sun Wing Won at New Overland Cafe	8 Fremont	3	slot	machines

C. C. Griggs at Log Cabin Bar	122 N. 1st	3	slot	machines

Guy McAfee at Fremont Arcade	105	Fremont	33	slot	machines

Guy McAfee at Fremont Arcade	105	Fremont	1	Crap game

"	"	"	"	"	"	1 "21" game

"	"	"	"	"	"	1 Roulette

Guy McAfee at Slot Machine	101	Fremont	35	slot	machines

Thomas & Fisher at SeLuxe Sand. Shop	123 S. 2nd	2	slot	machines

Jack Furness at Westside Tavern	206 Wilson	2	slot	machines

Earl Turman at Shady Rest Cafe	"F" & Jackson	3	slot	machines

Estella Powell at Westside Cafe	"D" & Madison	3	slot	machines

Gayer Amusement Co. at Vegas Merc.	509 W. Jackson	1	slot	machine

Roy Riller at Belvedere Gardens	"H" & Harrison	1	slot	machine

Frank Lancaster at Square Deal Club	1322 "E" St.	3	slot	machines

Bert Smith At Smith's Root Beer	331 Stewart	3	slot	machines

P. L. Jefferson at Brown Derby Cafe	320 Monroe	6	slot	machines

J. K. Houssels at L. V. Club	21-23 Fremont	29	slot	machines

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	2	Poker

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	4 "21" games

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Crap

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Roulette

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Race Horse 	Keno

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Tango - 130	chairs

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1 	Faro

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Race Book

P. O. Silvagni at Apache Bar	2nd & Fremont	6	slot	machines

Louis Dubois at L.V. Barbecue	22 Fremont	3	slot	machines

J. Buren Evans at Overland Hotel	1 Fremont	2	slot	machines

Ted Saunders at Victory Sand.Shop I	116 S. 1st	1	slot	machine

Ted Saunders at Victory Sand.Shop II	124½ N. 1st	1	slot	machine

Orpha Sill Miller at Sill's Cafe	5th & Charleston    5	slot	machines

 	Orpha Sill Miller at Wimpy’s Cafe 210 Fremont	3 slot machines

Geo. Markich at L. V. Liquor Store 812 Fremont	1 slot machine

L. L.	Snyder	at	Snyder’s Gen. Store 300	Bonanza Rd.	1	slot	machine

J. H.	Morgan	at	Golden	Camel Bar	110	N.	1st	4	slot	machines

J. H.	Morgan	at	Silver	Cafe	106	N.	1st	4	slot	machines

J. H.	Morgan	at	Silver	Club	108	N.	1st	2	slot	machines

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	"21" game

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Crap game

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Roulette

Chas. Williams	at	Verna's Grill	121	S. 5th	1	slot	machine

Josie Dondich	at	Cut Rate Liquor	132	S. 5th	2	slot	machines

Bert O’Donnell	at	Rancho Grande	406	S. 2nd	1	slot	machine

Jack Weisberger at Desert Inn Groc.	1503 S. 5th	3	slot	machines

Jack Weisberger at Boulder Liquor	425 Fremont	1	slot	machine

Jack Weisberger at Tip's Cafe	1516 S. 5th	2	slot	machines

A.	T. Spatz at Spatz Liquor Store	101 Carson	1	slot	machine

Pat Rozzelle at Orange Julius Co.	405 Fremont	5	slot	machines

P. O. Silvagni	at	Apache Bar-Front	2nd	& Fremont	6	slot	machines

P. O. Silvagni	at	Kiva Bar	2nd	& Fremont	6	slot	machines

P. O. Silvagni	at	Apache Cafe &Lobby	2nd	& Fremont	6	slot	machines

J. C. Grayson at El Cortez Hotel	6th	& Fremont	18	slot	machines

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	2	"21" games

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Roulette

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Crap

R. Speckton at Food Center	770 Fremont	7	slot	machines

George Krupp at Texaco Serv. Sta.	5th & Fremont	2	slot	machines

E. A. Robinson at Esquire Bar	120 S. 2nd St.	1	slot	machine

John W. Jensen at Richfield Serv.	5th & Fremont	1	slot	machine

A.	J. Carlone at Low Price Market	N. Main St.	1	slot	machine

Ruth Kilpatrick at Professional Drug	421 Fremont	4	slot	machines

Robert Testolin at Cinnaber Tavern	105 S. 1st	3	slot	machines

W. E. Green at Mandalay Bar	111	Fremont	10	slot machines

R. Roschl	at	Silver State	News	1st	& Ogden	1	slot	machine

R. Roschl	at	P. & B. Cafe	1st	& Ogden	1	slot	machine

R. Roschl	at	Dick’s Bar	118	N. 1st	2	slot	machines

R. Roschl at Jimmie's Bar	3 slot machines

R. Roschl at Rex Bar	2 slot machines

John Hughes at Biltmore Hotel	600 N. Main	6	slot	machines

2 "21" games
1 Crap game
1 Raoulette

W. M. Connell at Union Cafe	119 N. 1st	1	slot	machine

B.	J. Curto at Charleston Hotel	119 N. 1st	1	slot	machine

James J. Adras at White Spot Cafe	109 Fremont	8	slot	machines

Jimmy Fulcher at Gilbert Bros. Groc.	Bonanza Road	4	slot	machines

Jimmy Fulcher at Signal Oil Station	4th & Fremont	1	slot	machine

   Jimmy Fulcher at Cornet's 5¢ & 10¢	3 slot machines
Jimmy Fulcher at	Overland Cafe	10 Fremont	2	slot machines

A. B. Witcher at	Boulder Club, Inc.	118 Fremont	32 slot machines

"	"	"	"	"	" "	"	"	2	Poker games

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Pan game

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	7	"21" games

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	3	Roulette

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Big Six

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	ii	"	3	Crap

" "	"	" "	" "	"	"	1 Hazard

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Farobank

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Race Horse	Keno

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Keno - 100	chairs

A.	B.	Witcher	at	Boulder Club, Inc.	120	Fremont	4	slot machines

0.	Bennett	at	Frontier	Club	117	Fremont	41 slot machines

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	4	Pan games

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	4	Poker games

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	5	"21" games

"	"	"	"	|	"	"	1	Tango

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Big Six

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Race Horse Keno

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	2	Roulette

 	1 Race Horse Book

 	A. L. Schellang at Nevada Bar	115 N. 1st	7 slot machines

Paralee Adams at	Pearl Adams Cafe	224 N. 1st	2	slot machines

Malcolm C. Welsh	at Peggy's Cafe	122 S. 1st	1	slot machine

Victor Whittlesea at Blue Cab Co.	127 N. Main	1	slot machine

Sallie Gordon at Mike’s Liquor Store	106 Fremont	4	slot machines

R. G. Garner at Recreation Tavern	123 S. 2nd	4	slot machines

C.	F. Reid at Square Deal Club	1322 E St.	2	Poker

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1 "21"	game

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1 Carp

H. F. Read at Read City Drug	231 Fremont	1	slot machine

Walter Argyle at Foreign Club	111 N. 1st	2	slot machines

Frank Lancaster at Snyder's Grocery	300 Bonanza	Rd.	2	slot machines

Frank Lancaster at B. & H. Grocery	402 Bonanza	Rd.	1	slot machine

Dave Stearns at Turf Club & Bar	15 Fremont	12	slot	machines

L. R. Schevay at Boulder Liquor Store	423 Fremont	3	slot machines

George G. Parry at Playland Arcade	129 S. 1st	41	slot	machines

John Katsoras at Trail Cafe	13 E. Fremont	1	slot machine

Paul Rapaport at Ethel's Liquor Store	28 & 409 Fremont	2	slot machines

Al Salton at Al's Bar	111 S. 1st	14	slot	machines

A. D. McNay at DeLuxe Sandwich Shop	125 S. 2nd	2	slot machines

J. K. Houssels at Overland Bar	6 Fremont	4	slot machines

J. K. Houseels at Sal Sagev Tavern	1 Fremont	6	slot machines

E. D. Cileax at Town Barbecue	506 Fremont	3	slot machines

Geo. M. Crone at Boulder Drug	121 Fremont	10	slot	machines

Chas. Addison at Pioneer Club	25 Fremont	45	slot	machines

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	2	Pan games

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	6	Poker

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	1	Race Horse Keno

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	7	"21" games

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	2 Roulette

"	"	"	"	"	"	"	2 Crap games

"	"	"	" "	ii	ii	1 Farobank

C. C. Underhill at Underhill Bowling	125 S. 2nd	10	slot	machines

C. C. Underhill at L. V. Pool Hall	125 Fremont	9 slot machines

Geo. Miller at Charleston Grocery	Charleston Blvd.	1	slot machine

J. W. McMichael at Market Spot	113 Carson	4	slot machines

Mrs. Stanley	Buzan at McDonald	Hotel	208	N.	5th	2	slot	machines

Mrs. Stanley	Buzan at El	Patio	Hotel	115	N.	2nd	2	slot	machines

Sam Stearns at Nevada Coffee Shop	13 N. 1st	2	slot machines

E. P. Bihlmaier at Oasis Cafe	4 slot machines

John Stathis	at Busy Bee	Cafe	105	N.	1st	2	slot	machines

J. B. Gaut at Tivoli Bar	126	N.	1st	3	slot	machines

Aurelia Scheer at White Cross Drug	201 Fremont	2	slot machines

Aurelia Scheer at L. V. Pharmacy	32 Fremont	2	slot machines

The motion was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith

voting aye; noes none.

SAM’S CAFE	The application of John A. Katsoras and the Gayer Amusement Co. for slot machine

GAMING APPLICATION  permits at Sam’s Cafe, 320 Fremont St., was considered at this time. 

Commissioner Corradetti moved that it be set aside until the next meeting. 

Motion died for want of a second.

STATE CAFE	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of N. C. Kress for a beverage liquor

GAMING & LIQUOR   license at the State Cafe at 20 Fremont St. and the application of C. B. Turner
APPLICATIONS	for 4 slot machine licenses at the same address be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes
none.

TIP’S CAFE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that	Edward Tip Rowe be granted a refund of $16.00

REFUND	 	which represented a duplicate	deposit on the same slot machines. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye;
noes none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Bates moved that	the claim of Mrs. Metcalf for a refund on a

MRS. METCALF	business license of Walter D.	Huff for $5.00 be denied. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Bates, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.
TAXICABS	Commissioner Bates moved that all taxicabs be removed from Fremont Street,

REMOVED FROM	from 5th St. to Main St., inclusive, and that only one stand be allowed for

FREMONT ST.         each company to operate on side streets off Fremont St. Said stands to be

allowed between Fremont and Carson and Fremont and Ogden. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes
none.

Mr. Leo McNamee, Esq. appeared before the Board at this time on behalf of the
taxi owners.

Upon request of Commissioner Bates, Mayor pro tem Smith ordered that flowers be
sent to Mayor Cragin with a wish for his speedy recovery.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Comm-
issioner Corradetti moved that the meeting adjourn until July 16, 1943 at the
hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
July, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Mayor E. W. Cragin; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, and Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener; City Auditor, Mac Cazier
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the last regular meeting be
approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor, voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 2462 to 2630, inclusive, with the

2462 to 2630  	exception of 2592 in favor of Wm. Graves who is under suspension from the

INCLUSIVE	 	Police Department, be allowed and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized

to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes none.

GRIFFITH	The City Clerk was instructed to notify Mr. R. B. Griffith that the fifteen

BUILDING	day period has elapsed for the improvements on his building at 2nd and Fremont

IMPROVEMENTS  	Streets and to ask him when he expects to start this work.

ELECTRICAL	Commissioner Clark moved that the employment of Mr. Partie as City Electrical

ENGINEER	 	Engineer be approved and that a badge be ordered; that his salary be $250.00

APPOINTED	 	a month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

STREET DEPT.	Commissioner Smith moved that the apportionment to the Street Department be

$8,000.00	 	credited in the following manner:	that the Street Department expense control

TRANSFERRED	 	be credited with $8,000.00 by debiting reserves for encumbrances in a like

amount. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none,

FEDERAL WORKS      A letter from the Federal Works Agency, Public Roads Administration requesting
PUBLIC ROADS	assistance in obtaining right-of-way, cost of construction and maintenance of

proposed highway within the city limits, was read. Commissioner Clark moved
that said agency be informed that the city was without funds to aid them in
this proposed project, but that the city would be glad to co-operate with them
in any other way possible. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

WEATHER BUREAU	The application for renewal of lease for space at the municipal airport building

LEASE	     by the United States Weather Bureau was referred to the City Attorney.

RENEWAL

GAMING AND LIQUOR Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming and liquor applications
APPLICATIONS      be renewed:

RENEWALS

Nate Mack at Associated Oil Co.	10th	& Fremont	2	slot	machines

B. A. Wilger at Betty's Cafe	1039	S. Main St.	2	slot	machines

J. C. Greyson at El Cortez Hotel	600 Fremont (Casino) 1	slot	machine

Mark Schulman at Mark’s Food Co.	1500	E. Fremont	7	slot	machines

L. B. Scherer at	Pioneer	Club	25 Fremont	1 Farobank

James Greyson at	Betty's Cafe	1039 S. Main	Retail Beverage

R. J. Kaltenborn	at Jack	Pot Club	116 Fremont	14 slot machines

1 Poker
1 Crap
1 "21"

1 Roulette
1 Penny Roulette
(14 chairs)
Jack Weisberger at Sam's Cafe	320 Fremont	2	slot	machines

E. A. Robinson at Esquire Bar	120 S. 2nd St.	4	slot	machines

Lambert Van DerMeer at Oppedyk's	600 N. Main St.	1	slot	machine

R. D. Bingham at Modern Food Shop	315 Fremont	2	slot	machines

Earl E. Wilson at Pony Express	123 S. 1st St.	7	slot	machines

Mae Nemaris at Mae’s Grocery	624 S 1st St.	1	slot	machine

John F. Miller at Sal Sagev Hotel	Fremont & Main	5	slot	machines

J. C. Greyson at El Cortez Hotel	600 Fremont (Bar)	1	slot	machine

V. R. Shurtleff at Sewell's	307 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Bert Weller at Lido Bar	107 N. 1st St.	6	slot	machines

Frank C. Kernan at Love Cafe	1501 S. 5th St.	1	slot	machine

Blaine Johnson at Johnson’s Groc.	630 S. 5th St.	1	slot	machine

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

GEORGE MONROE	Commissioner Corradetti moved	that the application of George Monroe for 3 slot

SLOT MACHINE      machine licenses at the City Cafe, 418 "E" & Madison be denied. Motion seconded
LICENSE DENIED     by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of George Monroe for a beer
license at the City Cafe be referred to the Chief of Police for investigation.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

TAXICAB	 	The applications for additional taxicabs of the Bule Cab Co. and the Vegas

APPLICATIONS	Transit were referred to the Police Department.

SALARY RAISE  	Commissioner Bates moved that	the salary of the City Librarian be increased from

LIBRARIAN	$100.00 to $125.00 a month as	of August 1, 1943 and that she be reimbursed for

money withheld from the last half of May through the months of June and July in
the amount of $62.50. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

SECRETARY	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the salary of the secretary in the Engineering

ENGINEERING  	Department	be raised from $140.00 to $150.00 a month and	that she take	care	of

DEPARTMENT	all of the	departments in the west wing of the building;	that insofar	as possible

the following schedule be followed:	four hours a day to the City Engineer, an

hour and a	half a day to the Recreational Department and	an hour and a	half	a

day to the	Planning Commission and if it is necessary to	work overtime	that	the

work be distributed among all the girls hired by the City in the War Memorial
Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
voter Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,

Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until the hour of 2:00 P.M.
on the 2nd day of August, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.	

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 2, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 2nd day of
August, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with
the following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

Smith; Mayor E. W. Cragin; City Auditor, Mac Cazier; City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting held July
the 16th be approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS  	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 2631 to 2885, inclusive, be approved

2631 to 2885	and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by

INCLUSIVE	Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the 1942 Pontiac purchased to replace the
PONTIAC TO REPLACE DeSoto in the Police Department for $1,400.00, there being a $700.00 allowance
DE SOTO	on the DeSoto leaving a balance of $700.00, be approved. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
GOLF COURSE	Commissioner Bates moved that F. A. Jackson be appointed as the third member

F. A. JACKSON       of the Golf Board, to fill an existing vacancy, as recommended by Lloyd Tritle,
APPOINTED TO BOARD Chairman of said Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes none.

BLUE CAB CO.	 Commissioner Clark moved that licenses be granted to the Blue Cab Co. on six

6 CABS LICENSED    cars which have the approval of the O.D.T. and, further, that at no time are

more than six cabs to be allowed on the streets of Las Vegas. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SEWELL’S GROCERY   Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Sewell's Grocery for a 
WHOLESALE BEVERAGE  wholesale beverage license for the third quarter be granted. Motion seconded by
LICENSE GRANTED     Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

AERIAL PHOTOS	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the	City of Las Vegas	stand one-fourth of the

LAS VEGAS AREA	expense of making an aerial photo	of Las Vegas and vicinity as recommended by

the Joint Planning Commission. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SECTION 18 OF THE   Commissioner Smith moved that the action taken by the City Clerk in posting a
CITY CHARTER	  complete statement of all taxes and other revenues collected and expended

COMPLIANCE THERE-	during the preceeding two quarters of the year 1943	and also a statement of

WITH	all outstanding bonds as provided	for in Section 18	of the Charter of the City

of Las Vegas, be approved and that the same procedure be followed in the
future. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

VIRGINIA MITCHELL   Commissioner Clark moved that the check of A. F. Smith, Sr., in the sum of
SALARY	  $36.57 covering a certain portion of Virginia Mitchell’s salary as stenographer

in the City Attorney’s office be destroyed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

At this time Commissioner Smith excused the City Auditor.

WEATHER BUREAU     Commissioner Clark moved that the lease between the Weather Bureau and the
LEASE * RENEWAL  	City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being contract #CWB-2483 and covering space in the

Airport Administration Building as described therein, be renewed for the period
beginning July 1, 1943 and ending June 30, 1944 and the Mayor and City Clerk
are hereby authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

LIABILITY	 	Commissioner	Smith moved that the City Clerk be instructed to notify any

INSURANCE	employees of	the City of Las Vegas who are using their own cars on City business

to obtain liability insurance and if they now have public liability insurance
that the name of the City be Incorporated therein. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

 

GIBBONS & REED    Commissioner	Bates moved that Gibbons & Reed be paid $3,748.00 in lieu of

CLAIM	$4,287.40 as	per their claim; the former sum being the amount deposited with

the City for	the conclusion of certain work to be performed by the sewer

company; that Gibbons and Reed be informed that they will have to look to the
sewer contractor for any additional compensation, further, that the City Clerk
furnish Gibbons & Reed with copies of correspondence from the City Engineer
relating to said matter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

BILTMORE HOTEL  	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Nevada Biltmore Hotel for

CABARET LICENSE  	a cabaret license for the third quarter be allowed. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SLOT MACHINE	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of A. L. Arnold for a slot

APPLICATION	  machine license at 419 N. Main St. be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

A. L. ARNOLD     Clark and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

FOOD CENTER	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the	application	of	Albert Goot	for a package

PACKAGE LIQUOR	liquor license at the Food Center, 750	Fremont St.	be	allowed. Motion seconded

APPLICATION        by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

	Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor	voting aye;	noes none.

ARCADE	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Lynn	Linnell for 	a Lucky

SLOT MACHINE       Lucre machine at the Arcade, 1st and Carson Streets, be allowed. Motion
APPLICATION	seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

TIVOLI TAVERN  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of J. B. Gaut for a slot

SLOT MACHINE  	machine license at the Tivoli Tavern at 126 N. First St. be granted. Motion

APPLICATION	seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
SALARY RAISES     Commissioner Bates moved that the salary Of helpers and laborers on garbage
GARBAGE DEPARTMENT trucks be raised from $160.00 a month to $175.00 a month. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GRIFFITH BUILDING  Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Bates write a letter to R. B.
NOTIFICATION	Griffith calling his attention to the fact that the time has elapsed for making

certain corrections that he was to make on the building at 2nd and Fremont Streets
and that in said letter Mr. Griffith be advised that unless steps are taken
immediately to make these corrections, the ordinance will be enforced. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote: 

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

AL DREW	 	Commissioner Clark moved that approval of the claim of Al Drew in the sum of

CLAIM	$36.25 covering expenses incurred while attending a chapter meeting of

Electrical Engineers and Inspectors at Long Beach. Itemized statements were
attached to said claim. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

BOB ELSER  	Commissioner Clark moved that Bob Elser, Plumbing Inspector, be granted a

VACATION	 	vacation with pay beginning August the 16th and ending August 31st. Motion

GRANTED	 	seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, 

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until Friday, August the 6th

at the hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 6, 1943

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
6th day of August, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W.

Cragin at the hour of 2:45 P.M. with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin;

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; City Auditor, Mac Cazier and City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the previous meeting of August
the 2nd be xx corrected to show that Commissioner Smith voted "No" on the
matter relating to Virginia Mitchell's check, instead of "Yes" as appears
therein. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

PUBLIC LIBRARY   Commissioner Smith moved that, due to past plans that the old City Hall be

converted into a public library in its entirety when vacated by the Medical
Department, this proposed move be complied with and that necessary recondition-
ing of the quarters will be carried on as rapidly as possible as soon as the
Medical Department vacates. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SALARY	 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that Don Borax be paid his full salary and that

DON BORAX	a letter be written to the Nevada Industrial Commission at Carson City 

instructing them to pay to the City of Las Vegas any compensation due Don Borax.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

NEVADA INDUSTRIAL   Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be instructed to write to the

COMMISSION	Nevada Industrial Commission, instructing them that whenever compensation is

due any employee of the City of Las Vegas that the check be made payable to
the City of Las Vegas instead of to the employee and that the employee will
be given his full salary from the City of Las Vegas. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.



VOLUNTEER FIRE     Commissioner Corradetti moved that compensation to take care of all the clothing of

DEPARTMENT	the Volunteer Fire Department damaged while in the line of duty be taken care of by an

allowance of $25.00 a month. The first month to be in the sum of $50.00
starting on the 4th day of August, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
GAMING LICENSE     Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the El Cortez Hotel at
EL CORTEZ HOTEL  	600 Fremont Street for a gaming license be allowed. Motion seconded by 
Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

REPORTS:	At this time the report of the Plumbing Inspector for the month of July, 1943

PLUMBING AND	and also the report of the Building Inspector for the month of July, 1943 was

BUILDING  	presented. Mayor Cragin ordered that the reports, having heretofore been inspected

INSPECTORS	by members of the Board, be filed.

ELECTRICAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Robert Vechil be hired as a lineman at a salary of

DEPARTMENT  	$235.00 a month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the

ROBERT VECHIL       following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

HIRED	voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, 

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until August the 16th, 1943 at 

the hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
August, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with
the following members present:	Mayor E. W. Cragin; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

and Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.
Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved
by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS

2886 to 3049	 	Commissioner Smith	moved	that	vouchers 2886 to 3049, inclusive, be approved and

INCLUSIVE	the Mayor and City	Clerk	authorized to sign same. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes none.

C.I.O.	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the C.I.O. be granted the privilege of using the

USE OF PARK  	race track on the evening of the 29th of August with the understanding that they

stand all expenses of policing, preparation of the grounds and cleaning up
thereafter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Smith	moved	that	the claim of Lou Warner for $114.00 being a refund

LOU WARNER	 	on gaming licenses	which	have	been denied, be approved. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VETERANS OF	A letter was read from Ralph G. Hanson, Commander of the Department of Nevada,

FOREIGN WARS  	Veterans of Foreign Wars, requesting permission to sponsor a carnival at the

CARNIVAL	Las Vegas city parking lot from September 4th to September 12th, inclusive. At

an Informal meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this morning it was
mutually agreed that the Veterans of Foreign Wars have the permission of the
Board to sponsor a carnival, license free, in the City of Las Vegas, but that
the Veterans of Foreign Wars would have to obtain another site than the city
park and that this location in the future would not be available for such purposes
for the reason that the city would be liable for property and personal damages.

Commissioner Corradetti arrived at this time.

WM. GRAVES  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that inasmuch as Wm. Graves has been suspended

SALARY	from the Police force for an indefinite period he cannot be carried on the payroll.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

KRIEGER STATION    Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application for a slot machine license
SLOT MACHINE       at the Krieger Station at 900 Fremont Street be granted. Motion seconded by
APPLICATION	Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BETTY'S CAFE	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Thomas W. Frazier for a

GAMING	    slot machine license at Betty’s Cafe at 1039 S. Main St. be granted. Motion

APPLICATION	seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
HARRY MILLER	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the Police and Fire Commissioner he authorized to

APPOINTED	 	designate Harry Miller, the acting Chief of Police, as the permanent Chief of

CHIEF OF POLICE    Police, for the City of Las Vegas at a salary of $3,600.00 per year. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE DEPT.	Commissioner Corradetti moved that bids be let for two cars in the Police 

BIDS LET FOR      Department and that the Studebaker and Plymouth be turned in on the purchase of said 
POLICE CARS	new cars. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE DEPT.     Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following men be placed on the payroll of
REPLACEMENTS       the Police Department to replace men who have left the department:	Cy Adams,

H. L. Powell, E. Johnson, Thomas Burns, Sam Forsythe, Judd Thompson, Charles Flynn.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GEORGE H. WOOD   Commissioner Smith moved that George H. Wood, C.P.A. of Pasadena, California be
C.P.A.	notified to commence the audit of the city books to cover the period beginning

May 1, 1941 to date. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

DAN RUSK	  Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Dan Rusk covering overtime at the golf

OVERTIME	  course be denied on the grounds that the work was not authorized by the Board of

City Commissioners. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

PUMPING PLANT	Commissioner Clark moved that sealed bids be received by the Board of City

& WATER CONTROL   Commissioners on August the 23rd for the construction of a pumping plant and
BIDS LET	water control structure in accordance with plans and specifications available in

the office of the City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL DEPT.   Commissioner Smith	moved that	the Purchasing Agent	be authorized to purchase a

VOLT METER	volt meter for the	Electrical	Department at a cost	not to exceed $50.00. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CABLE	Commissioner Bates	moved that	a cable be installed	between the City Hall and the

INSTALLATION	 	vault at a cost not to exceed	$200.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and

CITY HALL	carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE STATION  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Attorney be authorized to confer with

TITLE TO LAND  	the Board of County Commissioners relative to acquiring title to the property

where the city jail is located. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SATISFACTION OF   Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to execute a certain
JUDGMENT	receipt for satisfaction of judgment rendered in case #288 entitled "The United

CASE #288	States of America, Plaintiff vs 0.54 acres of land, more or less, in the County

of Clark, State of Nevada; the County of Clark, a political subdivision of the
State of Nevada; City of Las Vegas a municipal corporation, County of Clark,

State of Nevada; and Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation, Defendant".
Motion ssconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until September the 2nd, 1943 at the hour of
2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Commissioners' Room in the War Memorial Building of
Tuesday, the 17th day of August, 1943, at the hour of 11:55 A.M., to act upon the
following business:

1. Charleston Blvd. access road.

(S) E. W. Cragin_____________

Mayor
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN and to Pat Clark, A. Corradetti, Walter B. Bates and

A. F. Smith, Sr., Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call

this day issued by Mayor E. W. Cragin a special meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners will be held in the Commissioners' Room at the War
Memorial Building on Tuesday, the 17th day of August, 1943 at the hour
of 11:55, to consider the following:

1 Charleston Blvd., access road.

(S) Helen Scott Reed______

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special
Meeting.

(S) Pat Clark____________ (S) Walter B. Bates

(S) A. Corradetti________ (S) A. F. Smith, Sr.

(S) E. W. Cragin_________

A Special Meeting was called to order at the hour of 11:55 A.M. on August
17, 1943 by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:
Mayor Cragin; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and City Clerk,
Helen Scott Reed. Also present were C. G. Petrie, Planning Engineer;

Dale Pruitt and J. M. Murphy, State Highway Department Representatives.

PROPOSED	Commissioner Clark moved that the City of Las Vegas acquire right-of-way for

HIGHWAY	the proposed highway beginning at the Northwest city limits on the Tonopah

RIGHT-OF-WAY        Highway to the junction of Fremont and Charleston at the Southeast city

limits under line 8, designated on the highway exhibit for proposed location
and alignments of the improvement. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 2, 1943

A

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 2nd day of September, 1943.
Meeting called to order by his Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:25 P.M., with the
following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Coradetti and Smith. City Auditor, Mac Cazier

and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Walter B. Bates and City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of the last regular meeting held August 16th, be
approved with the following exception that the item regarding the date for return of bid for the
pumping plant and water control at the disposal plant be changed to September 2, 1943. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti,
Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Due to the absence of Commissioner Bates, Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner Coradetti to audit
the bills of Commissioner Bates.

VOUCHERS	 Commissioner Smith moved that warrants #3050 to 3284 inclusive be approved

#3050 to 3284   and the Mayor and city clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TONOPAH-CHARLESTON   Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendations of the Planning Commission
HIGHWAY IMPROVE-   for right of way acquisition and adjusting local streets to improvement as
MENT	follows be accepted and approved:	

1)	County Hospital

a.	Acquire block west to and including portion at intersection with Tonopah Drive

b.	Vacate Rose Street

2)	Close and vacate 1st Street - Boulder to Charleston. Re-plat blocks involved.

3)	Acquire additional right-of-way width at Union Pacific Railroad for grade separation -
additional 25 feet each side, or a total of 50 feet, from approximately 1,000 feet west
of tracks - east to Main Street.
4)	Acquire and eliminate block 22 South Addition.

Vacate Coolidge Street
Adjust 4th Street to Charleston

5)	Acquire additional right-of-way - Northeast and Southwest corner at 5th Street for

sight distance.

6)	Acquire and eliminate block "C" - Wardie Addition

Close Gass Street

Adjust 9th Street to Charleston



     7) Acquire block 28 - Pioneer Heights Addition	

Close Garcies

Adjust 11th Street to Charleston

8)	Maryland Parkway - Adjust to Charleston for intersection and alignment.

9)	Vacate 13th Street - Bonneville to Charleston

10)	Acquire 14th Street and adjust to Charleston - South to Clark Street through Levy

property.	

11)	Acquire 15th Street and adjust to Charleston - South of Clark Street through

Levy property (include portion of Clark Street west of 15th Street in Levy property)

12)	Acquire ultimate right-of-way with Bruce Street (as previously recommended).

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ZAUGG -	  Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation of the Planning Board regarding

SUBDIVISION	the attempt of Mr. Zaugg to subdivide his property on Westside in violation

of the Subdivision Laws of the State of Nevada, be referred to the City
Attorney with instructions to take legal action. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

BLACK CAT INN   Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Lee Hughes for $16.00 covering
REFUND GAMING   deposit on application for slot machine license, which at a previous meeting
APPLICATION	was denied, be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

JOE LA DUE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of Joe La Due for $517.50 covering

REFUND	 	deposit on gaming and liquor applications which were heretofore denied,	 

be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BILL'S LUNCH  	Commissioner Coradetti moved that the application of Otto H. Hillman for

3eer License  	a beer license at Bill's Lunch at 217 N. Main Street be granted. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. 

Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NAVY MOTHER'S	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the request of the Norman Ready Chapter

CLUB	 	No. 392 of the Navy Mothers Club of America, Inc., for the use of the War

Memorial Hall for a charity bazaar and ball on October 27th, 1943 be granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

VACATIONS	 	Commissioner Coradetti moved that vacations of a two week period be granted

John Williams	the following men with pay:

O. J. Morling

C. C. Sargent	John Williams, beginning September 20th	 

O. J. Morling, Beginning October 1st.

C. C. Sargent, beginning September 13th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

HUNTRIDGE SUB-	Commissioner Clark moved that the City of Las Vegas having heretofore

DIVISION PARK	 	accepted a deed from the Realty Development Corporation, bearing date

LANDSCAPE	 	November, 16th, 1942, to the park area in Huntridge Subdivision, hereby

agree to suitably improve and landscape said park area; said work to be	 

started and completed in a reasonable length of time after materials, labor and money become
available. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LITTLE THEATER   Commissioner Clark moved that the request of the Little Theater group for

permission to use the War Memorial Hall for rehearsals be denied and the
City Clerk be instructed to inform them that the Hall is in use most of the time. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.	 

STREET DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Clark moved that the city purchase a complete set of precision

TOOLS PURCHASED	tools and hand wrenches as recommended by the purshasing agent for the sum

of $75.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

DR. BERNKRANT   Commissioner Smith moved that the request of Drs. Smith and Bernkrant for
VETERANARIAN	permission to keep his dog and cat hospital at its present location on

North 14th Street be denied and the City Attorney instructed to take action
against them to vacate said premises. Motion seconded by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
REPORT BLDG.   The Report of the Building Inspector for the month of August was received
INSPECTOR	and ordered filed.

CAA LEASE    Commissioner Coradetti moved that the proposed lease CE 601.53 between the
CE 601.53	City of Las Vegas and the CAA be referred to Leo A. McNamee, Esq., and if

he finds no objection to it that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
execute same on behalf of the City. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

APPOINTMENT	Commissioner Smith	moved that	Ruth Spaulding be hired as Chief Deputy in the

CHIEF DEPUTY	 	office of the City	Clerk as of	September 1st, 1943 at a salary of $175.00

CITY CLERK	per month. Motion	seconded by	Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LICENSES	  Comm. Clark moved that the Planning Commission having recommended to the City 

PLANNING      Commissioners that all applications for new businesses of industrial nature or character 
COMMISSION    be referred to them and to the building inspector before issuance in an effort to avoid

       businesses of such nature being given a license to operate in commercial zones
as now defined be approved. Commissioner Smith seconded the motion and it was carried by the following 

vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and	his Honor voting aye.	Noes, none.

VAN VORST  	Commissioner Smith moved	that Kenneth Van Vorst be granted a vacation with pay

VACATION     one week the latter part of September and one week the latter part of October,

1943. Motion seconded By Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SEWER DEPT.	Commissioner Clark moved that the City accept the bid of the H. F. Hendrickson

INSTALLATION    Company of Los Angeles, California in the sum of $4,970.00 for the installation
PUMPING PLANT,   of a pumping plant and water control at the city disposal plant, subject to the
WATER CONTROL     approval of the FWA and the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith

and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE 284   An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise, and Re-enact Section 3
FIRST READING  	of Ordinance No. 166 of	the City of Las Vegas,	as Amended,	and	to Repeal all

Ordinances and Parts of	Ordinances in Conflict	Therewith",	was	read to the

Board for the first time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said ordinance on the first
reading. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

RESOLUTION -	The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

ACQUISITION  	 

RIGHT-OF-WAY  	R E SOLUTION	

CHARLESTON BLVD.	 

RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas acquire right-of-way along Charleston
Boulevard, 100' wide being 10' additional on both sides of the now existing
80' right-of-way; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas acquire additional 25'
width on each side of the grade separation for a total of 50' approximately
1000' west of the tracks and east to Main Street.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE 285	 	An	Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise, and Re-enact Section	1

FIRST READING		of	Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, as Amended, and to Repeal all

Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith", was read to the	Board

for the first	time.	Commissioner Smith moved the adoption of the foregoing Ordinance on the	first

reading. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

CLAIMS PLANNING  Commissioner Clark moved that all claims of the Planning Commission must be
COMMISSION	acted upon by the Planning Board before presentation to the Board of City

Commissioners. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Coradetti and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CITY CHARTER  	Commissioner Smith moved that the City Charter, as revised to date, will be

SALE PRICE  	offered for sale to the public at a price to be fixed by the City Clerk. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until September 16th, 1943 at the hour of 2:00
P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
September 16, 1943

 	At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of

September, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor the Mayor, E. W. Cragin
with the following members present:	Mayor Cragin; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and Smith; City Auditor, Mac Cazier:	City Attorney, Louis Wiener, 

Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

MINUTES	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting of September

APPROVED	the 2nd be approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and

carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers #3285 to #3442, inclusive, be approved.

3285 to 3442	 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:

INCLUSIVE	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes

none.

T. M. CARROL	Commissioner Clark moved that the request of Mr. T. M. Carrol for the 

RECONVEYANCE  	reconveyance of certain land which previously had been deeded by him to the City 

OP CERTAIN LAND 	of Las Vegas for recreational purposes and which is not now being used for said

purpose, be deeded to Mr. Carrol after the description has been approved by
the City Attorney, further that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to
sign the deed upon the approval of the City Attorney. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

TRANSCONTINENTAL Notice of renewal of lease for an additional period of twelve months from
AND WESTERN	  October 1, 1943 to September 30, 1944 having been received from the 

AIR, INC.	  Transcontinental and Western Air Lines, Inc., upon recommendation of the City 

Attorney, said lease was renewed on the same terms and conditions as the 

original lease of December 31, 1942.

C.A.A. CONTRACT  	Pursuant to notice of renewal of contract #C6 CA-846, Commissioner Clark moved

#C6 CA-846	 	that said contract be renewed for the period beginning July 1, 1943 and ending

RENEWED	June 30, 1944, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to execute said renewal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

FISH AND WILD  	Commissioner Clark moved that the City of Las Vegas deed to the United States

LIFE SERVICE	 	Department of the Interior, Fish and Wild Life Service, sixty (60) acres of

SITE DEEDED	land, being the fish hatchery station located just west of the golf grounds.

BY CITY	Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

JOINT PLANNING     Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to acknowledge
COMMISSION BUDGET   receipt of the letter from the County Clerk stating the action of the Board

of County Commissioners regarding the budget of the Joint Planning Commission
for the year ending Dec. 31, 1943 and that said letter be spread on the
minutes of the Board of City Commissioners and a copy sent to the Planning
Commission. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor 

voting aye; noes none.

"COUNTY OF CLARK

OFFICE OF THE CLERK
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
September 15, 1943

Honorable E. W. Cragin
Mayor, City of Las Vegas
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Dear Sir:

This is to confirm the action of the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark
County, Nevada, at a meeting thereof held
September 15, 1943, approving the budget
of the Joint Planning Board for the year
ending December 31, 1943, as approved by
the City of Las Vegas, in the sum of
$8,771.38, and the Board agreeing to
assume one half of said amount or one half
of the actual expense, provided said
actual expense does not exceed the amount
of the budget.

Yours very truly,

(S) Lloyd S. Payne
LSP/f	County Clerk"
CIVILIAN DEFENSE Commissioner Smith moved that the overdraft of $945.00 appearing in the
OVERDRAFT HONORED   Civilian Defense budget he approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark

and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Mayor Cragin directed Commissioner
Smith to notify the Civilian Defense that no further amounts would be advanced.

RACE TRACK    Commissioner Bates moved that the local Racing Board be granted permission to

use the race track commencing October 10, 1943 and continuing for five weeks,
provided they furnish the City of Las Vegas with property damage and public
liability insurance in the amounts of 25,000/50,000 and that they bear all
expense in connection with preparing the track and other facilities. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

WESTSIDE	A certain communication addressed to Mayor Cragin and signed by Herman K.

COMMUNITY  	Barnett, Secretary of the Westside Community League, containing a resolution

LEAGUE	relative to their organization, was presented to the Board. Thereafter

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk acknowledge receipt of the letter
and inform them that the Board of City Commissioners will recognize their
Board on all matters pertaining to improvements on Westside. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,
Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

RED CROSS	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the request of the American Red Cross for 

USE OF HALL	permission to use the council chambers in the City Hall on the 3rd Tuesday of

each month be granted and a copy of this motion given to Mr. Partie, custodian
of the War Memorial Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

HUNTRIDGE	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the action taken by the Board of Commissioners

PARK	 	regarding the development of park areas by the City in the Huntridge Addition

DEVELOPMENT	be recinded and the original arrangements complied with. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

FIRE STATION	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the Federal Works Agency

APPLICATION       for extension of the Fire Department for the City of Las Vegas be submitted to
FOR FEDERAL	  Mr. Kester, Engineer in charge of the FWA and notify him that the City Engineer

AID	will be the officer acting for the City of Las Vegas; that the estimated

cost of the project is $126,804.00; that the City of Las Vegas will contribute
the sum of $25,000 upon approval of these projects to be divided as follows:
$15,000.00 for construction - $10,000.00 for equipment - and ask that the
Government loan the City of Las Vegas $38,000.00 for a term of ten (10) years;
further that the Government make an outright grant to the City of Las Vegas
for an additional amount to complete the project, being approximately $64,000.00
and that the following resolution be approved:

RESOLUTION

 

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, Nevada has a population of approximately

19,500	people, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas has fire fighting equipment and fire
station facilities sufficient to adequately protect a town of 6,500 from fire
losses, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was, prior to 1940, a town of
approximately 8,000 people, and

WHEREAS the increase in population between 1940 and 1943 has been due in
a large measure to the presence of a defense project, to wit; Basic Magnesium,
Inc. and the presence of an army air field, to wit; Las Vegas Army Air Field,
in the immediate vicinity of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the Board of Fire Underwriters has declared that Las Vegas is
inadequately equipped to handle nominal fire protection for a town of over

6,500	or 7,000 people

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that application be
made to the Federal Government throught the Federal Works Agency for financial
assistance to construct adequate facilities and to obtain adequate fire
fighting equipment to meet the requirements as set forth by the Engineering
Department of the Board of Fire Underwriters of the Pacific Coast, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all necessary information, reports, maps and
preliminary drafts necessary for said application be prepared by the 

Engineering Department of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, 

in order that a fully adequate and complete report may be submitted to the
Federal Government by and through the Federal Works Agency.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.
PUBLIC LIABILITY   Commissioner Clark moved that the City of Las Vegas take out public liability
AND PROPERTY      insurance in the amount of 25,000/50,000 and property damage in the amount of
DAMAGE INSURANCE	5,000/25,000 with a premium of $2,040.55 for a three year period as quoted in

a communication from Mr. O. A. Kimball, agent for the United States Fidelity
and Guaranty Co. and that the matter of financing the purchase of said policy
be referred to the City Auditor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CITY ENGINEER'S   Upon recommendation of Harlan Brown, City Engineer, Commissioner Bates moved
DEPARTMENT	  that F. M. Eaton be employed by the City of Las Vegas for some 16 or 20 hours

F. M. EATON HIRED  a week at $1.75 per hour and that this expense be charged to the City Engineer's

Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ORDINANCE #285	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend,Revise and Re-enact Section 1 of

SECOND READING	Ordinance #166 for the City of Las Vegas, as Amended, and to Repeal all

Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith." was read to the
Board for a second time. Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the 

foregoing Ordinance #285 be approved and adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

COMMISSIONER	Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Clark be authorized to sign any

CLARK APPOINTED   minutes left unsigned by former Mayor Garrison during his term of office.

TO SIGN MINUTES Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following voter

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

DEPUTY CITY CLERK Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be granted permission to employ Eula
EULA LINGE HIRED   Linge as a deputy in her office at a salary of $150.00 per month beginning as

of September 16, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following votes Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

ORDINANCE #284	 	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise	and Re-enact Section 3 of

SECOND READING	Ordinance #166 of the City of Las Vegas, as Amended,	and to Repeal all Ordinances

and parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith." was	read to the Board for a

second time. Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing Ordinance #284 be
adopted and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following votes Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until October 2, 1943 at
the hour of 10 A.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes none.	 

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 2, 1943

 	At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held this 2nd day of

October, 1943, the meeting was called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin,
at the hour of 10:00 A. M., with the following members present: Mayor Cragin,
Commissioners: Clark, Bates, Coradetti and Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener,Jr.;

City Auditor, Mac Cazier and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

MINUTES APPROVED   Commissioner Smith moved that the Minutes of the last regular meeting be approved,  

by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following

vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes 

none.

VOUCHERS 3443 TO	Commissioner Smith moved that Claims Nos. 3443 to 3689, inclusive, be approved and

3689 INCLUSIVE	the Mayor and City Clerk were authorized to sign them. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Coradetti, Clark,

Smith and His Honor, voting aye; noes none.

H. F. HENDRICKSON Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute

CONTRACTOR	  the contract with H. F. Hendrickson, d.b.a. H. F. Hendrickson, for the performance

of certain work of construction on water control structure and pumping station
at sewage disposal plant, for the consideration of $4,970.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

REPORT -	  Report of Mr. R. H. Elser, Plumbing Inspector, for the month of September was

R. H. ELSER	received and ordered filed.
PLANNING	Commissioner Bates moved that the communication from the Planning Board, dated

COMMISSION -	September 30, 1943, relative to the Zaugg property, be referred to the City

ZAUGG PROPERTY      Attorney.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL	Commissioner Clark moved that the Electrical Department be permitted to establish

DEPARTMENT - PETTY  a Petty Cash Fund. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 
CASH FUND	following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

 MEMORIAL HALL 	Commissioner Bates moved that the Army be permitted the use of the Memorial Hall

BOXING BOUT  	for a boxing show, October 24, 25 and 26, for $50.00 to defer expenses, on condition

that they furnish Public Liability and Property Damage Insurance on the basis of
$25,000.00 and $50,000.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

MUNICIPAL AIRPORT   Commissioner Clark moved that additional floodlights, at a cost of $75.95 be

 FLOODLIGHTS	  installed at the Las Vegas Municipal Airport. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CEMETERY	  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Purchasing Agent, Mr. Cazier, be authorized

IMPROVEMENTS	to secure figures on pipe needed for the new addition of the Cemetery and that the

work proceed on this project as funds become available. Further that grass seed
be purchased for both the old and new Cemeteries.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

FIRE PROTECTION   Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioners Bates, Clark and R. H. Elser, Plumbing 
COMMITTEE	 Inspector, on a Committee to make a study of fire protection for the City of Las

Vegas, as recommended by the Board of Fire Underwriters.

PROPOSED FIRE   The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

STATION

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the fire fighting facilities of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
for the protection of the City at its present population, and

WHEREAS, in accordance with the minimum recommendations of the Board of Fire
Underwriters of the Pacific, it is desirable to construct a central fire station
and two substations for the housing of fire fighting equipment.

 	WHEREAS, on August 23, 1943, the Board considered the construction of the

central fire station on the northerly half of the block in the City Park, which
lies at the northwest corner of the intersection of Fifth Street and Stewart Avenue,
or that portion of the block on which the City Hall is located, which remains 

unimproved on the northerly side of said City Hall, and the construction of a 

substation on the triangular portion of land at the southwest corner of Eighth Street,
and Charleston Boulevard, which land was dedicated to the City at the time the plat
of the Vega Verde Addition was filed, and the construction of a second substation
on Lot 6, Block 14, Valley View Addition,

NOW, THEREFORE, Be It Resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that inasmuch as the above mentioned
properties and proposed sites of fire stations are the property of the City of
Las Vegas, that these sites be set aside for the construction of the proposed fire
stations.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CITY JAIL  	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

 	RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the present police station was first constructed in 1912 and
approximately a 100% addition made in 1922. The approximate population of the
City of Las Vegas being In 1910,800 and in 1920 - 2300, and

WHEREAS, there have been certain improvements made in the building which
remains barely adequate for a town of 1940 population of the City of Las Vegas,
or approximately 8400, and

 	WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, had a population of approximately

19,500	at the present time as the result of the location of defense projects in
this area, to-wit: Basic Magnesium, Inc., Army Air Base, Manganese Ores, and the
increase in traffic on the Union Pacific Railroad, a vital war arterial,

NOW, THEREFORE, Be It Resolved, by the Board of City Commissioners, of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that application be made
to the Federal Government, through the Federal Works Agency, for financial as-
sistance to construct adequate facilities to meet the demands placed on the
Police Department of the City of Las Vegas, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all necessary information, reports, maps,
and. preliminary drafts necessary for said application, be prepared by the
Engineering Department of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, in order that a fully adequate and complete report be submitted to
the Federal Government, by and through the Federal Works Agency, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the present site of the Police Station
on Lots 23, 24 and 25 of Block 15, Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite, as shown on
Page 37 of Book 1, of Plats, in the Office of the Recorder, of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, be and is hereby set aside for the construction
of the proposed Police Station.

Commissioner Coradetti moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT   Commissioner Coradetti moved that the fund designated as "Special Investigation
PETTY CASH	  Fund" be abolished and that the $100.00 therein be transferred to the Petty Cash

Fund. Further that the Petty Cash Fund be increased to $150.00, making a total
of $250.00 and the Chief of Police to have the privilege of spending any of the
Petty Cash Fund necessary for special investigations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

TURF CLUB	  Commissioner Coradetti moved that the application of Dave Stearns for a Football

FOOTBALL PARLAY   Parlay Game at the Turf Club & Bar, 15 Fremont Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Bates, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

COTTON CLUB	Commissioner Coradetti moved that the application of Moe Taub for a Race Horse

GAMING APPLICATION  Keno Game, at the Cotton Club, 500 Jackson Avenue, be granted, and the 

application for 1 Crape Table, 1 "21" Game and 2 Poker Tables at the same address
be denied and the $90.00 deposited therefor be returned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS Commissioner Coradetti moved that the following applications for renewals of
RENEWALS GRANTED   gaming licenses be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried

by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

Al's Bar	111 S. Main	14	Slot	Machines

Apache Bar	Apache Hotel	Bldg.	6	Slot	Machines

Apache Bar	Apache Hotel	Bldg.	6	Slot	Machines

Apache Cafe	Apache Hotel	Bldg.	3	Slot	Machines

Associated	10th & Fremont	2	Slot	Machines

Belvedere Gardens Grocery Westside	1	Slot	Machine

Boulder Liquor Store	423 Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Boulder Liquor Store	425 Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Boulder Drug	121 E. Fremont	10	Slot	Machines

Boulder Club, Inc.	118 Fremont	33	Slot	Machines

1	Pan
3 Poker
1 Faro Bank
1 Race Horse Keno

1	Keno (100 chairs)

2	Roulette
2 Craps

5	"21"

1	Hazard

1	Big (6) Wheel

Boulder Club Bar	122	Fremont	4	Slot 	Machines

Brown Derby	320	Monroe	6	Slot	Machines

Busy Bee Cafe	104	N. 1st	2	Slot	Machines

Cornet’s	218	Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Charleston Hotel	119	S.	1st	1	Slot	Machine

Cinnabar	105	S.	1st	3	Slot	Machines

Clark Market	1500 E. Fremont	7	Slot	Machines

Cut Rate Liquor Store	132 S. 5th St.	2	Slot	Machines

Desert Inn	1503 S. 5th	3 Slot Machines

De Luxe Sandwich Shop	127	S.	2nd	2	Slot	Machines

Dick's Bar	118	N.	1st	2	Slot	Machines

De Luxe Sandwich	Williams Bldg.	2	Slot	Machines

Eight Ball Bar	117	N.	First St.	11	Slot	Machines

El Patio Hotel	115	N.	2nd	2	Slot	Machines

Esquire Bar	120	S. 2nd	1	Slot	Machine

Esquire Bar	120	S. 2nd	4	Slot	Machines

Ethel’s Liquor	Store	#1	28 Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Ethel's Liquor	Store	#2	411	Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Food Center	770 Fremont	7	Slot	Machines

Foreign Club	111	N. 1st	2	Slot	Machines

Fremont Arcade	105	Fremont	1	Craps

1 "21"

Fremont Arcade	105	Fremont	35	Slot	Machines

Frontier Club	117	Fremont St	2	Craps

5 "21"

2	Roulette
Frontier Club	117 Fremont St.	1 Race Horse Book

1 Race Horse Keno

1	Tango (102 chairs)

2	Pan

4 Poker
1 Hazard
41 Slot Machines

Gilbert Bros.	Clark Ave,	4	Slot	Machines

Golden Camel Bar	110 N. 1st	4	Slot	Machines

Jackpot	116 Fremont	10	Slot	Machines

1	Poker

2	"21"

1 Roulette

1 1¢ Roulette (14 chairs)
1 Craps

Jimmie's Bar	807 S. Main	3	Slot	Machines

Kiva Bar	Fremont & 2nd	8	Slot	Machines

Kruieger Service Station	9th & Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Frank Lancaster	Snyder Underpass Store	2	Slot	Machines

Frank Lancaster	B & H Grocery	1	Slot	Machine

Las Vegas Club	21 Fremont	2	Poker

29 Slot Machines
4 "21"

1 Roulette
1 Craps
1 Race Book
1 Race Horse Keno
1 Tango (130 chairs)

1 Pan

Las Vegas Liquor Store	812 Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Las Vegas Pharmacy	32 Fremont	2	Slot	Machines

Las Vegas Pool Room	125 Fremont	9	Slot	Machines

Las Vegas Tavern	19 Fremont	7	Slot	Machines

Lido Bar	107 N. 1st	6 Slot Machines

Log Cabin	122 N. 1st	3	Slot	Machines

Love Cafe	1501 S. 5th	1	Slot	Machine

Low Price Market	Main ' Stewart	1	Slot	Machine

MacDonald Hotel	208 N. 5th St.	2	Slot	Machines

Mandalay Bar	111 Fremont	10	Slot	Machines

The Market Spot	117 Carson	4	Slot	Machines

Mike’s Liquor Store	106 Fremont	4	Slot	Machines

John F. Miller	Sal Sagev Hotel	2	Slot	Machines

John F. Miller	Sal Sagev Hotel	3	Slot	Machines

Modem Food Shop	315 Fremont	2	Slot	Machines

Nevada Biltmore Hotel	600 N. Main	8	Slot	Machines

1 Roulette Wheel

1	Craps

Nevada Coffee Shop	113 N. 1st	2	Slot	Machines

Oasis Cafe	123 Fremont	4	Slot	Machines

Oklahoma Cafe	220 N. 1st	1	Slot	Machine

Oppendyke Dairy	600 N. Main	1	Slot	Machine

Orange Julius Co.	405 Fremont	5	Slot	Machines

Overland Bar	6 Fremont	4	Slot	Machines

Overland Cafe	8 Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Overland Hotel	Main & Fremont	2	Slot	Machines

Professional Drug	421 Fremont	4	Slot	Machines

P & B	200	N.	1st	1	Slot	Machine

Pearl’s Cafe	224	N.	1st	4	Slot	Machines

Pioneer Club	25 Fremont	45	Slot	Machines

2	Pan

6	Poker

1	Race Horse Keno

7	"21"

2	Roulette
2 Craps

2 Faro Bank

Playland Arcade	129	S. 1st	43	Slot	Machines

Read City Drug	231	Fremont	11	Slot	Machines

Recreation Tavern	120	S.	2nd	4	Slot	Machines

Rex Bar	128	S.	1st	2	Slot	Machines

Richfield Service Station	5th & Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Sal Sagev Tavern	1 Fremont	8	Slot	Machines

Sam’s Cafe	320 Fremont	5	Slot	Machines

Sewell’s Store	307 Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Shady Rest	F & Jackson	3	Slot	Machines

Signal Service	4th	& Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Sill’s Drive	In	5th	& Charleston	5	Slot	Machines

Silver Club	108	N. 1st	2	Slot	Machines

2 Craps
2 "21"

1 Roulette

Silver Cafe	106	N. 1st	4	Slot	Machines

Silver Club	108	N. 1st	1	Faro	Bank

Silver State	Newsstand	110	S. 2nd	4	Slot	Machines

Silver State	Service	Station 5th	& Fremont	2	Slot	Machines

The Slot Machine	101	Fremont	35	Slot	Machines

Smith’s Root Beer Stand	331 Stewart	2	Slot	Machines

A. T. Spatz	101 Carson	1	Slot	Machine

Square Deal Club	1322 "E" St.	3	Slot	Machines

Square Deal Club	1322 N. "E"	2	Poker

1 Craps
1 "21"
L.	L. Snyder	300 Bonanza Rd.	1	Slot	Machine

State Cafe	20 Fremont	4	Slot	Machines

Tip’s Cafe	1516 S. 5	2	Slot	Machines

Tivoli Tavern	126 N. 1st	1	Slot	Machine

Tivoli Bar	126 N. 1st	3	Slot	Machines

Town Barbecue Restaurant	506 Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Trail Cafe	13 Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Turf Club & Bar	15 Fremont St.	12	Slot	Machines

1 Race Horse Book

Underhill Recreation & Bowling 125 S. 2nd	10 Slot Machines

Union Cafe	119 N. 1st	1	Slot	Machine

Vegas Mercantile	509 Jackson	1	Slot	Machine

Victory Sandwich Shop #1	116 S. 1st	1	Slot	Machine

Victory Sandwich Shop #2	124½ N. 1st	1	Slot	Machine

Westside Cafe	D & Madison	3	Slot	Machines

Westside Grocery	501 Jackson	2	Slot	Machines

Westside Tavern	206 Wilson	3	Slot	Machines

White Cross Drug Co.	201 Fremont	2	Slot	Machines

White Spot Cafe	109 Fremont	8	Slot	Machines

Wimpy’s Cafe	210 Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Black Cat Inn	418 Madison	2	Slot	Machines

Black Cat Inn	418 Madison	1	Slot	Machine

CLARK MARKET, EL	Commissioner Coradetti moved that the application of Mark Schulman, for an

CORTEZ HOTEL, COTTON Importers and Sealed Package Miniatures Liquor License at the Clark Market,

CLUB AND NEVADA BAR 1500 Fremont Street, be granted. Also, the application of Moe Taub, at the
LIQUOR APPLICATIONS  Cotton Club, 500 Jackson Street, for retail beverage, the El Cortez Hotel,

600 Fremont Street, retail tavern and cocktail, new ownership, and the Nevada
Bar, 115 N. 1st Street, retail tavern, to John D. Corey, new owner, be granted.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Smith, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS  Commissioner Coradetti moved that the application of Thomas W. Fraser, for
(NEW)	3 Slot Machines at Betty’s Cafe, 1039 S. Main Street, and the application of

M.	B. Hicks at the El Cortez Hotel, 600 Fremont Street for 18 Slot Machines,

2 "21" games, 1 Roulette, 1 Craps; the application of John D. Corey, at the
Nevada Bar, 115 N. 1st Street, for 7 Slot Machines and the application of the
West Side Pool Hall, by W. J. Black, 508 Jackson Street, for 2 Slot Machines
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS   Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Clark be directed to sign the
CLARK TO SIGN	Liquor Applications for the first and second quarters of the year 1943,

left unsigned by ex Mayor Garrison.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ZONING WESTSIDE	 	Commissioner Bates moved that Lots 5 and 6, in Block 11, and Lots 1 and 2,

GAMES & LIQUOR	 	in Block 6, Lots 7 and 8, in Block 12, and Lots 11 and 12, in Block 5,

of the H.F.M. & N. Addition, Westside, be set aside for gaming and liquor
establishments and that these types of businesses be confined to said
specified locations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until October 16th at
10:00 A.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates, Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.	 
Las Vegas, Nevada
October 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held the 16th day of
 	October, 1943, the meeting was called to order at the hour of 10:50 A.M., by

His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members present: Commissioners
Smith, Corradetti, Bates, City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioner
Clark, Auditor, Mac Cazier, and City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

MINUTES APPROVED Commissioner Smith moved that the Minutes of the previous meeting by approved

by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL   Commissioner Smith moved that the Petty Cash Fund in the Electrical Department
DEPARTMENT - be established in the amount of $25.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates,
PETTY CASH FUND and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner Bates to audit Commissioner Clark's claims
in his absence.

CLAIMS	  Commissioner Smith moved that Claims Nos. 3845 to 3858, inclusive, in the sum

of $3,530.15 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

PAYROLL	  Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 3690 to 3844, inclusive, in

the sum of $13,797.98 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

NEVADA INDUS-   Commissioner Smith moved that when and as cash is received from the Nevada
TRIAL INSURANCE  Industrial Commission for Compensation Insurance cases to City employees

injured in line of service, the amount so received shall be appropriated to
the respective Departments which are charged with payment of the full salary
of said injured employee. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

WAR MEMORIAL   Commissioner Bates moved that the City reserve the right to demand Public
BUILDING - V Liability Insurance in the sum of $25,000.00 and $50,000.00 if deemed necessary
RENTAL	when renting the War Memorial Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GOLF BOARD - Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas accept the verbal
MARSHALL’S   resignation of Judge George Marshall from the Municipal Golf Board and
RESIGNATION	that Dr. Woodbury be appointed on the staff.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

PLUMBING,	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the action of Commissioner

BUILDING AND   Smith for ordering 12 Building Codes and that the Purchasing Agent be
ELECTRIC CODES  authorized to order 12 Electrical and Plumbing Codes.

PURCHASED

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noe s none.

WAR MEMORIAL   Commissioner Smith moved that the Army be given permission to hold a
BUILDING - ARMY  Boxing Show in	the War	Memorial	Building and that they furnish the City

BOXING SHOW	with Public Liability	Insurance	in the amount of $25,000.00 and $50,000.00,

as heretofore agreed upon, and that the rental be $50.00 for the three days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

WAR MEMORIAL   Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the American Federation of Labor
BUILDING - A.F. for permission	to hold	their convention on the War Memorial Building on	the

OF L. CONVENTION 19th, 20th and	21st of	November	be granted. Further, that the rental is

$10.00 per day and the Board of City Commissioners waived insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

TAXI CAB	  Commissioner Bates moved that the Board grant licenses for all cabs now

APPLICATIONS owned or hereafter owned by the present cab owners; however, no cab company

shall be allowed more than 6 cabs to operate on the streets of Las Vegas
at any one time.

Further, that no cab company shall be granted a permit to operate more
cabs than he has in operation at this time and which has heretofore been
authorized by the City Commission. All cab companies shall identify their
cabs by numeral on the rear of the cab, where it can be seen readily
and that said numbers shall be registered with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ARMY COTS       Commissioner Smith moved that the City expend the sum of $1250.00 for
PURCHASED	the purchase of cots, blankets, and mattresses for the use of soldiers

and that said cots, blankets and mattresses become the joint property
of the City and County, this money to be expended as soon as available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAMING	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming applications be

APPLICATIONS -   renewed for the Fourth Quarter:

RENEWALS

El Rancho Market	419	N. Main St.	1	Slot	Machine

Apache Hotel	2nd	& Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Blue Cab Company	127	N. Main St.	1	Slot	Machine

Charleston Grocery	Charleston	Blvd.	1	Slot	Machine

Johnson’s Grocery	624	S. 5th	1	Slot	Machine

P.O. Lafitte Filling Sta.	900	Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Sam’s Cafe	320	Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Las Vegas Barbecue	22 Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Pony Epxress Stages	123	S. 1st	7	Slot	Machines

Verna’s Grill	121	S. 5th St.	1	Slot	Machine

New Overland Cafe	6 Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAMING AND	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following new applications be

LIQUOR	  allowed for gaming and liquor: Bruce Kilpatrick, Prescription Pharmacy,

APPLICATIONS -  814 Fremont St., 2 slot machines; J. K. Houssels, Las Vegas Club, 21-23
NEW	Fremont St., 1 Faro Game; Ted Konduris, Southwestern Liquor Store, 101

Carson Street, 1 slot machine; Albert Amante, Jack Pot Club, 116 Fremont
Street, 1 Pan Game; Ted Konduris, Southwestern Liquor Store, 101 Carson
Avenue, Retail Liquor License, package; J. W. Schraun, Mandalay Bar,
Importer's Beverage Liquor License; Jack Ensley, Oklahoma Bar, 1315

N.	D St., Westside, 3 slot machines,

LIBRARY BOARD Commissioner Smith moved that the resignation of the present Library Board
RESIGNATION   be accepted and the Mayor and City Clerk prepare a suitable resolution
  thanking them for the services they have performed and regret at their
resignation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

LIBRARY FUND Commissioner Smith moved that the check in the sum of $366.00 be 
   transferred to the general fund, being the balance on hand at the close of

business October 11, 1943, by the Library Board, and, the check for $200.00
issued by the City to Reba McKinster, c/o the City Library, dated September
30, 1943, be voided on the register sheet and said money also transferred
to the General Fund. Further that all accounts of the Library heretofore
kept by the Librarian, be kept in the office of the City Clerk and all
receipts and expenditures be handled through the City Clerk’s office and
all purchases be made through the Purchasing Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

CITY LIBRARY  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the building formerly occupied by

BUILDING	the City Clerk be converted into a Library and Commissioner Bates be

authorized to make the necessary repairs and alterations thereto.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and Carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAS ACCOUNT -	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Clerk be authorized to open

FIRST NATIONAL   a gasoline account at the First National Bank in accordance with the
BANK	Governmental requirements and Commissioner Bates and the City Clerk be

authorized to sign said checks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

At this time Mayor Cragin announced that the Girl Scouts would make a tour
of the City the first week of November and asked the cooperation of each
Department.

CURB - SOUTH   Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer
FOURTEENTH ST. for the reconstruction of approximately 200 feet of curb, fronting on

Lots 9 to 12, inclusive, Block 11, of the Ladd Addition, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.
RESOLUTION  	The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the population of the City of Las Vegas has increased from 8,400
to approximately 19,500 in the last three years as a result of war impact, and

WHEREAS, the built-up area of the City of Las Vegas has increased from
approximately 400 acres to approximately 1,000 acres in this same period, and

WHEREAS, approximately 70% of the present population of the City of Las Vegas
is a population increase due to war impact, and

WHEREAS, the great majority of these war industry workers must travel to
plants outside the City Limits,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that application be
made to the Federal Government, through the Federal Works Agency, for
financial assistance to construct adequate facilities to meet the demands
placed on the streets and Street Department of the City of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all necessary information, reports, maps
and preliminary drafts necessary for said application be prepared by the
Engineering Department of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada in order that a fully adequate and complete report be submitted to
the Federal Government, by and through the Federal Works Agency, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that Lots four (4) to eight (8), inclusive, Block
two (2) and Lots three (3) to seven (7), inclusive, Block thirty-three
(33), in Las Vegas Original Townsite, as shown on Page 17 of Book 1, of
Plats in the Office of the Recorder, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and all of Block five (5) in Sunrise Park Tract #1, as shown on Page 2,
of Book 2, of Plats in the Office of the Recorder, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, which are owned in fee simple by the City of Las Vegas, be and
are hereby set aside for the construction of Street Department storage and
shop facilities secured under this application.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing Resolution be adopted and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

RESOLUTION	The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, contemplates the
construction of Defense Access War Industry No. 44 Highway, from Bonanza
Road via Charleston Boulevard to Fremont Street in the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has
heretofore adopted a resolution whereunder it agreed to secure additional
rights of way to accommodate such construction, and such rights of way are
now being acquired; and

WHEREAS, the Department of Highways of the State of Nevada, hereby presents
a set of plans, showing in detail the Typical Section, Plan and Profile,
for the construction of said highway, to the City of Las Vegas, for checking
and approval;

NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the construction of the proposed
improvement of said highway along the acquired right of way and public street
at no cost other than rights of way to the City of Las Vegas, the City of Las
Vegas, a body politic, acting by and through its Board of City Commissioners,
does hereby assert its checking and approval of the set of plans for the
above mentioned highway.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, by and through its officers
thereunto duly authorized, has caused this resolution to be executed this
16th day of October, 1943.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing Resolution be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign them and further that the Mayor and
City Clerk be authorized to sign the title sheet, if found to be in proper
order by the City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Smith moved that upon the completion of the proposed Bonanza-
Charleston Highway, the City Commissioners will within their power, abandon
that portion of the Tonopah Highway not within the new highway right of way,
that is at this time located in the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 29, and the
NE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 32, both in Township 20 South, Range 61 East,
provided, however, the Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company, will, when
requested, grant an 80 foot right of way along and between Sections 29 and
32, of Township 20 South, Range 61 East, between the North end of East
Tonopah Drive, along said Section line to the junction with Bonanza Road.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

CHARLESTON BLVD.   Commissioner Smith moved that because of the increased traffic on
RIGHT OF WAY	Charleston Boulevard and the further fact that the Railroad Company

contemplates future construction of rail lines over Charleston
Boulevard, it is ordered that the Mayor and the City Clerk be
authorized to contact Congressional Members, asking their support
in getting grade separation between the Union Pacific Railroad and
Charleston Boulevard immediately. Motion was seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none,

GAMING AND LIQUOR   Commissioner Bates moved that no applications for new gambling or
APPLICATIONS -   Liquor establishments will be considered by this Board for the
NEW	duration of the war and six months thereafter, effective as of

12:00 noon this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until
10:00 A.M., Tuesday morning, October 19. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 19, 1943

 At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners,
held this 19th day of October, 1943, the meeting was called to order
by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 10:30 A. M., with the
following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and Smith,

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Absent: Auditor, Mac Cazier and Commissioner Clark.

 Reading of the Minutes of the previous meeting were waived until the
  next regular meeting, to be held November 2, 1943.

FIRE STATION	Commissioner Corradetti moved that a notice be run in the Newspaper,

SKETCHES	  requesting all interested architects to submit tentative sketches of

the proposed fire station for the City of Las Vegas, that information
of the proposed fire station may be obtained at the City Engineer's
Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

WAR MEMORIAL	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the request of the United States Postal

BUILDING	 	Department for use of the War Memorial Building, December 15th to

U.S.POST OFFICE December 31st, inclusive, as a parcel post depot, be granted, at a

rental of $10.00 per day.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

TAXI CABS -	 Commissioner Bates moved that the motion heretofore made by himself on

MOTION RESCINDED   October 16, 1943, regulating the use and operation of taxi cabs be, and

the same is, hereby repealed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Smith Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
TAXI CAB	  Commissioner Bates moved that the Board grant licenses for all cabs

APPLICATIONS  	owned or hereafter owned by the present cab owners and that no cab

company shall be granted a permit to operate more cabs than it has in
operation at this time and which has heretofore been authorized by the
City Commission, as follows:

Blue Cab Company	6

Riddle Tours	12

Vega Transit	12

Tanner Motors	12

Lee Speers	2

C.	W. Lane	2

All	cab companies shall identify their cabs by a numeral on	the rear of

the	cab, where it can be seen	readily and that said numbers	shall be

registered with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ORDINANCE NO.   The following proposed Ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND, REVISE,
286 -	FIRST  	AND	RE-ENACT SECTIONS 2, 4, 6	AND 9 OF ORDINANCE 264 OF THE	CITY OF LAS

READING	VEGAS ENTITLED: 'AN ORDINANCE	OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY	OF LAS VEGAS,

ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT, INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS,
WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DEFINING SUCH DISTRICTS: DECLARING IT
UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS
OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL
DISTRICTS: REGULATING THE ERECTING, ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTENANCE, OPERATION
AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS:
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE, AND REPEALING
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH,' AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," having heretofore been referred to
the Planning Board and upon their recommendation that said ordinance be
adopted, it was read to the Board of City Commissioners for the first
time.

Commissioner Smith moved the approval of said ordinance on the first
reading. Motion was seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

WAR MEMORIAL HALL   Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Reverend Barber for
REVEREND BARBER   use of the War Memorial Building for church purposes on the night of

the 21st and the 22nd of October, 1943, be denied. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Jake Ensley for
JAKE ENSLEY	  Retail Tavern Liquor License at 1315 North D Street, Westside, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAMING APPLICATION   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of J. W. Alexe for a
EL CORTEZ HOTEL      slot machine at El Cortez Hotel, 612 E. Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting adjourn until November
2nd, at 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
November 2, 1943

  At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held the 2nd day of

November, 1943, the meeting was called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin,
and the following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the regular and recessed regular
  meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held October 16, and 19 be approved by
  reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLAIMS	  Mr. Smith moved that Payroll Claims, No. 3,859 to 4,025, inclusive, and 4099 and

 	4100 be approved in the sum of $15,314.20.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote; 

Commissioner Smith, Clark, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLAIMS	  Commissioner Smith moved that Claims Nos. 4026 to 4098, inclusive, in the sum of

$5,285.75 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioner Clark, Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CONTRACT	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor	and City Clerk be authorized to execute

BOOKKEEPING	 	a maintenance contract with the Monroe	Calculating Machine Co. of Pasedena,

MACHINE	California for the maintenance of the Monroe Calculating Machine in the 

Engineering Department and the Bookkeeping Machine in the City Clerk’s Office, in
the sum of $33.00 per year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLARK COUNTY   The monthly report of the Clark County Health Department for the month of 
HEALTH DEPT.	 	September was submitted and ordered filed.

REPORT

BROKERAGE	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of George F. Moffet for permission

BUSINESS	  to operate a brokerage business for transportation be denied.

APPLICATION

DENIED	Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by following vote.

Commissioners Clark, Smith, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

WAR MEMORIAL HALL	Commissioner Bates moved that the Little Theater Group be permitted the use of

LITTLE THEATER     the Memorial Hall from November 30 through December 4, for $100 rental; $10.00
GROUP	a night for the three nights of rehearsal; $35.00 a night for the two nights

when putting on the show and charging an admission fee. The Board of City
Commissioners waived Public Liability Insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CIVILIAN DEFENSE   Commissioner Clark moved that the appointment of Mr. Lynn Botts as the Fire
FIRE GUARD	  Guard of The Air Raid Warden Service be approved and the City Clerk authorized

APPOINTED	to notify Mr. Botts and the Executive Committee of the Clark County Civilian

Defense Council of said approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Smith, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

NORTH 14th STREET   Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer asking the
F.P.H.A. HOUSING     Government to eliminate that portion of land shown on the attached map from 
PROJECT-RIGHT OF WAY condemnation proceedings be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Clark, Bates, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

DEMANDS	Commissioner Bates moved that the demands of Dan Jondahl and A. J. Rafael be

DAN JONDAHL       denied and the City Attorney so notify said claiment.

A. J. RAFAEL

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;

Commissioners Clark, Bates, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

REPORT	The reports of the Building and Plumbing Inspectors for the month of October

BUILDING &	 	were received and ordered filed.

PLUMBING	 

INSPECTORS

GAMING APPLICATION Commissioner Corradetti moved that the gaming application of A. L. Arnold for
A. L. ARNOLD       on slot machine at the El Rancho Market, 419 North Main St. and the application
BERT O’DONNELL	of Bert O'Donnell for one slot machine at the Rancho Grande Creamery, 406 South

Second Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

RETAIL BEVERAGE   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Jake Ensley for a retail
LICENSE: JAKE	beverage license at the Dew Drop Inn, 1315 Jackson Street be granted.

ENSLEY

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VIOLATION	Commissioner Smith moved that whenever Ordinance 244 or any licensing ordinance

BUSINESS	  is violated, that all such matter be referred by the City Clerk to the City

ORDINANCES	Attorney for enforcement.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

DISPOSAL PLANT  	Commissioner Clark moved that the City advertise for bids for the use of

EFFLUENT WATER  	water and land for farming purposes released from the New Disposal Plant

located near the East City Limits.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ORDINANCE 286	  An Ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND, REVISE AND REENACT SECTION 2-

ADOPTED	  4-6 and 9 OF ORDINANCE 264 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS" entitled, "AN ORDINANCE

OF THE COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT,
INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICT IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:	DEFINING SUCH

DISTRICT, DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH, MAINTAIN OR OPERATE
CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICT,

AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICT REGULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT, MAIN-
TENANCE, REBUILDING OR OPERATION OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID
DISTRICT." Providing penalties for the violation of said ordinance and
repealing ordinances in conflict herewith and to repeal all ordinances,
part of ordinances in conflict therewith, was read to the Board for the
second time. Commissioner Smith moved the adoption of said ordinance upon
its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Clark, Bates, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye: noes none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until November 16, at the
hour of 2 P. M..

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 16, 1943

 	At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of

 	November,1943, meeting called to order at the hour of 2:00 P.M. by His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith, City Purchasing Agent, Mr. Simonton, City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

  Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of November 2nd be approved by
  reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS   Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims No. 4101 to 4251, inclusive, in the

sum of $13,363.15 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLAIMS APPROVED   Commissioner Smith moved that Claims No. 4252 to 4257, inclusive, in the sum of

$1,604.60, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL	 

INSPECTOR'S REPORT The report of the City Electrical Inspector for the month of October, 1943, was

received and ordered filed.

WAR MEMORIAL BLDG.  Commissioner Clark moved that the request of the Carpenter's Local Union, #1780,
CARPENTER'S	  for permission to hold a banquet and dance in the evening, Saturday, November 27,

UNION	1943, be approved and that a rental of $10.00 be charged.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SOUTHERN NEVADA   Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Southern Nevada Industries dated
INDUSTRIES LTD.  	February 25, 1943, in the sum of $1800.51, be denied, because it was never

CLAIM DENIED	authorized purchased and the material never delivered.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

  

H. W. BALL	Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of H. W. Ball, Janitor, in the sum of

CLAIM	$30.00, covering forty hours of overtime work at $0.75 an hour be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:

Commissioner Clark, Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
WAR MEMORIAL BLDG. Commissioner Clark moved that all applications to rent the War Memorial Hall
RENTAL	be presented, in writing, to the Board of City Commissioners for approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

LEASE CE601.53	Commissioner Bates moved that the motion heretofore made on September 2,

MOTION RECINDED   1943, relative to the signing of Lease #CE601.53, be recinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the proposed lease CE601.53, between the City
of Las Vegas and the C.A.A., be executed by the Mayor and the City Clerk
be authorized to attest said signature.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

Noes none.

RESIGNATION  	Commissioner Smith moved that the resignation of Mac Cazier as City Auditor

MAC CAZIER  	and Purchasing Agent be accepted as of November 15, 1943.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Commissioner Smith write a letter to
Mr. Cazier thanking him for his services and his interest in the City of
Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

RICHARD M.	Commissioner Smith moved that the appointment of Mr. Simonton as Deputy City

SIMONTON-	  Clerk, acting in the capacity of Auditor and Purchasing Agent be approved.

DEPUTY CLERK  

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote;
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

The following letter was received from the City Clerk and ordered spread
on the minutes.

November 16, 1943

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

In line with my request it is satisfactory with me to appoint Mr. Simonton
as Deputy City Clerk in charge of Auditing and Purchasing.

Very truly yours,

Helen Scott Reed
CITY CLERK

NOTARY PUBLIC   Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to obtain a
SEAL	 Notary Seal and bond for Mr. R. A. Simonton.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

RETAIL BEVERAGE	 	Commissioner	Corradetti	moved that the application	of	Gus Kline for a

LICENSE-GUS KLINE	 	retail beverage license	at South Main & Charleston	Boulevard, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Ba tes, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

GAMING	Commissioner	Corradetti	moved that the application	of	Ted Saunders for a

VICTORY CAFE  	slot machine	license at	the Victory Sandwich Shop #2,	124½ No. 1st St., be

granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

BLACK CAT CAFE  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Clara Powe for a slot
EDMUNDS’ ASSOCIATED machine license at the Black Cat Cafe, 418 Madison St. and the application
SERVICE	of Edmunds’ Associated Service at 5th & Carson St. be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:

Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.
The application of Albert Goot at the Food Center at 770 Fremont St. 
for an Importer's Beverage Liquor License was held up pending proof
that they have secured their State License.

LEASE-STABLES   Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed lease submitted by the City
J K HOUSSEL	Attorney between	the	City of Las Vegas and J. K. Houssel	for a lease on

the City Stables	for	a term	of six months commencing the	15th day of

November, 1943 and ending at midnight, the 15th day of May, 1944, at a
rental of $50.00	per	month,	payable as set forth in said	lease, be approved

and the Mayor authorized to	sign said lease and the City	Clerk to attest

his signature.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

FERTILIZER	  Commissioner Bates moved that all persons wishing to secure fertilizer

CITY STABLES   from the City Stables and center field may obtain it by contacting M. E.

Leavitt, Street Superintendent, and hauling it away at their own expense.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

  noes none.

CONTRACT	 Commissioner Corradetti moved that upon recommendation of the City Engineer

H.F. HENDRICKSON CO. the Mayor be authorized to make a supplement to the agreement with the

H. F. Hendrickson Co., as follows: "Upon completion and acceptance of all

work required hereunder, the amount due the contractor under this contract
will be paid legal tender upon the presentation of the properly executed,
duly certified voucher, therefore, The contractor shall furnish the City
with a release if required, of all claims, by the City arising under and
by virtue of contract other than such claims, if any, as may be specifically
accepted by the contractor from the operation of the release in stated
amounts to be set forth therein". Further, that said contract be executed
by the Mayor and attested by the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

VACATION	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Eileen Auerbach, for a

EILEEN AUREBACH   vacation starting December 18, at the expiration of one year’s service with

the City, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

JUNIOR POLICE   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Purchasing Agent be authorized to
PATROL UNIFORMS   issue a Purchase Order to the Junior Chamber of Commerce covering the purchase
PURCHASE ORDER	of jackets, caps, and emblems for the Junior Police Patrol in the sum of

$64.41, and that said Junior Chamber of Commerce bill the City for that amount
and we will send them a check.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting adjourn until December 2nd,
at the hour of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 2, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 2nd day of
  December, 1943, meeting was called to order by his Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin
  at the hour of 2:30 P.M., with the following members present: Commissioners

   Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. and City
Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. 

  Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved
by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
CLAIMS	  Commissioner Smith moved that Claims No. 4418 to 4521 inclusive, in the

sum of $6,913.22 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims No. 4258 to 4417 inclusive

and 4522 to 4526 inclusive be approved in the sum of $15,058.07. That
Claim No. 4338 be withheld pending the submission of claim for service
performed by Mr. Shannon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

CONFIRMATION	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board confirm the action taken by the

HIRING CITY	 	Board of City Commissioners at an informal meeting held on the 9th day of

MANAGER	November, wherein Charles C. McCall was appointed City Manager of the City

of Las Vegas, at a salary of $6,000 per year, effective January 1, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ACCEPTANCE SEWER   Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City Commissioners confirm the
DISPOSAL PLANT	action taken by the Board at an informal meeting on November 19, 1943, of

the acceptance of the sewer disposal plant collection system from the United
States Government.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PLUMBING INSPECTORS Commissioner Clark moved that the report of the Plumbing Inspector for the
REPORT FILED	  Month of November be filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ENGINEERING DEPT.  Commissioner Bates moved that Frances Black be hired as a stenographer in
FRANCES BLACK	the Engineering Department during the vacation of Mrs. Auerbach at a salary

HIRED	of $100.00 per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

BUILDING INSPECTORS Commissioner Clark moved that the Building Inspector’s Report for the Month
REPORT FILED	of November be filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ELECTRICAL	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Report of the Electrical Inspector for

INSPECTOR’S	the Month of November be	filed.

REPORT

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

COUNCIL CHAMBER   Commissioner Bates moved that permission be granted the American Red Cross
THE AMERICAN RED   for use of the Council Chamber on Monday morning, January 24, from 9:30 to
CROSS	12:30.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

AUDITORIUM	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the Central Labor Council of Clark County be

A.F.of L.	granted the use of the War Memorial Building for an open public meeting on

Tuesday evening, December 7 at a rental of ten dollars.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT   Commissioner Clark moved	that the	report	of	the Clark County Health

REPORT	Department for the month	of October	be	filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:

  Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PROPHYLAXIS LEASE   Commissioner Clark moved that the lease of the Prophylaxis Station, existing
TERMINATED	  between the United States Government and the City of Las Vegas, located at

the police station, be terminated as of December 2, 1943.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.
RIGHT-OF-WAY OVER   Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City Commissioners accept the
UNION PACIFIC      right-of-way described in the letter from the Union Pacific Railroad, under
GROUNDS	date of November 16, 1943, subject to all revisions outlined in said letter

and that said letter be copied into the minutes and made a part thereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

"UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY
401 So. Second Street
Las Vegas, Nevada

November 16, 1943

 Hon. E. W. Cragin, Mayor
and

• City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

In connection with the request from the City for right-of-way for
proposed highway connection between Bonanza Road and Charleston Boulevard
over a portion of the Union Pacific grounds enclosing our springs and wells:

Will you kindly advise what public authority desires the deed,--
whether State, County, or City, so we may present the request to our officials
for approval.

Will you please also advise if it will be satisfactory if we
furnish easement for roadway purposes with consideration (vacation by ordinance
of the existing high way through our property, which the City has assented to)
and the following reservations:

1.	Reversion in event of discontinuance
of use for roadway purposes.

2.	Retention of water rights.

3.	Our usual oil and mineral rights
reservation.

4.	Grantee at its cost to construct
fence on each side of right-of-way.

I would be glad to have copy of the resolution concerning the
vacating of old Tonopah road after new highway has been constructed.

Yours very truly,

/S/ Walter R. Bracken
WALTER R. BRACKEN,

Special Representative.

cc - Mr. Robert A. Allen."

TAXI APPLICATION  Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Carol W. Wells and
DENIED	R. L. Buchfink to operate a taxi business in the City of Las Vegas be

denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

NEW GAMING AND	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following new applications for gaming

LIQUOR LICENSES     and liquor licenses be granted:

GRANTED

A. R. Leonard, Cardinal Sandwich Shop, Retail Beverage License
E. A. Robinson, The Esquire, 120 S. 2nd, Importer's Beverage-Liquor License
Albert Goot, Food Center, 770 Fremont, Importer's Beverage-Liquor License
R. Roschl, Thrifty Market, So. 1st & Charleston Sts., Slot Machine License
Pat Rozzelle, Cardinal Sandwich Shop, 508 Fremont, Slot Machine License
J. K. Houssels, Las Vegas Club, 23 Fremont, Faro Gaming

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ASSISTANT	  Commissioner Bates moved that an assistant librarian be hired as of

LIBRARIAN HIRED December 2, 1943, at a salary of $125.00 per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PETTY CASH FOR	Commissioner Bates moved that a petty cash fund be set up for the librarian

THE LIBRARIAN	in the sum of $6.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.
LICE ORDINANCES Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Attorney be instructed to
ORDERED AMENDED   prepare amendments to ordinances affecting license fees.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

AUDITORIUM - WAR   Commissioner Bates moved that the serving of food or beverages at any time,
MEMORIAL BUILDING	or use of any gambling devises be prohibited in the auditorium of the War

Memorial Building and that all persons renting same be so informed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;	 

  noes none.	 

SIDEWALKS REPAIR   Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be instructed to notify

property owners to make repairs to their sidewalks where needed, within
thirty days after receipt of notification, and that If such action is not
taken the City will proceed to make the said repairs and assess the
property owners therefore. Further the City Engineer will furnish addresses
and the Street Department will deliver said notices to said addresses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;	 

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

RED CROSS	  Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the joint planning

BUILDING SITE	commission regarding the site of the Red Cross Building in the City Park

area be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ZONING CASE NO.   Commissioner Clark moved that the right be granted to Ira B. Holmes for the
IRA B. HOLMES,	finishing of photographic films in the rear of 1026 So. 3rd St. as recommended

IRENE HOLMES,	  by the joint planning commission subject to certain provisions as set forth

PETITIONERS-	in their letter of December 2, 1943.

SOUTH ADDITION

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

CLAIM NO. 4338	  Commissioner Smith moved that Claim No. 4338 be paid due to the fact that

Mr. Shannon had performed work on the City owned building in Westside

which entitled him to rent free until the first of December, 1943.	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT Commissioner Corradetti moved that hereafter the Police Department be
RENTAL OF MOTOR   authorized to rent motor cycles at a total cost to the City of one dollar
CYCLES	($1.00) per day each.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

EARL DAVIS	Commissioner Bates moved that Earl Davis be granted his annual two weeks

VACATION	 	leave beginning December 6, 1943 as recommended by Mr. Brown, City Engineer.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

COMMITTEE	  His Honor, Mayor Cragin appointed Harlan C. Brown and Commissioner Corradetti

APPOINTED -	to secure additional information from Mr. Kester on the proposed Fire Station.

FIRE STATION

FIRE STATION	Commissioner Clark moved that Adrian Wilson be hired as architect for the

ARCHITECT HIRED    new Fire Station provided that he submits plans, satisfactory to the City,

immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

FIRE STATION SITE   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the piece of land directly behind the

Health Department Building be designated as the Main Fire Station Site.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until 7:30 P.M.,

December 3, 1943.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 3, 1943

 	At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this

 	3rd day of December, 1943, meeting was called to order by His Honor, Mayor

E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Reading of the minutes of the previous meeting were waived until the next
regular meeting.

PAYROLL CLAIMS     Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims No. 4527 to 4530 inclusive, in

the sum of $33.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until December 7, 1943,
at 10:00 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 7, 1943

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
7th day of December, 1943, meeting called to order at the hour of 10:30 A. M.,

 	by His Honor, E. W. Cragin, with the following members present: Commissioners

 	Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith, City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. and

City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of the Board meeting of December 2nd
be approved by reference with the exception of the motion designating the
  salary for Frances Black, which should be corrected to read $140.00 per month
  instead of $100.00 as appeared therein.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the recessed regular meeting held
December 3rd be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

LIBRARY	   Commissioner Smith moved that the Petty Cash Fund for the Librarian be raised

PETTY CASH	from six ($6.00) dollars to twenty-five ($25.00) dollars.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

EMERGENCY	An ordinance entitled, "An ordinance to amend section 8, as amended, of

ORDINANCE NO. 287   Ordinance No. 165 of the City of Las Vegas entitled 'An ordinance to prohibit
AMENDING ORDINANCE gaming and operation of slot machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first
NO. 165	obtaining a license therefore, repealing ordinances nos. 77, 82, 88, 103,

and 115, and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.’"
was read to the Board for the first time.

Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved the adoption of said ordinance on the
first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Thereafter, the foregoing ordinance was read for a second time and Commissioner
Smith moved the approval of said proposed Ordinance No. 287 and adoption 

thereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.
EMERGENCY	An ordinance entitled "An ordinance to amend seciont 16, as amended, of

ORDINANCE 288	Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An ordinance regulating

AMENDING	    the distribution and control of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and

ORDINANCE 203	beverages:	Regulating places where and under what conditions said

intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, and
given away or otherwise distributed, providing for permits and licenses:
Providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance: And repealing all
ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict therewith,' and repealing all
ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance."

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved the approval of proposed Ordinance 288
on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following voter
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Thereafter said proposed Ordinance 288 was read to the Board for a second
time and Commissioner Smith moved the approval and adoption of proposed
Ordinance 288.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:

  Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

ORDINANCE 210   Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be instructed to amend
ORDERED AMENDED Ordinance 210.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

An ordinance entitled "An ordinance to amend section 5, of Ordinance No. 210
of the City of Las Vegas entitled 'An ordinance to fix, impose and provide
for the collection of a license tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for
hire, and to regulate the operation and running of the same, within the City
of Las Vegas:	fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of

this ordinance:	and repealing ordinance No. 100 and all ordinances or parts

of ordinances in conflict herewith.'" was read to the Board for the first time.

Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said proposed Ordinance 289 on its
first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Thereafter, said proposed Ordinance 289 was read to the Board for a second
time and Commissioner Clark moved the approval and adoption of said ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

CONTRACT	  Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign

ADRIAN WILSON	the contract with Mr. Adrian Wilson, when he submits preliminary plans and

sketches satisfactory to the planning commission, for the erection of the
proposed Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner
Clark voted no.

CITY LIBRARY   Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendations of the City Auditor under date
RECOMMENDATION   of December 7th, providing regulations for accounting In connection with City
OF AUDITOR	Library be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until December 16, 1943
at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
December 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
 	December, 1943, meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin at the

 	hour of 2:15 P. M., with the following members present: Commissioners Bates,

Clark, and Smith, City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti

and City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved
    by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of December 2, 1943, Paragraph 4,
under marginal heading, "Claims", be corrected to read, $8,073.12 not $6,913.22
as appeared therein; also, on the same date under marginal heading, "Payroll
Claims", be corrected to read nos. 4259 to 4417 inclusive and 4522 to 4526
inclusive, in the sum of $15,058.07. Further, that the minutes of November 16,
1943, Paragraph 6, under marginal heading, "Claims Approved," the Claims Nos.
should read 4252 to 4258 inclusive, totaling $2,584.70, not $1,604.60

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLAIMS APPROVED      Commissioner Smith moved that Claims 4542 to 4545 inclusive, in the sum of

$218.70 be approved and the Payroll Claims for 4531 to 4541 inclusive, in the
sum of $13,288.01, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Clark moved that the applications for gaming and liquor licenses

GAMING AND LIQUOR     be held over until the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CEMETERY - REPAIR    Commissioner Bates moved that the typewriter at the cemetery belonging to
OF TYPEWRITER	Harry Jameson which has been used by the City for the past two years and is

in use there now, be repaired.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

FOOD ADMINISTRATION   Commissioner Clark moved that the request of the Food Administration Department
DEPARTMENT REQUEST    for space in the War Memorial Building be denied.

DENIED

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLARK COUNTY	  Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Clark County Community

COMMUNITY WAR CHEST  War Chest for desk space in the War Memorial Building be denied.

APPLICATION DENIED

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

 

LAS VEGAS HOSPITAL  

ASSN.-RE COLLECTION   Commissioner Smith moved that the request of the Las Vegas Hospital Assn. for

assistance in collecting accounts owed them by employees of the City be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

STANDARD WHOLESALE   Commissioner Clark moved that the claims of the Standard Wholesale Supply
SUPPLY COMPANY        Company, dated respectively 4/13/42 and 4/16/42 in the sums of $4.10 and $1.63
OUTLAWED CLAIM	be denied by reason of the provision set forth in Ordinance 240, Section 4

thereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

RED CROSS LEASE      Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be instructed to draw up a deed

for the site of the Red Cross Building on City owned ground at a rental of one
$1.00) dollar per year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CLARK COUNTY GENERAL Commissioner Smith moved that the following claims of the Clark County General
HOSPITAL CLAIMS       Hospital be denied. Claim dated, September 1, 1943, Ben Smith's treatment,

DENIED	$2.00 - August 20, 1943, Treatment of Ben Smith, $2.00 - August 20, 1943, Claim,

covering hospitalization of Ernest Nelson, $124.95 - and claim dated August 20,
1943 for suture on shoulder of W. E. Scott, $2.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
CEMETERY BOARD	    Commissioner Bates moved that the Board of City Commissioners approve

RECOMMENDATION	the recommendations of the Cemetery Board, in accordance with their

APPROVED	minutes of December 9, and that said minutes be incorporated in these

minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

"MINUTES OP THE LAS VEGAS CEMETERY BOARD

A meeting of the City Cemetery Board was held at the residence of H. S. Deadrich,
Dec. 9th, 1943. Those present were Henry Deadrich, H. B. Hoover, Albert C. 

Melton, also Commissioner W. B. Bates.

Motion was made by Hoover and seconded by Melton that this Board recommend
to the Honorable Mayor and City Commissioners, and to become effective Jan. 1,
1944 the following:	'That the price for opening and closing standard graves

be $12.00, graves for vaults and to be cemented $15.00, county graves $10.00,
baby graves $6.00.' 'All concrete work in cementing caskets $35.00. For
setting up, taking down and storing lowering devise $5.00 for each time used.' 

That no lot or lots be sold except through the sexton, and that no blocks of	

lots be sold, and no lots be sold to individuals other than family needs."

Motion was made by Melton seconded by Hoover that no headstones be placed or
set up in new section of cemetery above level of ground.

No further business appearing the meeting adjourned.

Respectfully submitted,

/S/ Albert C. Melton_________

Sec."

At this time City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. arrived.

GRAVEL SALE PRICE     Commissioner Smith moved that gravel from the City pits be sold from pit

to prospective purchasers at a rate of $0.35 per yard.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POUNDMASTER	   Commissioner Smith moved that the Poundmaster be requested to make a report

each day and the Finance Commissioner be authorized to work out a system of
fees covering the collection and feeding of animals and to turn such fees to
the City Clerk daily. Further, that all feed be purchased through the
Purchasing Agent.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SEWER DISPOSAL PLANT  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be authorized to draw up a
FARM LAND LEASE	lease between the City of Las Vegas and M. E. Leavitt and Wes Neeley for the

City owned property at the new disposal plant covering the use of the land
and water as heretofor.advertised for bid, and that the lease be on the same
terms as submitted in their bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CONTRACT ADRIAN      Commissioner Bates moved that the Board resind that certain motion made
WILSON	December 7th, reading as follows, "Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor

and City Clerk be authorized to sign the contract with Mr. Adrian Wilson
when he submits preliminary plans and sketches satisfactory to the planning
commission for the erection of the proposed Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner
Clark voted no.”

The foregoing motion was seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.	 

Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign
a contract between Adrian Wilson, architect, and the City for the erection of
a Fire Station when plans satisfactory to the Mayor and City Commissioners are
submitted by Adrian Wilson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BOARD MEETING	    Commissioner Clark moved that beginning the year 1944, the City Commission

TIME CHANGED	meet on the 7th and 22nd of each month at the hour of 2:00 P. M. and further,

that if any of these dates should fall on a Saturday or holiday that the
meeting be held the day prior thereto.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
Thereafter, there being no further business to come before the meeting,
Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until January 7, 1944,
at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

December 31, 1943
Las Vegas, Nevada

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas is hereby called to be held in the Commissioner's Room in the
War Memorial Building on Friday, December 31st, 1943 at the hour of
10:30 A. M., to act upon the following business:

1. Officially install City Manager.

2. Act on Gaming and liquor applications.	 

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: E. W. Cragin and to Pat Clark, A. Corradetti, Walter B. Bates and
A. F. Smith, Sr., Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call

this day issued by Mayor E. W. Cragin a special meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners will be held in the Commissioner's Room at the
War Memorial Building on Friday, December 31st, 1943 at the hour of
10:30 A.M., to act upon the following business:

1.	Officially install City Manager.

2.	Act on gaming and liquor applications.

/s/ Helen Scott Reed_____________

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special
Meeting.

/s/ A. F. Smith, Sr.__________ /s/ W. B. Bates____________________________

/s/ E. W. Cragin______________ /s/ A. Corradetti__________________________

/s/ Pat Clark_________________

Detail of special meeting. Meeting called to order by His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 10:30 A.M., the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith, City

Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the new City Manager, Charles C. McCall,
be bonded in the sum of Ten Thousand ($10,000) Dollars under the
Schedule policy.

Motion sceonded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.
Commissioner Smith moved that in compliance with the motion spread
on the Minute Book as of May 17, at a regular meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners, whereby the office of City Manager was authorized to
be appointed at some future date, we now appoint Mr. Charles C. McCall
whom we have mutually agreed meets requirements as specified in said
motion of May 17, 1943, be and hereby is appointed City Manager of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada at a salary in the amount of
Six Thousand ($6,000.00) Dollars, per annum subject to change from
time to time commencurate to changes of increased or decreased population
increased public operation and increased or decreased business
establishments within the or without the city limits of the city of Las
Vegas, as they exist at the present time or as they may be changed
in the future. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
Whereafter, Charles C. McCall was sworn in as City Manager for the
City of Las Vegas.

THE OLD WEST	     Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application for a Beverage

BEVERAGE LICENSE  	License of Tom Hull at "The Old West", 16 Fremont Street, be denied,

APPLICATION	in compliance with the motion made and carried as of October 16, 1943.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION      Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following renewals of liquor
RENEWALS	licenses be granted.

Ted Konduris	Southwestern Liquor Store	101	Carson Avenue	Retail Liquor

P. 0.	Silvagni	Apache Bar (Back)	2nd	and Fremont	Retail	Tavern Liquor

P. 0.	Silvagni	Apache Bar (front)	2nd	and Fremont	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Importer's Liquor
Cocktail Lounge

Al Salton	Al's Bar	111 S. First	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Wilma Wilgar	Betty's Cafe	1039 S. Mail	Retail	Beverages

Robert L. Brooks	Nevada Biltmore Hotel	North Mail	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Retail Cabaret Liquor

M. S. Jacobs	Boulder Liquor Store	423	Fremont	Importer's Beverage

Retail Package Liquor

O.	H.	Hillman	Bill's Lunch	217	N. Main	Retail	Beverage

P.	L.	Jefferson	Brown Derby Cafe	320	Monroe	Retail	Beverage

Cut Rate Liquor Store	Josie Dondich	132	S. Fifth	Importer's Liquor

Sealed Package Liquor

John Karris	Coney Island Cafe	105 Fremont	Retail	Beverage

A. R. Leonard	Cardinal Sandwich Shot	508 Fremont	Retail	Beverage

Moe Taub	Cotton Club	500 Jackson	Retail	Beverage

Jake Ensley	Do Drop Inn Cafe	1315 D & Jackson	Retail	Beverage

John D. Anton	Desert Inn	1503 S. Fifth	Retail	Beverage

Abe Kroloff	Eith Ball Barr	117 N First	Retail	Tavern Liquor

E. A. Robinson	The Esquire	120 S. Second	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Importer's Beverage

M. B.	Hicks	El Cortez Hotel Company	612	Fremont	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Cocktail Lounge

Bruce Stanfield	Foreign Club	111	N.	First	Retail	Tavern	Liquor

Robert Testolin	Fremont Tavern,	Inc.	105	S.	First	Retail	Tavern	Liquor

Guy McAfee	Frontier Club	117 Fremont	Retail	Beverage

Albert Goot	Food Center	770 Fremont	Retail	Liquor

Importer's Beverage

Joe Morgan	Golden Camel Bar	110	N.	First	Retail	Tavern	Liquor

Blaine Johnson	Johnson's Gocery	630 S. Fifth	Retail Beverage

Mrs. O.L. Christierrnson Jimmie's Bar	807 S. Main	Retail Beverage

P. 0.	Silvagni	Keva Bar	2nd	and Fremont	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Clifford C. Griggs	Log Cabin Bar	122	N.	First	Retail	Tavern	Liquor

Anna Mae Weller	Lido Bar	107	N.	First	Retail	Tavern	Liquor

J. K. Houssels &	Las Vegas Club	21-23 Fremont	Retail Beverage

Joe W. Horden

J. K. Houssels	Las Vegas Tavern	19 Fremont	Retail	Tavern Liquor

George Markich	Las Vegas Liquor Store	812 Fremont	Scaled	Package Liquor

Jerry G. Masek	Las Vegas Distributing Co. 508 S. Mail	Wholesale Liquor

Importer's Liquor

Guy McAfee	Mandalay Bar	115 Fremont	Retail Tavern Liquor

Importer's Beverages

M. H. Gordon	Mike's Liquor Store	106 Fremont	Retail Tavern Liquor

Importer's Beverages

J. W. McMichael	The Market Spot	117 Carson	Retail	Liquor

John D. Corey	Nevada Bar	115 N. First	Retail	Tavern Liquor

W. C. Stark	Nevada National Ice	Co.	320 S. Main	Wholesale Beverage

Importer's Beverage

Boycie Ensley-	Oklahoma Cafe	220 N. First	Retail	Beverage

J. K. Houssel	Overland Bar	6 Fremont	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Para Lee Adams	Pearl's Cafe	224 N. First	Retail	Beverage

L.	B. Scherer	Pioneer Bar & Cocktail Lounge 25 Fremont	Retail Tavern Liquor

Importer's Beverage
Retail Beverage

George Parry	Playland Bar	131	S. First	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Mrs. Andrew Petitti	Rex Bar	124	So. First	Retail	Tavern Liquor

R. G. Garner	Recreation Tavern	123	S. Second	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Edw. Tip Rowe	Tip's Cafe	1516 South Fifth	Retail Beverage

J. K. Houssels	Sal Segev Tavern	1 Fremont	Retail Tavern Liquor

V. R. Shurtleff	Sewell’s	307 Fremont	Wholesale Beverage

Retail Beverage

Frank Lancaster	Square Deal Club	1322 E. Street	Retail Tavern Liquor

Bert Smith	Smith's Root Beer Stand	311	Stewart	Retail	Beverage

Orpha Sill Miller	Sill's	5th	& Charleston	Retail	Beverage

M.	C. Kress	State Cafe	20 Fremont	Retail	Restaurand

Gus Klein	Thrifty Market	So.	Main & Charleston Retail	Beverage

E. D. Ciliax	Town Barbecue	506	Fremont	Retail	Beverage

J. B. Gaut	Tivoli Tavern	126	N First	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Sam Stearns	Turf Club	15 Fremont	Retail	Tavern Liquor

Charles Williams	Verna's Grill	121	S. Fifth	Retail	Beverage

James M. Sill	Wimpy's	206	Fremont	Retail	Beverage

Mary C. Keenan	Westside Tavern	206	Nilson	Retail	Beverage

Arthur B. Witcher	Boulder Club, Inc.	122	Fremont	Retail	Beverage

Retail Tavern Liquor
C. R. "Pat" Clark &	Nevada Beverage Co.	1112 S. Third	Wholesale Liquor

J. K. Houssel, Jr.	Wholesale Beverage

Mark S. Schulman	Clark's	Market	1500 E. Fremont	Importer's Beverage

(Marks Food Co.)	Sealed Package Liquor

Ethel Rapoport	Ethel's	Liquor	Store	28 Fremont	Importer's Beverage

Sealed Package Liquor

Ethel Rapoport	Ethel's	Liquor	Store	409 Fremont	Sealed Package Liquor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and Hi Honor
voting aye; noes none.

THE OLD WEST	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Tom Hull for a

GAMING APPLICATION   gaming license at the "Old West", 16 Fremont, be denied by virtue of

a certain motion made and passed on October 16, 1943.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following applications for
RENEWED	gaming licenses be renewed.

Clark Market(Marks Food Co.) 1500 E. Fremont	7	Slot	Machines

Food Center	770 Fremont	7	Slot	Machines

Gilbert Bros. Grocery	Bonanza at Underpass	4	Slot	Machines

Tip's Cafe	1516 S. Fifth	2	Slot	machines

Town Barbecue	506	Fremont	3	slot	machines

Recreation Tavern	123	S. Second	4	slot	machines

Smith's Root Beer Stand	311	Stewart	2	slot	machines

Sewell’s United Stores	307	Fremont	3	slot	machines

Southwestern Liquor Store    101 Carson	1	slot	machine

Verna's Grill	121	S. Fifth	1	slot	machine

Westside Pool Hall	508	Jackson	1	slot	machine

Geo. & Addie M. Guice Groc. 501 Jackson	2	slot	machines

Victory Sandwich Shop #2	124½ N	First	2	slot	machines

Victory Sandwich Shot #1	116 S.	First	1	slot	machine

Nevada Biltmore Hotel	Main &	Bonanza Rd.	9	slot	machines

2 "21" games
1 Crap table

1	Roulette table

Overland Cafe	6 Fremont	1	slot	machine

Cornet's 5¢ & 10¢ Store	205 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Read City Drug	231 Fremont	11 slot machines

Cardinal Sandwich shop	508	Fremont	6	slot	machines

Orange Julius Co.	405	Fremont	5	slot	machines

Square Deal Club	1322 "E" St.	3 slot machines

2	poker games
1 crap game

Sam's Cafe	320	Fremont	2	slot	machines

Silver State Newstand	110	South Second	4	slot	machines

Sam's Cafe	320	Fremont	3	slot	machines

Sal Sagev Tavern	1 Fremont	8	slot	machines

P and B Cafe	200 N First	1	slot	machine

Thrifty Market	First & Charleston	1	slot	machine

Las Vegas Club	21-23 Fremont	29 slot machines

1 poker game
1 pan game
4 "21" games
1 crap game
1 roulette game
1 race horse keno
lfaro game
1 race horse book

1	tango - 130 chains @

$1.50 per chair

McDonald Hotel	208 N. Fifth	2	slot	machines

Las Vegas Tavern	21 Fremont	7	slot	machines

Silver Cafe	106	N.	First	4	slot	machines

Silver Club	108	N.	First	2	slot	machines

2	"21" games
1 faro game
1 crap game

1	roulette wheel

Playland Arcade	129 S. First	43	slot	machines

Mike's Liquor Store	106	Fremont	4	slot	machines

Westside Tavern	206	Wilson	3	slot	machines

Sal Sagev Hotel	Main &	Fremont	3	slot	machines

Sal Sagev Hotel Cafe	Main &	Fremont	2	slot	machines

The Slot Machine	101 Fremont	36	slot	machines

Wimpy's	206 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Sill's Drive In	Fifth & Charleston	4	slot	machines

Rancho Grande Creamery	406 S.	Second	1	slot	machine

Union Cafe	119 N.	First	1	slot	machine

Snyder's Grocery	300	Bonanza Road	1	slot	machine

Oppedyke Jersey Dairy	600	N. Main	1	slot	machine

Log Cabin Bar	  122 N. First	3 slot machines

Overland Hotel	Main & Fremont	2	slot	machines

Pioneer Club	25 Fremont	45	slot	machines

2	pan games

6	poker games

1	race horse keno

7	"21" games

2	roulette wheels
2 crap games

2 faro bank
Pearl's Cafe	224	N. First	4	slot	machines

Snyder s Underpass 	Store	300	Bonanza Road	2	slot	machines

Al's Bar	1ll S. First	16 slot machines

New Overland Cafe	6 Fremont	3 slot machines

Nevada Bar	115	N. First	7	slot	machines

Lido Bar	107	N. First	6	slot	machines

Turx Club and Bar	15 Fremont	12 slot machines

	Race Horse Book

Overland Bar	6 Fremont	4 slot machines

Mandalay Bar	115 premont	10 slot machines

The Market Spot	117 Carson	4 slot machines

Jack Pot	116 Fremont	10 slot machines

1	"21" game
1 crap game
1 roulette wheel
1 poker game

1	penny roulette

Apache Hotel	Second & Fremont	3	slot	 machines

Apache Cafe	Second & Fremont	3	slot	 machines

Apache Bar (rear)	Second & Fremont	6	slot	 machines

Apache Bar (front)	Second & Fremont	6	slot	 machines

Boulder Liquor Store	423 Fremont	1	Slot	 machine

Boulder Liquor Store	423 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Betty's Cafe	1039 S. Main	3 slot machines

Busy Bee Cafe	105	N. First	2	slot	machines

B & H Grocery	402	Bonanza road	1	slot	machine

Boulder Drug Co.	121 E. Fremont	10 slot machines

Cut Rate Liquor	Store	132	S. Fifth	2	slot	machines

Dick’s Bar	118	N. First	2	slot	machines

Do Drop Inn	1315 D & Jackson	4	slot	 machines

Desert Inn	1503 S Fifth	1	slot	 machine

De Luxe Sandwich Shop	127 S. Second	2	slot	 machines

Desert Inn	1503 S. Fifth	2	slot	 machines

Brown Derby Bar & Cafe	329 Monroe	6	slot 	machines

Eight Ball Bar	117 N. First	11 slot machines

El Cortez Hotel  	612 Fremont	20 slot machines

2	"21" games
1 crap game

1 roulette wheel

Ethel's Liquor Store #1	28 Fremont	1	slot	machine

Ethel's Liquor Store #2	409 Fremont	1	slot	machine

Foreign Club	111 N. First	2	slot	machines

Fremont Arcade	105 Fremont	34 slot machines

1 crap game
1 "21" game

Fremont Tavern, Inc.	105 S. First	3	slot	machines

Frontier Club	117 Fremont	41 slot machines

5 Black-Jack games

1	pan game

4	poker games

2	roulette wheels

2	crap games

1 race horse keno
1 Tango - 102 chairs
Race Horse Book

Golden Camel Bar	110	N.	First	4	slot	machines

Johnson's Grocery	630	S.	Fifth	1	slot	machine

Jimmie's Bar	807	S.	Main	3	slot	machines

Keva Bar	Second & Fremont	8	slot	machines

Trail Cafe	13 Fremont	1	slot	machine

C. C. Underhill Poolroom	125 Fremont	9	slot	machines

C. C. Underhill	125 S. Second	10 slot machines

Las Vegas Liquor	Store	812 Fremont	1 slot machine

Trivoli Tavern	126	N.	First	3	slot	machines

Rex Bar	128	S.	First	2	slot	machines

Boulder Club, Inc.	118-20-22 Fremont	37 slot machines

1 pan game

3	poker games

1 big six wheel
1 hazard game

1	Faro Bank

2	Roulette Games
2 Crap games

5	"21" games

1 Race Horse Keno
1 Keno - 100 chains

State Cafe	20 Fremont	4 slot machines

Boysie's Cafe	220 N. First	1 slot machine

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until
January 7, at the hour of 2:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.


IAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JANUARY 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th
day of January, 1944. Meeting called to order by his Honor, Mayor E. W.

  Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M., with the following members present:
  Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Smith. City Attorney, Louis
Wiener, Jr. Chas. C. McCall, City Manager. Richard Simonton, Auditor



Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the special meeting of
December 31st be approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIMS APPROVED    Commissioner Smith moved that claims #4545 and 4546, 4558 to 4565 inclusive

amounting to $14,689.91 and payroll claims #4547 to 4557 inclusive, in
the sum of $15,176.02 be approved and the Mayor and city clerk authorized
to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Bates, Corradetti, Smith and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

 

CLAIM	 	The claim of Mr. Fleming covering architectural services for a sub-fire-

James A. Fleming	station was referred to the city attorney.

PLUMBING INSPECTOR     The reports of the plumbing inspector were ordered filed.

Report

PHOTO SHOP	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of A. L. Gates for renewal

License denied	 	of photo shop license at 324 Fremont be denied. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and his Honor votng aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE 290	 	An ordinance entitled "An ordinance to amend Section 11 of Ordinance No.	250

First reading	     of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance regulating the sale of milk,

cream and other dairy products in the city of Las Vegas:	Defining standard

for milk and cream:	Providing for the issuance of permits for the sale of

milk and cream and the revocation of such permits: Providing for the creation
of a milk ordinance committee:	Providing for the appointment of a dairy and

milk inspector:	Authorizing the city commissioners to promulgate rules and

regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance: Providing a penalty for the
violation of this ordinance:	Repealing Ordinance number 200 of the city of

Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream, and
other dairy products in the city of Las Vegas:	Defining standard for milk

and cream:	Providing for the issuance of permits for the sale of milk and

cream, and the revocation of such permits:	Authorizing the city commissioners

to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance:
Providing a penalty for the violation thereof:	And repealing all ordinances

and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith:’ And repealing all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance," was read to the Board
for the first time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the foregoing
Ordinance on its first reading. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Bates, Corradetti
 	and	his Honor, Mayor Cragin voting aye. Noes, Commissioner	Smith.

WM. GRAVES	The	demand of Wm. Graves covering alleged salary in the sum	of $1,332.32

Demand	was	considered at this time. Commissioner Smith moved that	said demand be

denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

APPLICATIONS - granted Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming and liquor licenses

gaming and liquor      be renewed:

renewals

E. P. Bihlmaier	Oasis	Cafe	123	Fremont	Retail	Restaurant

H. Gill Helm	Mom’s	Lunch	1401 E. Fremont	Retail	Beverage

Morton Goldring	Spic N Span	129	Fremont	Retail beverage

J. T. Watters	J. T. Watters	120-22 N. 2nd	Importer’s beverage-liquor

Wholesale Liquor

C.V.T. Gilbert	Gilbert’s Store	314 Bonanza Road	Retail	liquor license

P. O. Lafitte	Paul’s Cafe	920 E. Fremont	Retail	beverage

George Miller	Charleston Grocery	Charleston Blvd	Retail	beverage

R. D. Gard	Dick's Bar	118	N. 1st	Retail	beverage

O. K. Adcock	B.P.O.E	3rd	& Carson	Retail	Club liquor

James J. Adras	Pony	Coffee	Shop	123	S. 1st	Retail	beverage

James J. Adras	White Spot Cafe	109	Fremont	Retail	Restaurant

John Katsaros	Sam’s Cafe	320	Fremont	Retail restaurant

E. P. Bihlmaier	Oasis	Cafe	123	Fremont	4 slot	machines

Moe Taub	Cotton Club	500	Jackson	Ave	7 slot	machines

Race Horse Keno

J. W. Holden	Jack Pot	116	Fremont	1 21 game

H. Gill Helm	Mom’s Lunch	1401 Fremont	2 slot	machines

Carl E. Wilson	Pony Express Stages	123	S. 1st	7 slot	machines

Bruce Kilpatrick	Prescription	Pharmacy	814	Fremont	2 slot machines

Boycie Ensley	Oklahoma	Cafe	220	N. 1st	2 slot	machines

Lee Hughes	Westside	Cafe	D &	Madison	3 slot	machines

Horace G. Tucker	DeLuxe Sandwich	Shop	S. 2nd St.	2 slot	machines
Lee Hughes	Service Station	9th	& Fremont	1	slot	machine

Lee Hughes	Shady Rest Cafe	F &	Jackson	3	slot	machines

Lee Hughes	Black Cat Cafe	418	W. Madison	2	slot	machines

Lee Hughes	Hughes Grocery	509	W. Jackson	1	slot	machine

Lee Hughes	Belverdere Gardens Grocery H &	Harrison	1	slot	machine

Lee Hughes	Low Price Market	S.E. Main & Stewart 1	slot	machine

Lee Hughes	Tivoli Bar	126 N. 1st	1	slot	machine

Lee Hughes	Richfield Service Station	N.E. 5th & Main	1	slot	machine

Lee Hughes	Silver State Service Station	S.E. Main & 5th	2	slot	machines

Lee Hughes	Professional Pharmacy	423 Fremont	4 	slot	machines

Lee Hughes	Edmond’s Associated Station	5th & Carson	1	slot	machine

Lee Hughes	Esquire Bar	120 S. 2nd	1	slot	machine

James J. Adras	While Spot Cafe	109	Fremont	8	slot	machines

James J. Adras	Nevada Coffee Shop	113	N. 1st	2	slot	machines

N. Mack	Paul’s Cafe	920 Fremont	2 slot machines

Frank C. Kernan	Love Cafe	1501 S. 5th	1	slot	machine

R. D. Bingham	Modern Food Shop	315	Fremont	2	slot	machines

B. J. Curto	Charleston Hotel	119	S. 1st	1	slot	machine

A. L. Arnold	El Rancho Market	419	N. Main	2	slot	machines

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

M.E. LEAVITT	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized

Lease	to execute the lease of city owned land to Mr. M. E. Leavitt. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until January 22nd,
at the hour of 10:00 A.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 22, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day
of January, 1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin,

 	at the hour of 10:30 A. M., with the following members present: 

	Commissioners Bates, Clark, and Smith, City Manager, Charles C. McCall, City

Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the meeting of January 7th
be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

CLAIMS	 	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claim Numbers one (1) to eight (8)

inclusive, in the sum of $13,147.65 and Warrant Number nine (9), in the
sum of $1,041.32, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
Commissioner Corradetti absent.

GAMING APPLICATIONS   Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming applications be allowed.
ALLOWED

Las Vegas Club	J.	R. Sailor	#21-23 Fremont	1	crap	table

Las Vegas Barbecue	Louis Du Bois	22 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Esquire Bar	N.	Mack	120 South Second	4	slot	machines

White Cross Drug Store W.	E. Ferron	201 Fremont	2	slot	machines

Las Vegas Pharmacy	W.	E. Ferron	32 Fremont	2	slot	machines

Blue Cab Co.	H.	Emmett Ingersoll	127 North Main	1	slot	machine

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

SOUTHERN NEVADA        Commissioner Smith moved that the Southern Nevada Industries be notified
INDUSTRIES CLAIM	that the Board's original position in denying their claim dated, February 25,

1943, in the sum of $1,800.51 still prevails.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

PRESIDENT’S BALL   Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Junior Chamber of Commerce
WAR MEMORIAL HALL	for the use of the War Memorial Building on the 31st day of January for the
purpose of conducting the President's Ball be granted at a rental of
$25.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

WAR MEMORIAL HALL   Commissioner Smith moved that rental charges for the War Memorial Hall
RENTAL	be revised as follows:

Non-profit -------- $25.00

For profit --------	65.00

All holidays and Saturdays 75.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

PLUMBING REPORT  	His Honor, Mayor Cragin, ordered the Report of the Plumbing Inspector filed.

ORDERED FILED

SEWER HOOK-UP	  Commissioner Bates moved that the applications of the Harlem Club for

HARLEM CLUB	  permission to hoop-up to the City Sewer be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

FIRE STATION  	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board go on record approving the tentative

financial arrangement of the new City Fire Station costing $98,000.00, the
City’s portion being $49.000.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent; Commissioner Corradetti.

COCA COLA BOTTLING   Commissioner Smith moved that the applications for a Merchandise License
WORKS - LICENSE DENIED of the Coca Cola Bottling Co. be denied on grounds that no proper affidavit

has been filed with the City Clerk as required by Ordinance and further
that the City is unable to grant a Beverage or Importer’s License because
no application is on file and the Deputy License Collector, Mr. Sargent,
is to notify the Coca Cola Bottling Works to cease operations as proper
affidavit and applications are filed with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

RIGHT-OF-WAY	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be authorized to draw

ACQUISITION CHARLESTON   warrants payable to the following persons for the acquisition of right-
BLVD. CLAIMS ALLOWED     of-way along Charleston Blvd.

Matilda R. Russell ------------ $1,042.75

Joe Pascal -----------	75.00

H. D. Gerkin and

Dorothy Mae Gerkin -------	700.00

Further, that the deed and checks be delivered to the payees upon the signing
of the deeds which are attached to the warrants and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign said warrants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

SUBSCRIPTION -	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to subscribe

AMERICAN CITY	 	to the American City Magazine for the office of City Manager at a fee of

MAGAZINE	$2.00 for the ensuing year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.	 

 

MASTER PLAN OF STREETS   Commissioner Clark moved that the master plan of Streets and highways and
AND HIGHWAYS AND LAND   landuse for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada herewith submitted by the Las
USE SUBMITTED	Vegas Clark County Joint Planning Commission be filed and the City Clerk

directed to notify the public by insertion of a notice in the local paper
that this plan will be considered for final action at the next regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners which is held on the 7th day of
February, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none; absent,
Commissioner Corradetti.

ORDINANCE NUMBER 290   An Ordinance entitled,” An Ordinance to amend Section 11 of Ordinance

Number 250 of the City of Las Vegas entitled, ’An Ordinance regulating the
sale of milk, cream and other dairy products in the City of Las' Vegas:

Defining standard for milk and cream:	Providing for the issuance of

permits for the sale of milk and cream and the revocation of such permits:
Providing for the creation of a milk ordinance committee:	Providing for the

appointment of a dairy and milk inspector:	Authorizing the City Commissioners

to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance:
Providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance; Repealing
Ordinance Number 200 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, ’An
Ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream, and other dairy
products in the City of Las Vegas:	Defining standard for milk

and cream:	Providing for the issuance of permits for the sale of

milk and cream, and the revocation of such permits:	Authorizing

the City Commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations for the
enforcement of this ordinance:	Providing a penalty for the

violation thereof:	And repealing all Ordinances and parts of

Ordinances in conflict therewith’:	And repealing all Ordinances

and parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance." was
read to the Board for a second time. Thereafter, Commissioner Clark
moved the adoption of said Ordinance Number 290 on its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates. On the question, Commissioner
Smith stated that he questioned the validity of taking a vote on the
Ordinance as it did not comply with Section 30 of the Charter. There-
after, Commissioners Bates, Clark, and His Honor voted aye; Commissioner
Smith voted no; absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

ORDINANCE NUMBER 290 	Commissioner Clark withdrew his former motion for the adoption of

MOTIONS WITHDRAWN	Ordinance Number 290 with the consent of Commissioner Bates who seconded

it.

ORDINANCE NUMBER 290   The foregoing Ordinance Number 290 was referred to a committee composed

REFERRED TO COMMITTEE of Commissioners Bates and Clark to report on at the next regular meeting.

BUDGET - 1944	   Commissioner Clark moved that the proposed budget of the City of Las

Vegas for 1944 be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE    An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance providing for issuance of plumbing

NUMBER 291 - PLUMBING   and sewer connections for the regulation and construction of plumbing work

in the City of Las Vegas, and providing the examination of persons
engaged in doing plumbing work and creating an examining board for
admission of plumbers, and repealing any and all Ordinances in conflict
therewith, including Ordinance Number 36 as amended by Ordinances
Number 38, 41, 83, 87, 129, 147, and 182, and Ordinance Number 159 as
amended by Ordinance Number 175.” was referred to a committee composed
of Commissioners Bates and Smith to report at the next regular meeting.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until February 7th
at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
  absent, Commissioner Corradetti.	 

Las Vegas, Nevada	 

February 7, 1944

The regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th day
 	of February,	1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin,

 	at the hour of 2:45 P. M., with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Smith, City Manager, Charles C. McCall, City
Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

MINUTES CORRECTED     Commissioner	Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be

corrected to	read as follows: "Coca Cola license be denied until such	|

time as applications are on file." and further, that the minutes be
approved as corrected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

WARRANTS	Commissioner Smith moved that when the warrants for the month of January

had been approved by Mr. McCall, that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
to sign them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.
PAYROLL CLAIMS	  Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims #10 to #17 inclusive, in

the sum of $13,881.72, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

MASTER PLAN	  This being the time heretofore set for a hearing in the matter of adopting

CITY OF LAS VEGAS     a Master Plan of Streets and Highways and Land Use for the City of Las Vegas,
APPROVED	and the public having been given proper legal notice of said hearing ,

Commissioner Clark moved that the Master Plan heretofore submitted by the
Planning Commission be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ZONING CASE #3	  Upon recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission, Commissioner Clark

HUNTRIDGE DEVELOP-  	moved that the Huntridge Development Company be granted permission to use

MENT COMPANY	lots 24 and 25 of the Untridge Tract as retail commercial district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

LIBRARY FORCE  	Commissioner Bates moved that the duties of the Recreation Board be extended

to include the Library Board composed of the following members:

Lloyd Tritle, Chairman

Gwendolyn Woolley

Reverend E. A. Wessel

Ranger Arnold Hanson

Commissioner Walter Bates-ex-officio

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

GAMING AND LIQUOR     Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming and liquor 
APPLICATIONS	applications be granted.

Otto Underhill	Coca Cola Bottling Works	424 N. Main	Wholesale Beverage

Importer's Beverage-Liquor

Ida M. Bistline	Safeway Stores,	Inc.	122 S. Second	Importer's Beverage-Liquor

Retail Beverage

M. C. Edwards	Nevada Biltmore	Lounge	123½ Fremont	1 slot machine

M. C. Edwards	Cinnabar Lounge	105 S. First	1 slot machine

M. C. Edwards	The Turf Club	15 Fremont	1 slot machine

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

BUILDING AND	 	The reports of the Building Inspector and the Plumbing Inspector for the

PLUMBING REPORTS	 	month of January were received and ordered filed.

CLAIM -	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the opinion of the City Attorney be approved

WILLIAM GRAVES  	and that a request for his salary during a period of suspension by

William Graves be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

HARLEM CLUB	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be instructed to draw up

a resolution requesting the Board of County Commissioners to revoke the
license of the Harlem Club.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

POLICE CARS PURCHASED   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the bid of E. G. Price Motor Co. of

San Bernardino, California, covering the purchase of two 1942 Hudson
touring cars for the Police Department be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

GASOLINE BID AWARDED   Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Independent Oil and Gas

Company for gas for the City of Las Vegas for the coming year be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

GAS CERTIFICATES      Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk and City Manager be authorized

to sign O. P. A. gas checks for gasoline. Further that the previous motion
authorizing the City Clerk and Commissioner Bates to sign gas checks be
revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.




TIRE BID AWARDED   Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Clark County Wholesale Company

for automobile tires be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

AUDITOR HIRED   Commissioner Smith moved that George H. Wood be notified that he has been

employed to audit the books for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1944,
on the basis set forth in his letter of January 28, 1944, addressed to
the City Manager, Charles C. McCall, audit to be made at Mr. Wood's
convenience.	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

KENO	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager be instructed to write

a letter of appreciation to station KENO for the time donated to City
Programs.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;	 

noes none.

ORDINANCE NUMBER 290  The committee on proposed Ordinance Number 290 having reported favorably,

the City Clerk presented "An Ordinance to amend Section 11 of Ordinance
No. 250 of the City of LaS Vegas entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the
sale of milk, cream and other dairy products in the City of Las Vegas:

Defining standard for milk and cream:	Providing for the issuance of permits

for the sale of milk and cream and the revocation of such permits:

Providing for the creation of a milk ordinance committee:	Providing for the

appointment of a dairy and milk inspector:	Authorizing the City Commissioners

to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of this Ordinance:
Providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance:	Repealing Ordinance

Number 200 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the
sale of milk, cream, and other dairy products in the City of Las Vegas:
Defining standard for milk and cream:	providing for the issuance of permits

for the sale of milk and cream, and the revocation of such permits:

Authorizing the City Commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations
for the enforcement of this Ordinance:	Providing a penalty for the violation

thereof:	And repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict

therewith:' and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
with this Ordinance." to the Board for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the aforementioned
Ordinance on its first reading and the City Clerk was directed to have
this Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal for a
period of two weeks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting be adjourned until
Thursday, February 10, at the hour of 9:00 A. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

---0O0-----

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 10, 1944

  At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held
this tenth day of February, 1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor,
Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 9:55 A. M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Smith, City

Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., City Manager, Charles C. McCall and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

PROPHYLACTIC STATION   Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Army Air Force Flexible
WESTSIDE	  Gunnery School for permission to erect a Prophylactic Station adjacent

to the Westside U. S. O. Building be granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

WARRANTS	 	Commissioner Smith moved that Warrants 27-1 and 26-1 be approved and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Smith moved the meeting adjourn until February at 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 21, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
21st day of February, 1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor,

Mayor pro tem A. Smith, St. with the following members present:

  Commissioners Bates, Clark and Corradetti, City Manager, Charles C.

McCall and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Mayor Cragin and
City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting
be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

POLICE CARS	 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Claim of The E. g. Price Motor

CLAIM PAID	Co. of San Bernardino, California for $2,988.89 covering the purchase

of two Hudson automobiles be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

CITY EQUIPMENT	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the purchasing agent be authorized to

DECALS ORDERED	 	order two hundred (200) Decals to be placed on all city owned equipment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem
Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

PAYROLL CLAIMS     Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims #28 to 35 inclusive, in the

sum of $13, 436.83, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye;
noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

CLAIMS	  Commissioner Clark moved that claim #36, one to six, inclusive, in the sum

  of $4,105.67, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

RESOLUTION	 	The following resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration:

HARLEM CLUB	 

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the Harlem Club is located immediately adjacent to the
City Limits of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, said Harlem Club has now been designated as out-of-bounds
by the United States Army as a result of said investigations conducted by
that body and,

WHEREAS, the City Police Department and the various administrative
heads, through investigation, have determined that a great amount of our  
policing difficulties on the West Side of Las Vegas have arisen by reason
of the operation of said Club and

WHEREAS, we are unable to effectually control the same because
the Club is outside of the City limits.

NOW, THEREFORE, Be It Resolved that we the City Commission of
the City of the City of Las Vegas acting by virtue of the aforesaid
premises do hereby request that the Board of County Commissioners acting
by and through the Director Control Board do revoke the liquor and gambling
licenses under which the Harlem Club is now operating in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada.

/s/ A. F. Smith, Sr.__________________________

Mayor pro tem	

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed_______

City Clerk

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same and a copy be for-
warded to the Board of County Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem 

Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

H. L. HENDRICKSON	Commissioner Corradetti moved that Project Payment Number 1 in the sum of

AND COMPANY -	    $3,000 be made to H. L. Hendrickson and Company for the Water Control Project.

PROJECT PAYMENT

NUMBER ONE	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

SEWER DISPOSAL	    Commissioner Bates moved that the Purchasing Agent be instructed to purchase

PLANT	a portable sterling pump from the Sterling people for the sum of $275.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
    voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

USO BUILDING CLAIMS	Commissioner Clark moved that claim from the Standard Wholesale Supply

Company in the sum of $115.26 and the claim of the Hanson Trucking Company,
in the sum of $65, making a total of $180.26	and representing materials	 

and labor for the U. S. o. be paid, and that	the City Clerk notify the

U. S. O. that no further claims will be paid	by the City of Las Vegas	 

unless by special action of the Board of City Commissioners, and authorized
by the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

AMERICAN RED CROSS J Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized

to sign the proposed lease with the American Red Cross and the City of
Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE J A proposed Ordinance entitled ”An ordinance of the City of Las Vegas

licensing, for purposes of regulation and revenue every kind of lawful
business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within the
corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada:	Fixing the

rates of license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of
said license tax, and a punishment for carrying on or conducting any
such business without a license, and repealing ordinances numbered 1, 2, 4,

13, 14, 35, 48, 62, 74, 75, 81, 95, 102, 105, 108, 112, 117, 145, 184,

192, 243, and 244, and any Ordinance in conflict herewith."

Mayor pro tem Smith stated that in compliance with Section 30 of the
City Charter, as amended, the following committee is appointed to
review the foregoing proposed Ordinance and bring recommendations
before the Board at their convenience.

Mayor E. W. Cragin, Commissioner Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and Smith, City Clerk, Deputy License
Collector and the City Manager, Charles C. McCall.

ZONING	Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the Joint Planning

Commission relative to moving houses into restricted residential dis-
tricts be referred to the City Attorney with the request that he submit
a ruling at the next regular meeting of the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

ORDINANCE 290	  An Ordinance entitled, ”An Ordinance to amend Section 11 of Ordinance

ADOPTED	No. 250 of the City of Las Vegas entitled, ”An Ordinance regulating the

sale of milk, cream and other dairy products in the City of Las Vegas:

Defining standard for milk and cream: Providing for the issuance of
permits for the sale of milk and cream and the revokation of such permits:
Providing for the creation of a milk ordinance committee:

Providing for the appointment of a dairy and milk inspector:

Authorizing the City Commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations
for the enforcement of this Ordinance:	Providing a penalty for

the violation of this Ordinance:	Repealing Ordinance Number 200

of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the
sale of milk, cream, and other dairy products in the City of Las
Vegas:	efining standard for milk and cream: Providing for the

issuance of permits for the sale of milk and cream, and the re-
vocation of such permits: Authorizing the City Commissioners to
promulgate rules and refulations for the violation thereof: And 

repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith:’
and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
with this Ordinance.” was read to the Board for a second time.
Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that Ordinance 290 be adopted
on its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

HONOR ROLL TABLET	 	Commissioner	Clark moved that the City	Manager	be authorized to

grant permission to American Legion Post #8 for the erection of an
Honor Roll upon the property now occupied by the War Memorial Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

   pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

FLAG POLE	 	Commissioner	Clark moved that the City	Manager	be authorized to

erect a flag	pole on City property, at	or near	the War Memorial

Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until March 7,

1944 at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Smith Voting aye; noes none; absent, Mayor Cragin.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MARCH 2, 1944

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

 	LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to be
held in the Commissioner's Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Thursday, the 2nd day
of March, 1944 at the hour of 10:00 A.M., to act upon the following business:

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN and to Pat Clark, Walter Bates, Al Corradetti, A. F. Smith, Sr., and Chas.

C. McCall, Commissioners, Mayor and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. 

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor
Cragin a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will
be held in the Commissioner's Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Thursday, March 2,
1944 at the hour of 10:00 A.M. , to consider the following business:

1.	Ellis Estates

Helen Scott Reed_____

City clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada
March 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 7th day of
March, 1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin
with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith, City Manager, Charles C. McCall, City Attorney,

  Louis Wiener, Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Meeting convened
   at the hour of 2:30 P.M.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of February 21, 1944 be amended
as follows:	after the motion on the USO Claims, amend to read, "to be

paid out of the City Manager’s Contingency Fund." Also the motion on
the flag pole and honor roll be amended to read, "to be paid out of the
City Manager's Contingency Fund," thereafter approved as amended by
reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of special meeting of March 2nd
be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	  Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 37 to 46,inclusive, in

the sum of $13,952.40, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith end His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

WARRANTS	  Commissioner Smith moved that Warrants Nos. 47 to 50 inclusive, in the

sum of $10,112.60, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting eye;
noes none.

RED CROSS LEASE	  Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized

  to sign the revised lease for a Building Site on City owned property
between the American Red Cross and the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

FIRS FIGHTING	  Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the following motion made

FACILITIES	  at an informal meeting of the Board on the 22nd of February. "Commissioner

NEVADA 26-130	Bates moved that the Board of City Commissioners request that our

application:	Project Nevada 26-130 for fire fighting facilities, Las

Vegas, Nevada, scope be reduced to eliminate the hose tower end that a
grant be requested of the FWA for $40,000 and that the city agrees to pay

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada hereby
admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

E. W. Cragin	A. F. Smith, Sr._____________

Pat Clark_________________________ Chas. C. McCall_________________________________________________________

Walter B. Bates	Walter B. Bates

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 10:10 A.M., with the
following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Smith. City Manager,

Chas. C. McCall, City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

ELLIS ESTATES  	Commissioner Clark moved that the city accept the plat of Ellis

PLAT ACCEPTED  	Estates and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to

sign same; further, that said plat together with the "Declaration
of Establishment of Protective Restrictions, conditions, covenants
and Reservations affecting the Real Property known as ’Ellis Estates’
situated in the County of Clark, State of Nevada" be recorded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until March 7, 1944 at the hour of 2:00 P.M.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Bates,
Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.
 

all costs of the project in excess of $40,000. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bates, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Clark and Mayor Cragin.”

The foregoing motion was seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

PROPHYLAXIS LEASE	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to

R601.53	sign the cancellation of lease W868-ENG-2386, which covers the space

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA         used at the Las Vegas Police Station for a Prophylactic Station by the

United States Government.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Building Inspector and Plumbing
Inspector for the month of February filed.

A letter from Fred Wilson, 509 South Seventh Street, relating to local
history was read and referred to the Chamber of Commerce.

GAMING AND LIQUOR         Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming and liquor licenses
APPLICATIONS GRANTED      be granted.

Dollar Market	Herman Silverman	419 North	Retail Beverage

Silver Club	Joe Morgan	108 S. First	1 crap game

Las Vegas. Club	J. A. Houssel	23 Fremont	1 poker table

Pioneer Club	Charles Adams	 25 Fremont 	1 poker table

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

VACATIONS AND	Commissioner Smith moved that the outline for vacations and sick leave

SICK LEAVE	 	for the City Employees as submitted by Mr. McCall be approved and

 	incorporated into the minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

LEAVE REGULATIONS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
Annual Leave

1.	Each employee of the City of Las Vegas, shell be allowed in each 

employment year an annuel vacation of fifteen working days with full pay.

2.	In the FIRST EMPLOYMENT YEAR, no employee shall be entitled to annual leave
until his or her period of employment equals or exceeds six consecutive months.
Annual leave granted, when the total period of employment is less than ten
months, shall be in proportion to the actual period of employment, namely,

1¼ days’ leave per month, or 7½ days’ leave for 6 months’ service, 9 days for
7 months, 10 days for 8 months, 11 days for 9 months. Full allowance of 15
days will be granted on the basis of ten months’ service.

3. In the SECOND EMPLOYMENT YEAR, and thereafter, 1¼ days’ leave per month
will be allowed. Full leave allowance will be on the basis of ten months’  

service during such year.

4.	All leaves must be taken within the employment year in which they become

due unless an emergency exists and the head of the department or City Manager
considers it imperative that the vacation be dleayed. However, the period
beyond the current employment year within which the delayed leave may betaken
should not exceed six months. If an emergency does exist, a written
explanation must be sent to the City Manager so that record may be made and
approval granted.	

5.	There is no previsions which will permit leaves to accumulate from year to

year. This means that an annual leave in excessof 15 days will not be allowed, 
at any one time. Applications for annual leave must be filed in triplicate on
Form 35 and must be approved in advance of taking such leave; such approval is
discretionary with the City Manager.	

Sick Leave

6.	Sick leave with pay will be granted only to those employees who have been

in the employ of the City for a period of six consecutive months. Total sick
leave with pay shall not exceed 10 working days within each employment year.
This is computed on the basis of one day per month. Full allowance will
on the basis of ten months. Sick leave is not accumulative from year to year.
Approval of sick leave is discretionary with the City Manager. Applications
must be filed on Form 35 immediately after the return to work following the
illness.	

7.	When_LEAVE WITHOUT PAY is granted, such leave shall include all days from
the closing hour of the last day worked until the morning of the day on which
the employee returns to work. Application for leave without pay must be filed

in advance of taking such leave.

8. No leave with pay may be granted to an employee who resigns. An employee
who resigns or is discharged must begin a new employment year upon return to

work, and regulations for first employment year shall apply. (See paragraph

2 and 6 above.)
9.	An employee who is absent for over three months must begin a new
employment year upon return to work and regulations for First employment
year shall apply. (See paragraphs 2 and 6 above.)

10.	An employee who is absent seven days or more due to injury while in line
of duty shall make application to the industrial commission for industrial
compensation. In addition to the amount received as industrial compensation
the injured party shall receive from the City of Las Vegas the difference
between the amount received from the Industrial Commission as compensation
and his regular monthly salary, provided, however, that the City will only
supplement the amount received from the Industrial Commission for a period

of one month from the date of injury after which time the injured employee  
must look solely to the Industrial Commission for any compensation received 
for his injury or injuries.

STATE OF NEVADA
CITY OF LAS VEGAS

TO:	The City Manager

Las Vegas, Nevada	________________________19

(date)	 

I hereby make application for___________________leave for the period

(Annual--Sick—Without Pay)

_______________, 19___, to _________________, 19__, inclusive, a total of____

(working)

(straight) days; these days to be applied on my leave for the employment

year ___________________________.

(show dates)

Explanation of leave_____________________________________ 

(I will return to duty at ________o'clock

on ___________________, 19_____)	(SIGNED) _____________________

(Signature of Employee)

(For the Office of the City Clerk)

Applicant’s Previous Annual Leave . . ______Days	Recommended________________ 

(Dept. Head)  

Applicant’s Previous Sick Leave . . . ______Days	 

Approved___________, 19___

Applicant’s Previous W.O.P. Leave . . ______Days

(City Manager)

Correct:	_________________

(Record Clerk)

DRY SLUDGE CONTRACT	 	Commissioner	Bates	moved that the City enter into a contract with

 	R. B. Griffith for	the sale of 50 tons of sludge from the disposal	plant

at $2.00 per ton, fob plant, sludge to be removed within a period of 90
days from date of contract. Further, that the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign said contract covering same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT	 	Commissioner	Clark	moved that the City Manager be authorized to hire	a

COURT CLERK HIRED	court clerk,	part-time, at $100.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;  
noes none.

 

WET GARBAGE BID	Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of W. T. Stewart for the purchase

W, T. STEWART	of wet garbage from the City of Las Vegas for $125.00 per month be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;  
noes none.

ALLEY IMPROVEMENTS     Commissioner Clark moved to approve a plan as set up by the City Manager

for improvement of the alleys with the understanding that it will be at
no expense to the City; said improvements to be made at the request and
expense of the abutting property owners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

USO BATH HOUSE	   Commissioner Bates moved that the claim of the Central Labor Council of

$135.00 for expenses on USO Bath house in Westside be approved when the
bill is presented and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.
TRANSFER FUNDS   Commissioner Smith moved that the City Auditor be authorized to transfer

$32.82 from the Cemetery Fund to the Street Department,as shown on
Journal Voucher No. 406.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until the 22nd of
Match, 1944 at 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
hoes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 22, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd
day of March, 1944. Meeting called to order at the hour of 2:00 P. M.
by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, City Manager, Charles C.

J McCall, City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

V Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be
corrected to read:	"Payroll warrants instead of payroll claims and

correct Item 1, to read, "Service and material warrants," and that said
minutes be approved as corrected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS   Commissioner Smith moved that payroll warrants Nos. 51 to 58 inclusive,

in the sum of $13,655.62 be approved.  

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

SERVICE AND	  Commissioner Smith moved the approval of Service and Material Warrant No. 59

MATERIAL WARRANTS      in the sum of $1,833.94.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PETITION	  Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of Murray Wollman for permission

MURRAY WOLLMAN	to abandon a certain portion of a city street be referred to the planning

commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

CHARLESTON BLVD.     Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept the right-of-way deeds along
RIGHT-OF-WAY 	Charleston Boulevard from Florence Lee Jones, Lee Pahor, Harriet Pahor and

Gabriel Pahor and that said deeds be recorded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PROPHYLAXIS	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to

STATION LEASE	     execute the "Release of Lease" for the space heretofore occupied by the

Prophylaxis Station operated by the United States Government at the City
Police Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

CLAIM	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the claim of Herman Banks, Deputy Poundmaster,

HERMAN BANKS	 	in the sum of $32.35, covering the cost of labor of the replacement of a

motor in his personal-car which was used for City services be allowed.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

FWA	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor be authorized to sign a letter to

the FWA stating that ail further correspondence will be carried on between
Mr. McCall, City Manager, and the FWA.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

POLICE STATION	Commissioner Bates moved that the following resolution be adopted.	 

RESOLUTION

Whereas, it becomes necessary to submit plans to the Federal Works
Administration for the proposed new city jail, and

Whereas, the City is without funds at this time to proceed with this plan,

The City Manager is hereby authorized to contact architects and ascertain  

if preliminary plans and specifications can be secured at this time at
one and one-half (1½) per cent and that if such arrangements can be made, 
he is further authorized to enter into negotiations with said architects
for said plan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PETITION CITY IRON      Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the petition of the City
WORKS	Iron Works for additional building area with the provision that the building

addition permitted is to be used as shelter space for storing materials and
in no case at any time will any enlargement of the present structure be
permitted to be used for additional shop space or expansion of present
manufacturing fabrications or treatment of products or articles incidental
to such kind of industrial use.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

TAX RATE	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board authorize the City Manager to make

CITY OF LAS VEGAS        application to the state tax commission for a $1.50 tax rate for the year

1944 for the City of Las Vegas.	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;  

noes none.

ELGIN SWEEPER	   Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to purchase

STREET DEPARTMENT	an Elgin Model 20 Sweeper at seven thousand ($7,000) Dollars plus freight.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner
Clark moved that this meeting recess until March 31 at 10:00 A. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
March 31, 1944

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 31st day of March, 1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 11:40 A. M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, City Manager,

Charles C. McCall and City Clerk, Helen Scott Heed.

The Board of City Commissioners instructed the City Clerk to issue a
license to John Katsaros at Sam's Cafe for a Retail Restaurant Beverage
license when the additional $130 has been submitted.

GAMING AND LIQUOR	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of George and Addie M.

APPLICATIONS DENIED      Guice for a slot machine license and retail beverage license at 501 Jackson

and the application of Nate Mack for a Retail Beverage license at the
Jack Pot, 116 Fremont Avenue be denied.because they are in violation of a
motion prohibiting issuance of licenses to new gaming and liquor 

establishments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming applications be granted
provided the operator place the slot machines inside their places of
business.

Gayer Amusement Co.

Stoney’s Signal Service Station	SE	Cor	4th	and	Fremont	1	slot	machine

Leonard’s Hamburger & Malt Shop	NW	Cor	4th	and	Fremont	2	slot	machines

Blue Cab Associated Serv. Station	NW	Cor	3rd	and	Fremont	1	slot	machine

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.  

GAMING APPLICATIONS  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following renewals of gaming

RENEWED	applications be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Gayer Amusement Co.	Shady Rest Cafe	F & Jackson	3	slot	machines

"	"	"	Edmond’s Ass. Station	Fifth and Carson	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Black Cat Cafe	418 W Madison	2	slot	machines

"	"	"	Belverdere Gardens Grocery	H & Harrison	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Tivoli Bar	126 N. First	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Richfield Service Station	NE Main & Fifth	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Silver State Service Station	SE Main & Fifth	2	slot	machines

"	"	"	Westside Cafe	D & Madison	3	slot	machines

"	"	"	Professional Pharmacy	423 Fremont	4	slot	machines

"	"	Hughes Grocery	509 W Jackson	1 slot machine

"	"	"	Adam’s Grocery	816 Fremont	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Low Price Market	SE Main & Stewart	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Biltmore Hotel	North Main	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Westside Barber Shop	D & Madison	1	slot	machine

Dave Stearns	Turf Club & Bar	15 Fremont	12	slot	machines

1 Race Horse Book

A. L. Arnold	Dollar Market	420 Main	1	slot	machine

Orpha Sill Miller	Wimpy's	210 Fremont	3	slot	machines

" "	"	Sill’s Drive In	5th & Charleston 4	slot	machines

M. B. Abrams	Slot Machine Arcade	101 Fremont	35 slot machines

Nate Mack	Esquire Bar	120 S. Second	4	slot	machines

John A. Katsaros	Trail Cafe	13 Fremont	1	slot	machine

" " "	Sam’s Cafe	320 Fremont	5	slot	machines

M. B, Abrams	Fremont Arcade	105 Fremont	35	slot	machines

1	Crap
1 "21"

Josie Dondich	Cut Rate Liquor Store	132 S. Fifth	2	slot	machines

John Anton	Desert Inn	1503 S. Fifth	1	slot	machine

A. A. Rose	MacDonald Hotel	208 N. Fifth	2	slot	machines

John Stathis	Busy Bee Cafe	105 N. Fifth	2	slot	machines

Louis DuBois	Las Vegas Barbecue	22 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Gill Helm	Mom's Lunch	1401 Fremont	2	slot	machines

Charles Addison	Pioneer Club	25 Fremont	45	slot	machines

2	Pan

6	Poker

1	Race Horse Keno

7	"21"

2	Roulette
2 Craps

1	Faro Bank

C. C. Griggs	Log Cabin Bar	122	N. First	3	slot	machines

Joe Morgan	Silver Cafe	106	N. First	4	slot	machines

"	Golden Camel Bar	110	N. First	4	slot	machines

Geo. & Addie Guice	Westside Grocery	501	Jackson	2	slot	machines

Joe Morgan	Silver Club	108	N. First	2	slot	machines

2	"21"

2 Crap

1	Roulette

S. J. Gordon	Mike's Liquor Store	106	Fremont	4	slot	machines

M. S. Jacobs	Boulder Liquor Store	423	Fremont	3	slot	machines

J. K. Houssels	Las Vegas Club	21-23 Fremont	29 slot machines

2	Poker
1 Pan

4 "21"

	1 Crap

1 Roulette
1 Race Horse Keno
J. K. Housels	Las Vegas Club	21-23 Fremont	1	Faro

1 Race Horse Book
1 Tango w/150 chairs

Harry Farnow	Boulder Drug	121	Fremont	10	slot	machines

Olga Silvagni	Apache Bar	2nd	& Fremont	12	slot	machines

"	"	Apache Cafe	"	"	3	slot	machines

" "	Kiva Bar	"	"	8	slot	machines

R. G. Garner	Recreation Tavern	123	S. Second	4	slot	machines

Anna Mae Weller	Lido Bar	107	N. First	6	slot	machines

Pat Rozzelle	Cardinal Sandwich Shop	508	Fremont	6	slot	machines

"	"	Orange Julius Co.	405	Fremont	5	slot	machines

Robert Testolin	Cinnabar	105	S. First	3	slot	machines	

Bert O'Donnell	Rancho Grande Creamery	406	S. Second	1	slot	machine	

Nate Mack	Jack Pot	116	Fremont	8	slot	machines	

1 Crap
1 "21"

1 Roulette

Jake Ensley	Do Drop Inn Cafe	1335	D & Jackson	4	slot	machines

C. L. Hennon	Union Cafe	119	N. First	1	slot	machine

Mark Schulman	Marks Food Co.	1500 Fremont	6	slot	machines

Paralee Adams	Pearls Cafe	224 N. First	4	slot	machines

Mrs. S. Saunders	Victory Sandwich Shop #1	116	S. First	1	slot	machine	

#2	124½ N. First	2	slot	machines 

George J. Miller	Charleston Grocery	Charleston Blvd.	1	slot	machine

J. K.	Houssels	Sal Sagev Tavern	#1 Fremont	8	slot	machines

"	"	"	Overland Bar	#6 Fremont	4	slot	machines

Charles Williams	Verna's Grill	121½ S. Fifth	1	slot	machine

Abe Kroloff	Eight Ball Bar	117	N. First	11	slot	machines

Sun Wing Won	New Overland Cafe	6 Fremont	3	slot	machines

P. L.	Jefferson	Brown Derby Cafe	320 Monroe	6	slot	machines

J. W.	Schaum	Frontier Club	117 Fremont	37	slot	machines

5 "21"

1	Pan

4 Poker

2	Crap

2 Roulette
1 Race Horse Keno
1 Hopper Keno w/l02 ch
1 Race Horse Book

L. L.	Snyder	Snyder's Grocery	300 Bonanza	1	slot	machine

Al Salton	Al's Bar	111 S. First	16	slot	machines

L. M.	Wilson	Overland Hotel	#2 Fremont	2	slot	machines

Walter Argyle	Foreign Club	111 N. First	2	slot	machines

J. T. Pruitt	Cinnabar	105 S. First	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Lido Bar	107 N. First	1 slot machine

"	"	"	Turf Club	15 Fremont	1 slot machine	

Jack Weisberger	Desert Inn	1503 S. Fifth	2	slot	machines

J. W. McMichael	The Market Spot	117 Carson	4	slot	machines 

Thos. Fraser	Betty's Cafe	1039 S. Main	3	slot	machines

J. R. Sailor	Las Vegas Tavern	19 Fremont	7	slot	machines

Oppedyk Dairy	L. Van Der meer	1000 N. Main	1	slot	machine

Moe Taub	Cotton Club	500 Jackson	7	slot	machines

1	Race Horse Keno

John Hughes	Nevada Biltmore Hotel	600 N. Main	9	slot	machines

2	"21"

1 Crap

1	Roulette

Martin Goldring	Spic N Span	129 Fremont	1	slot	machine

J. B. Gaut	Tivoli Bar	126 N. First	3	slot	machines

Jack Weisberger	Boulder Liquor Store	423 Fremont	1	slot	machine

C. C. Underhill	Recreation Center	125 S. Second	10	slot	machines

"	"	"	Las Vegas Pool Hall	125 Fremont	9	slot	machines

Albert Goot	Food Center	770 Fremont	7	slot	machines

Jack Furnace	Westside Tavern	206 Wilson	3	slot	machines

J. C. Grayson	El Cortez Hotel Co.	600 Fremont	20	slot	machines

2	"21"

1 Crap

1	Roulette

H. F. Read	Read City Drug	231 Fremont	11	slot	machines

E. D. Ciliax	Town Barbecue	506 Fremont	3	slot	machines	

John Miller	Sal Sagev Hotel	Main & Fremont	3	slot	machines	

"	"	"	" Restaurant	"	"	2 slot machines 

Frank Lancaster	Square Deal Club	1322 E Street	3	slot	machines	

2	Poker
1 Crap

Frank Lancaster	B & H Grocery	402 Bonanza	1	slot	machine

Edward Tip Rowe	Tip's Cafe	1516 S. Fifth	2	slot	machines

George Markich	Las Vegas Liquor Store	812 Fremont	1	slot	machine

Jimmie Fulcher	Gilbert Bros. Grocery	316 Bonanza	4	slot	machines	

Overland Cafe	#8 Fremont	1	slot	machine

"	"	Cornet's 5 and 10	218 Fremont	3	slot	machines

Ina M. Ensley	Oklahoma Cafe	220 N. First	3	slot	machines

Commissioner Smith moved that the applications of Moe Taub for additional
games at the Cotton Club, 500 Jackson Avenue be granted as follows:
one - Twenty-one, one-poker, and one - Crap.

Motion seconded by Commissi oner Clark and carried by the following votes
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Ted Konduris for a sealed
package liquor license (mina.) at the Southwestern Liquor Store, 101 Carson
Avenue be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.
ESQUIRE BAR	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of N. Mack for a

LIQUOR APPLICATION     retail tavern liquor license at 120 South Second he granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PAYROLL CLAIM	  Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claim #61-2 in favor of George A.

#61-2	    Leavitt be approved as Mr. Leavitt is leaving for the hospital.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until April 7, 1944,	

at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th
     day of April, 1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W.
Cragin at the hour of 3:45 P. M. with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith, City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.,
City Manager, Charles C. McCall and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the meetings of March 22 and
March 31, 1944 be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none; absent Commissioner Clark.

PAYROLL WARRANTS       Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 60 to 71 inclusive,

in the sum of $15,503.94, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes
none; absent Commissioner Clark.

MATERIAL CLAIMS	    Commissioner Smith moved that Material and Service Claims Nos. 72 to 75

inclusive, in the sum of $7,166.06, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote 
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent Commissioner Clark.

  

GAMING APPLICATIONS     Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Nate Mack for two
GRANTED	    slot machines at the YoYo, 916 Fremont, be granted. Also the application

of Woo Sing for two slot machines at the Bus Terminal Cafe, 127 S. First,
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent Commissioner Clark.

RETAIL BEVERAGE	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Sam Lafer for

LICENSES GRANTED        Retail Beverage License at 402 W. Bonanza Road be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none; absent Commissioner Clark.

PLANNING COMMISSION    At this time Mayor Cragin reappointed Mr. A. C. Grant as a member of the
APPOINTMENT GRANTED	Planning Commission for a six year term to commence April, 1944. There-

after, Commissioner Smith moved that the appointment be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent Commissioner Clark.
COMMISSIONERS-AT-LARGE At this time Mayor Cragin declared all special commissioner appointments

heretofore made as heads of different City Departments he vacated and that
henceforth said Board of City Commissioners shall be Commissioners-at-large.

GAMING RENEWALS	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following renewals of gaming

GRANTED	applications he granted.

J. K. Houssells	Las Vegas Club	23 Fremont	1 Poker

Harold R. Hunter	De Luxe Sandwich Shop	127 South Second	2 slot machines

Horace G. Tucker	" "	"	"	127 South Second 2 slot machines

R. J.	Kaltenborn	Jack Pot Club	116	Fremont	1	Poker

Bruce	Kilpatrick	Prescription Pharmacy	814	Fremont	2	slot	machines	 

R. Shurtleff	Sewell's	307	Fremont	3	slot	machines

R. D.	Bingham	Modern Food	315	Fremont	2	slot	machines

R. H.	Stevenson	Boulder Club,	Inc.	118	Fremont	37	slot	machines

1	Pan

2	Poker

1 Keno w/100 chairs
1 Race Horse Keno
1 Faro Bank
1	Hazard	 

1	Big Six	Wheel	

2	Craps	

2 Roulette

5 Twenty-one

Aurelia Scheer	White Cross Drug Co.	201 Fremont	2	slot	machines

"	"	Las Vegas Pharmacy	32 Fremont	2 slot machines

W. E. Greene	Mandalay Bar	111 Fremont	10	slot	machines

George G. Parry	Arcade Playland (Ajax	Co.)	129 S. First	40	slot	machines

Ethel Rapaport	Ethel’s Liquor Store	#1	28 Fremont	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	#2	411 Fremont	1 slot machine

John D. Corey	Nevada Bar 	115	N. First	5	slot	machines

R. Roschl	Silver State Newsstand	110	South Second	4	slot	machines

R. Roschl	Jimmie's Bar	807	South Main	3	slot	machines

R. Roschl	Thrifty Market	1st	& Charleston	2	slot	machines

R. Roschl	Rex Bar	128	S. First	2	slot	machines

R. Roschl	Dick’s Bar	118	N. First	2	slot	machines

R. Roschl	P & B Cafe	202	N. First	1	slot	machine

R. R. Russell	Apache Hotel	2nd	& Fremont	3	slot	machines

Bert Smith	Smith's Root Beer	311	Stewart	2	slot	machines

James J. Adras	White Spot Cafe	109	Fremont	8	slot	machines

"	"	"	Nevada Coffee Shop	113	North First	2	slot	machines

M. C. Kress	State Cafe	20 Fremont	4	slot	machines

Ted Konduris	So. West Liquor Store	124	S. First	1	slot	machine

Earl E. Wilson	Pony Express Stages	123	S. First	7	slot	machines

E.	P. Bihlmaier	Oasis Cafe	123	Fremont	4	slot	machines

Mrs. Blaine Johnson	Johnson's Grocery	630 S. Fifth	1	slot	machine

Frank C. Kernan	Love Cafe	1501 S. Fifth	1	slot	machine	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent Commissioner Clark.

WILSHIRE OIL CO.   Commissioner Bates moved that the Board authorize the City Attorney to

take action against the Wilshire Oil Co. for using the City Streets and
Highways for a service station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent Commissioner Clark.

BUILDING AND PLUMBING   Mayor Gragin authorized the Building Inspector’s and Plumbing Inspector's
INSPECTION REPORTS	Reports filed.

PLUMBING INSPECTOR J Commissioner Bates: moved that the hiring of Earl Davis as Plumbing
EMPLOYED	Inspector be confirmed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Clark.

POLICE DEPARTMENT     Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to dispose

of the Plymouth #1 car in the Police Department for as much as he can
get out of it.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none; absent Commissioner Clark.

STREET DEPT.	J	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to	H

CAR PURCHASE	purchase two Willys pick-up trucks for City use.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

   noes none; absent Commissioner Clark.

WOODLAWN CEMETERY	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to expend

APPLICATION FOR	twenty ($20.00) dollars for application for water rights at Woodlawn

Cemetery.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none; absent Commissioner Clark.
BUDGET 1944	Commissioner Smith moved that the Board of City Commissioners accept the

1944 Budget as submitted by the City Auditor. Further, that said budget
be executed by each member of the Board and attested by the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none; absent Commissioner Clark.

"Page 1

CITY BUDGETS

Budget of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1944
Information Required:

Assessed Valuation—

Actual	Estimated

1943	1944

Real Estate and Improvements ......... $8,700,855.00	$8,800,000.00

Personal Property (County tax roll . .

plus Assessor’s collections) ....	1,950,563.00	2,000,000.00

Net proceeds of mines........................- - -	- - -____

Total taxable property................$10,651,418.00	$10,800,000.00

Actual tax rate 1943	..................... 1.43

Total city taxes levied, 1943 ............. 152,311.42

A.	Unencumbered balance in City Treasury on 

January 1, 1944 	$	49,668.95

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied,	estimated ......... $	114,100.00

C.	Nontax revenues in 1944, estimated	. .................. $	434,648.75

D.	Expenditures 1944, estimated ........................... $	592,148.75

E.	Nontax revenues 1945, estimated ........................ $	373,731.05

F.	Expenditures 1945, estimated . ......................... $	542,000.00

Explanation:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total balance less warrants outstanding
on January 1. Exclude all special funds.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied
in the previous year and uncollected, and collections from taxes
now delinquent.

C.	See	Schedule	No.	1,	Col.	2.

D.	See	Schedule	No.	2,	Col.	2.

E.	See	Schedule	No.	1,	Col.	3.

F.	See	Schedule	No.	2,	Col.	3.

Page 2

SCHEDULE NUMBER 1
REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

General Fund:	Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1943	1944	1945

Licenses ................. $190,645,47	$245,000.00	$243,731.00

Fines ....................... 50,940.00	35,000.00	33,500.00

Permits ..................... 13,415.20	4,210.00	4,000.00

Poll taxes .................. 35,988.00	30,000.00	30,000.00

Sales and rentals ....	6,762.32	8,000.00	8,000.00

Garbage disposal ............ 18,846.85	26,000.00	28,000.00

Water operations .........

Electric operations . . .

Sewer operations .........

Interest on city funds . .

Percent corporate earnings

County road fund .........
Airports ...........	$	4,846.01	4,500.00	4,500.00

Tourist camps ...............

Bond sales ..................

Emergency loans ............. -	59,838.75

Special street improvements

Miscellaneous ................... 2,372.77	1,500.00	1,500.00

Donations for Civilian Defense 2,513.85	-	 

Planning Commission-Clark County 1,715.55

Fees and Charges ................ 9,486.98	10,600.00	10,500.00

Cemetery Department	.....	9,294.00	10,000.00	10,000.00

Total................|346,827.00	$434,648.75	$373,731.05	 

Page 3

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2
CITY EXPENDITURES

Actual	Estimated Estimated

1943	1944	1945

Administration salaries .... #18,996.92	$35,400.00	$35,000.00

Administration expenses ....	10,794.62	9,625.00	9,500.00

Police salaries ................. 92,514.29	89,360.00	87,000,00

Police department expenses	.	.	22,005.19	40,990.00	24,000.00

Fire department salaries .	.	.	58,296.64	66,040.00	66,000.00

Fire department expenses .	.	.	18,645.61	30,905.00	18,900.00

Street department salaries . . 49,988.23	50,000.00	50,000.00  

Street department expenses	.	.	33,816.58	45,200.00	37,000.00

City parks ....................... 7,364.67	10,425.00	12,000.00

Legal expenses ................... 3,561.54	3,225.00	3,500.00

City court ....................... 1,540.00	4,200.00	4,500.00

Electric lights and power .	.	.	13,833.13	21,145.00	20,000.00

Motor vehicles (has been included in Depts.)

Sewage disposal & Sewer maintenance

14,441.81	34,830.00	27,000.00

Health ana sanitation & Garbage	52,651.73	55,985.00	55,000.00

Col.

Civilian Defense ............... 4,004.41

Airports........................ 396.42	600.00	600.00 

City hall expense ............... 2,457.11	4,200.00	4,500.00	 

Insurance ...................... 10,317.06	12,700.00	12,800.00

Elections ....................... 2,576.87	-	3,000.00

Bond redemption ................ 12,500.00	12,500.00	10,000.00

Bond interest ................... 6,495.00	5,370.00	4,500.00

Planning Commission ............. 8,391.92	10,450.00	5,000.00

Inspection (Bldg., Plumbing & Elec) 8,330.63	6,300.00	7,000.00 

Engineering Department ......... 13,286.32	13,635.00	13,000.00

Recreational & Educational . . . 15,103.31	18,138.75	22,000.00

Miscellaneous Refunds ........... 6,706.22	2,000.00	2,000.00

Cemetery .........................7,036.22	8,925.00	8,200.00

Total................. . . . $495,962.45	$592,148.75	$542,000.00
Page 4

 SCHEDULE NO. 2A

BONDED INDEBTEDNESS OP CITY OF LAS VEGAS. NEVADA

-	................................................................................' AMOUNT	 ANNUAL REQUIREMENTS, 1944..TOTAL OUTSTANDING

_______NAME OF BOND________DATE OF ISSUE INT.RATE OF ISSUE Redemption Interest Total    DECEMBER 31, 1944

General Obligation Bonds

1923 Highway Bonds	July, 1924	6%	50,000.00	2,000.00	360.00	2,360.00	14,520.00

 930 Pavement & Curb,

Series (A)	(January, 1930	4 3/4%	7,000.00)

(January, 1930	6%	11,000.00)	1,000.00	270.00	1,270.00	5,750.00

1931 Sewerage	December, 1941	6%	154,000.00	8,000.00	4,520,00	12,520.00	93,600.00

11,000.00	4,950.00	15,950.00	113,870.00



Assessment Bonds
1937 Pavement and
Curb Improvement,

Assess. #37	January, 1937	7%	15,154.55	1,500.00	420.00	1,920.00	7,050.00

1,500.00	420.00	1,920.00	7,050.00

Page 5

BUDGET FORMULA

RECEIPTS EXPENDITURES

A. Unencumbered balance January 1, 1944 . . $ 49,668.95

	B. Revenue from taxes already levied . . .	114,100.00

C.	Nontax revenues 1944 . ................... 434,648.75

D.	Expenditures 1944	...................... $592,148.75

E.	Nontax revenues 1945	........ .....	373,731.05

F.	Expenditures 1945	. .................... 542,000.00

G.	Balance, taxes to be levied .............. 162,000.00	____________

Total (Receipts equal expenditures). $1,134,148.75 $1,134,148.75

H.	Divide G. by assessed valuation

to find tax rate . ..................... 1.50	1.50

Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935: *	* Upon the

preparation and completion of said budget, it shall be signed by the
governing board of such town, city, municipality, school district,
county high school or high school district, or educational district, and
the several sums set forth in said budget under estimated expenditures
for the then current year shall be thereby appropriated for the several
	purposes therein named for the said then current year. 

We hereby approve the above budget of the city of Las Vegas for the
year 1944

s/ E. W. Cragin               

MAYOR

______s/ Walter B. Bates_____________

Councilman

______s/ A. Corradetti_______________

Councilman

s/ A. F. Smith, Sr._____________

Councilman

Attest:	

s/ Helen Scott Reed____________

City Clerk

Dated_______4/7_______, 1944___
Page 6

FORM FOR PUBLICATION
CITY BUDGET 1944

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada
for the year Ending December 31, 1944, as provided by Section 2,

Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935.

ASSESSED VALUATION

Actual	Estimated

Assessed Valuation:	1943	1944

Real estate and improvements ... $ 8,700,855.00	$ 8,800,000.00

Personal property........... 1,950,563.00	2,000.000.00

Net proceeds of mines....................-_________________-_______

Total ............................ $10,651,418.00	$10,800,000.00

Actual	Estimated

1943	1944

Receipts:

Licenses .............................. 190,645.47	245,000.00

Fines and fees.........................  69,786.85	61,000.00

Permits and inspections ................ 13,415.20	4,210.00

 Poll taxes .............................. 35,988.00	30,000.00

County road funds..............

Rentals and sales ...................... 11,608.33	12,500.00

Percent corporate earnings ....

Bond sales and loans ........	-	59,838.75

Miscellaneous .......................... 25,278.25	22,100.00

Taxes collected ....................... 152,311.42	157,500.00

Total................................$	499,033.52	$	592,148.75

Expenditures :

Administration ......................... 29,791.54	45,025.00

Police Department ..................... 114,529.48	130,350.00

Fire Department ........................ 76,942.25	96,945.00

Streets and alleys ..................... 83,804.81	95,290.00

Power, light and water ................. 13,833.13	21,145.00

City court and legal expenses .	.	5,101.54	7,425.00

Sewage disposal ............ ...	14,441.81	34,830.00

Health and sanitation .................. 52,651.73	55,985.00

Motor vehicle expense ............

City parks .............................. 7,364.67	10,425.00

Debt redemption and interest . .	.	18,995.00	17,870.00

Miscellaneous ................. .	.	78,506.49	80,068.75

Total................................$	495,962.45	$	592,148.75

City tax rate........................$	1.43	$	1.50

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts

and expenditures of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, for the current year
as required by Section 2, Chapter 44, Laws of Nevada 1935.

Attest:

s/ Helen Scott Reed _______ (Signed)_____E. W. Cragin _________

City Clerk	Mayor

Dated 4/7_________, 1944 "

CITY JAIL	  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Commission accept the architectural

ARCHITECT HIRED      services of Robert Stanton in connection with preliminary plans, sketches

and estimates covering the proposed erection of the Jail. The above
services to be paid for by the City of Las Vegas on the basis of two (2%)
per cent of the estimate cost of the structure, based on a maximum estimate
cost of $95,000.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti. After some discussion,
Commissioner Bates withdrew his motion with the consent of the second.
Commissioner Bates moved that we employ Robert Stanton as architect to
draw preliminary sketches, plans and estimates covering the proposed
construction of a Jail in the City of Las Vegas for a fixed fee of
$2,500.00 plus traveling expenses. Said building not to cost over
$98,000.00, if possible. Further, that Mr. Stanton agrees to assist in 
preparation of an application to the Federal Government for financial
aid and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign said agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until 10:00 A. M.,

April 22.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 22, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day
of April, 1944. Meeting called to order at the hour of 2:00 P. M. by His
Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, City Manager, Charles C. McCall, City
Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. and Deputy City Clerk, Richard Simonton. Absent,
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of April 7, 1944 be amended to
    show cost of Willys trucks as $2,176.88 being approved. Minutes otherwise
approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS   Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 76 thru 85, inclusive,

in the sum of $12,692.62, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

WARRANTS - MATERIAL     Commissioner Smith moved that Material & Service Warrants Nos. 86 and 87,

AND SERVICE.	   in the amount of $5,027.83, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

JAS. A. FLEMING         Commissioner Smith moved the approval of a bill of $500.00 in favor of
BILL APPROVED	Jas. A. Fleming for architectural fees.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

CITY PARK	 	Commissioner Bate's moved the approval of the use of the City Park for the

ELK'S RODEO	Elk's Rodeo on May 18, 19, 20, and 21st.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PLYMOUTH PURCHASED   Commissioner Clark moved that the Board accept the bid of Porter & Baskin

for the purchase of a 1942 Plymouth automobile, in the sum of $450.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

INTERNATIONAL TRUCK	Commissioner Bates moved the authorization for the purchase of an

PURCHASED	International truck with dump bed per bid of the Clark County Wholesale

Mercantile Co. of $3,940.82 less 10% discount on $3,542.82; or a net
sum of $3,586.54.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

CLARK MARKET	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the Clark Market for

APPLICATION DENIED	a Miniature Liquor License be denied as it is not the policy of the Board

to issue Miniature Licenses for markets or merchandising stores.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

PIPE PURCHASE	  Commissioner Smith moved that the Board authorize an expenditure not to

AUTHORIZED	       exceed $4,000.00 for the purchase of pipe for cemetery as submitted in

bids from Basic Magnesium & Standard Wholesale Mercantile Co.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

GEORGE GUICE	   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Beverage and slot machine applications

APPLICATION GRANTED	of George and Addie Mae Guice be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

EL CORTEZ GAMING      Commissioner Corradetti moved that the slot machine application for the	

GRANTED	El Cortez be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

BLUE CAB CO.	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Blue Cab Co. be granted a slot

SLOT MACHINE GRANTED	machine license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;	

noes none.

RIGHT-OF-WAY	  Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor, City Commissioners and City Clerk

PIOCHE POWER DISTRICT   be authorized to sign a	 contract	authorizing 	a new	right-of-way	to the

Pioche Power District	and	accept	relinquishment of	the	previous	right-of-way

heretofore granted Lincoln County Power District for the purpose of power
lines in the vicinity of McCarran Field on property owned by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ORDINANCE PROPOSED	"An ordinance to provide for construction of new sidewalks, repair sidewalks

   in disrepair, assessment against property owners failing to install new
sidewalks or repair sidewalks in disrepair, etc." was proposed and the
Mayor appointed Commissioners Smith and Bates as a committee to act upon
said ordinance and report to the Board at its next regular meeting on May
6, 1944.

There being no further business, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
adjourn until the 6th day of May, 1944 at 10:00 A. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.	 

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 6, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 6th
 	day of May, 1944. Meeting called to order at the hour of 10:00 A.M.

 	by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates and Corradetti; City Manager, Charles C. McCall;
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioners Clark, Smith

and City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the Board meeting of
April 22, 1944 be approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent: Commissioners Clark

and Smith.

PAYROLL CLAIMS  	Commissioner Bates moved that the payroll claims Nos. 88 to 96 inclusive

in the sum of $15,420.20 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent: Commissioners Clark

and Smith.
MATERIAL AND SERVICE    Commissioner Bates moved that material and service warrants Nos. 97 to 99

inclusive in the sum of $5,754.88 he approved. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent:	Commissioners

Clark and Smith.

RECREATION BOARD      Commissioner Corradetti moved that Henry Hoffman be appointed to fill the
APPOINTMENT	vacancy created by the resignation of Arnold Hanson on the Recreation Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent:
Commissioners Clark and Smith.

STREET DEPARTMENT      Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Bert Smith of $300.00 for the 
CATERPILLAR SOLD        purchase of a No. 30 Caterpillar tractor F.O.B. the City Barn be accepted.

      Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by	the following

	vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti	and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Smith.

PROPOSED JAIL—	  Commissioner Bates moved that payment of $833.33, partial payment for 

CLAIM ROBERT STANTON     professional services rendered by Robert Stanton, on plans for the proposed

new City Jail be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent: Commissioners Clark and Smith.

At this time, City Attorney Louis Wiener, Jr. appeared.

GAMING APPLICATIONS  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the	application of the	 Boulder Club,

118 Fremont Street, for one Race Horse	Book and one Poker	 Game be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following votes:
Commissioner Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Absent:
Commissioners Smith and Clark.

PROPOSED SIDEWALK  	At this time	Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner	Corradetti on the committee

ORDINANCE	of investigation on the proposed sidewalk ordinance in place of Commissioner

Smith who is ill.

CITY ENGINEER	 	Commissioner	Bates moved that the resignation of	Harlan Brown, City

RESIGNATION	Engineer, be	accepted as of May 6, 1944. Motion	seconded by Commissioner

Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Smith

and Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that George Rittenhouse be appointed City Engineer
effective as of May 6, 1944. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
    and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Smith.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Bates moved that the meeting adjourn until May 22, 1944 at
2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Smith.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 22, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day
of May, 1944. Meeting called to order at the hour of 2:00 P. M. by His Honor,
Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates,

 	Clark, Corradetti and Smith, City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., City Manager,

 	Charles C. McCall, and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the last regular meeting of
May 6th be amended to read "That the services of Harlan Brown be terminated
as of May 16th" instead of May 6th and that with said amendment, the minutes
be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS          Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 100 to 108, inclusive,

in the sum of $13,762.33 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.
SERVICE AND MATERIAL   Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material Warrants No. 109 in the
WARRANTS	sum of $1,140.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ALTURAS AVENUE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that Alturas Avenue be vacated as per plat on file.

VACATION THEREOF	Further that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign said plat.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;	 

noes none.

HUMANE SOCIETY LEASE   Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to negotiate

a lease and agreement with the Humane Society.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ISOLATION WARD	  Commissioner Bates moved to approve the action of the City Manager and	 

Mayor Cragin taken on May 6th on the agreement they entered into with the	 

County Commissioners on moving one of the NERA Buildings on Westside to
a location adjoining the County Hospital, the City to pay the cost of
moving said building; and expenses thereafter to be borne fifty-fifty with
the County. The City Manager to be authorized to expend up to $2,000 to
put the building into shape as the City’s share. Said money to be taken
from the Contingency Fund.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

SEWER SYSTEM	 	Commissioner Clark moved that it being the understanding of the Board of

Commissioners and Mayor that the original understanding with the FWA
was to the effect that the City of Las Vegas need not at any time purchase
said system nor pay a rental on s aid system, the City Manager is authorized
to inform the FWA that the City of Las Vegas will enter into a lease
agreement with the said FWA whereby the City of Las Vegas will bear all
maintenance and operation costs.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VETERANS FOREIGN   Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the Veterans of
WARS APPLICATION   Foreign Wars for use of City property for carnival purposes be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

FEDERAL GRAZING SERVICE   Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas will enter into a lease
LEASE	  agreement with the Grazing Service for use of land now occupied by C.C.C.

Buildings for a term of one year with the privilege of renewing said lease
for a longer period if the ground is not needed for City purposes after
the yearly period.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

RECREATION DEPARTMENT   Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to submit the
RESOLUTION	following resolution to the Federal Works Agency for financial assistance

in the construction of a Recreation Project.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS the population of the City of Las Vegas has increased from
8,400 to approximately 19,500 in the last three years, and	 

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas has public recreational facilities 
which are barely adequate to provide normal recreation for a peace-time
population of 8,400, and

WHEREAS approximately 70% of the present population of the City of
Las Vegas are directly connected with defense projects in this area, to wit:

Las Vegas Army Air Base; Basic Magnesium, Inc; Manganese Ores; and the

Union Pacific Railroad, a vital war arterial, and	 

WHEREAS the effectiveness of these war projects has been impaired as
a result of labor turnover, partially due to inadequate public recreational
facilities, now therefore

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that application be made to the
Federal Government through the Federal Works Agency for financial assistance
to construct adequate facilities to provide recreation for the personnel
of the above-mentioned defense projects, and

 	 	BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all necessary information, reports, maps

and preliminary drafts necessary for said application be prepared in order
that a fully adequate and complete report may be submitted to the Federal
Government by and through the Federal Works Agency, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that that portion of Block 14, Valley View
Addition as shown on Page 50, Book 1 of Plats in the office of the Recorder,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, which is not occupied by the U.S.O.
Building, and all of that portion of the City Park lying North of Mesquite
Avenue, East of Second Street, West of 5th Street and South of the Biltmore
Annex #2 be and is hereby set aside for the construction of the proposed
recreational facilities.

Dates this 22nd day of May, 1944.

ATTEST:

(signed) Helen Scott Reed     

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.	 

BUILDING AND POLICE   Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Buildings Inspector and the Police
REPORTS	Department be filed.

STREET DEPARTMENT	Bids from the following companies for liquid asphalt were presented to

BIDS ON ASPHALT	the Board for their consideration.

Richfield Oil Co. 610 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada. $10.90 per
ton F.O.B. refinery at Watson, California. Freight rate from Watson,

California to Las Vegas - $.27 cwt.

Associated Oil Co. 800 South Main, Las Vegas, Nevada. No Bid.

Cardinal and Pisetta 810 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada. $16.30
per ton, F.O.B. Las Vegas.

Standard Oil Company 400 South Main, Las Vegas, Nevada. $l0.90 per ton
F.O.B. El Segundo, California. $5.40 per ton freight.

Union Oil Co. Main and Stewart, Las Vegas, Nevada. $10.90 per ton. Freight
rates from Wilmington, California to Las Vegas, Nevada $5.40 per ton.

Commissioner Bates moved that all bids being equal the City Manager be
authorized to purchase liquid asphalt in carload lots from each of the bidders
as he deems advisable in an equitable manner as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ORDINANCE NO. 291	    Commissioner Bates and Corradetti have reported favorably on the proposed

PROPOSED SIDEWALK	sidewalk ordinance #291. The Clerk was directed to read it for the first

time. Thereafter Commissioner Smith moved that an Ordinance entitled"An
ordinance to provide for construction of new sidewalks, repair of sidewalks
in disrepair, assessment against property owners failing to install new
sidewalks, or repair sidewalks in disrepair, and provide for filing and
recording of lien against real property and foreclosure of the same for
expenditures in repair, or construction of sidewalk when the same is performed
by the City of Las Vegas." be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

H. F. HENDRICKSON        Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas accept the change order
COMPANY - CHANGE ORDER    as submitted by H. F. Hendrickson Company for construction at the disposal

plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until June 7th at the
hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
June Seventh, 1944

 At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this

seventh day of June, 1944: Meeting called to order by His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:10 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City

Manager, Charles C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis C. Wiener, Jr.;

City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent, Commissioner Smith.

 	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of May 22nd be amended

to show the Police and Building Inspectors' Reports ordered filed
were for the month of April and that said minutes be approved as
amended by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried with the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Smith.	 

PAYROLL WARRANTS    Commissioner Corradetti moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 110-119 inclusive,

in the sum of $15,668.17 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign same.

 	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following

 	vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, His Honor voting aye;

 	noes, none; absent, Commissioner Smith.

SERVICE AND	  

MATERIAL WARRANTS   Commissioner Corradetti moved that Service and Material Warrants

Nos. 120-123, inclusive, in the sum of $12,476.36 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Smith.

STREET DEPARTMENT	 	Bids from the following companies for liquid asphalt MC-1 were 

BIDS ON ASPHALT	 	received at this time:

Standard Oil Company, 409 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, $12.40
per ton, f.o.b. El Segunda, California.

Richfield Oil Company, 610 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, $12.40
per ton, f.o.b. Watson, California.

Cardinal and Pisetta, 810 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, $17.80
per ton, f.o.b. Las Vegas, Nevada.

Union Oil Company of California, Los Angeles, California, $12.40 per ton,
f.o.b. Wilmington, California.

Commissioner Bates moved that all bids being equal, the City Manager be
directed to purchase carload lots alternately from each bidder as he
deems advisable in an equitable a manner as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none; absent, Commissioner Smith.

CHARLESTON BOULEVARD    Commissioner Clark moved that that certain petition filed as of this date
AND MARYLAND DRIVE	with the Board of City Commissioners requesting permission to vacate  

PETITION	certain portions of Charleston Boulevard and Maryland Drive, accompanied with

the tentative map thereof, be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

SUBDIVISION	  Commissioner Bates made a motion that the City Manager be directed to make

REQUIREMENTS	a survey of all sub-divisions in the City of Las Vegas completed since

January 1, 1941, to determine whether or not all requirements for improvements
have been made thereon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

LAS VEGAS GUNNERY      Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to
SCHOOL: ACCESS ROAD    execute a license for installations upon right-of-way belonging to the City

AND TELEPHONE LINES	of Las Vegas of a telephone line and access road at the Las Vegas Gunnery

TRACTS #2 and 9	School, for a consideration of $1.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS     The reports of the Electrical Department, Plumbing Inspector's report for the
ORDERED FILED	month of May, and the Building Inspector's reports for the months of April

and May, having been received, were ordered filed.
HELLDORADO CELEBRATION   A letter of appreciation for the fine cooperation given by all the city

departments during the 10th Annual Helldorado celebration in Las Vegas
was received from the B.P.O. Elks No. 1468 and ordered filed.

FIDELITY BOND FOR     Commissioner Bates moved that the Fidelity Bonds now carried on employees
CITY EMPLOYEES	in the City Clerk’s office and running to the City of Las Vegas be amended

to run to the City Clerk instead of the City of Las Vegas, and that the
bond of the Chief Deputy City Clerk be increased to $10,000 instead of
$1,000; also, the bond of the Deputy License Collector and Special 

Investigator be increased to $10,000 from $1,000.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.
 

Commissioner Bates moved that all bonds of the desk sergeants and clerks of
the court of the Police Department now running to the City of Las Vegas be
amended to run to the Municipal Judge.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

LEASING: NATIONAL	    Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to

GRAZING SERVICE	execute a lease by and between the National Grazing Service and the City of

Las Vegas for use of city-owned land for one year at a rental of $1.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

AIRPORT	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve a plan submitted by the

ADMINISTRATION	Joint Planning Commission for the erection of a sign naming the Airport

BUILDING SIGN  	Administration Building, provided the Airlines participate in a fund for 

installing said sign.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

ORANGEWOOD DRIVE:     Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the Las Vegas, Clark
RENAMING THEREOF	County Joint Planning Commission to-wit:	That the newly constructed portion

of road extending south from Tonapah Drive to Charleston Boulevard and also
that portion of road extending south from Charleston Boulevard to the south
city limits and presently named "Orangewood Drive", be officially known as
"Rancho Drive", be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

RIGHT-OF-WAY  	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be authorized to file a

stipulation in the Condemnation Proceedings now pending in the District Court
against Adrien Kuffer, C. L. Ronnow and Mary Ronnow. Said stipulation
providing for the appointment of a committee to appraise certain property
as set forth in the Complaint, and the committee to be composed of Messrs.

O. A. Kimball, A. H. Herrington and Tom Campbell.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.

LEASE:	U.S.O.	Commissioner	Clark moved that the Board approve that certain lease between the

BUILDING, WEST	SIDE	 	City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and the United Service Organization,

Inc., leasing one 1-story frame building together with attached bath house and
its appurtenances situated in Block 14, Valley View addition for a period 

beginning January 28th, 1944 and ending six months after cessation of hostilities
with Germany and its allies, for the rental of $1.00 a year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honorvoting aye; noes, none,
absent; Commissioner Smith.

ORDINANCE #291	-	 	An Ordinance	entitled, "An Ordinance Providing for Construction of New 

SECOND READING	Sidewalks, Repair 	of Sidewalks in Disrepair; Assessment Against Property Owners

Failing to Install New Sidewalks or Repair Sidewalks in Disrepair, and
Provide for Filing and Recording of Lien Against Real Property and Foreclosures
of the same for Expenditures in Repair, or Construction of Sidewalk when the
same is performed by the City of Las Vegas" was read to the Board for the
second time. Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing ordinance
be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;
absent, Commissioner Smith.
There being no farther business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved the meeting adjourn until
June 22nd, 1944, at the hour of 2:00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none; Absent, Commissioner Smith.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 22, 1944

  At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
twenty-second day of June, 1944. Meeting called to order by His
Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2.10 p.m. with the 

following members present: Commissioners Bates and Corradetti; City

Attorney, Louis C. Wiener, Jr.; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed; 

absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith. (City Manager, Charles C.

McCall)

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held June seventh, be approved by
reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	 Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 124 to 132, 

APPROVED	inclusive, in the sum of $13,822.90, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

SERVICE AND	  Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 134

MATERIAL WARRANTS      in the sum of $3,096.71 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent,Commissioners Clark and Smith.

At this time, Mayor Cragin ordered the City Manager’s Report for the
month of May, the report of the Clark County Health Department for
the month of May filed; also, the Statement of Funds Received, 

Disbursements and Balances for the period of January 1, 1944 to May 31,
1944, submitted by Mr.George,Wood, filed.

SHADOW STREET	  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to make

RIGHT-OF-WAY	    the necessary survey in regard to Shadow Street in Woodland Park 

addition, as presented by the Board of County Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

LIBERTY SHIP	 Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to notify

"LAS VEGAS"	the Maritime Commission that the City of Las Vegas will furnish a

library for the Liberty Ship, "Las Vegas", and that the wife of Mayor
E.W. Cragin be appointed to launch said ship.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

UNITED STATES ARMY   Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas grant the request
GARBAGE DUMP	of the United States Army for the use of the following described parcel

of ground; TheSW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 28, Township 19 South, Range
62 East, for garbage disposal purposes, with the understanding that said
plot of ground will be left in a clean and sanitary condition at the
termination of said agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.
CIVIL AERONAUTICS	Remote receiving antenna site - Contract No. C6CA - 1802.

ADMINISTRATION	Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas grant a

license to Civil Aeronautics Administration for permission
to occupy land owned by the City of Las Vegas on which are
located receiving antenna poles and underground cable, part
of their DT Patrol Quarters facility. Said license to run
from July 1, 1943 to June 30, 1944 with an option for 

renewal; however, that no renewal shall extend beyond the 30th
day of June, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and
 	His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent,Commissioners Clark

and Smith.

ELECTRIC LAMP BIDS   Bids from the following companies for electric light lamps

were opened at this time:

Standard Wholesale Supply Co. - 5%, 10 proximo
McQuay’s Supply Company -	2%, 10 days net thirty

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Standard 

Wholesale Supply Company to furnish electric lamps for the period
June 8, 1944 to June 7, 1945, be accepted as this was the
lowest bid received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Smith
and Clark.

STREET DEPARTMENT    Bids from the following companies for emulsified asphalt for
BIDS ON EMULSIFIED   surface treating of city streets were received at this time:

ASPHALT

Richfield Oil Company - $13.80 per ton, fob refinery at

Watson, California

American Bitumul Co. - $12.60 per ton, fob Inglewood, Cal.

Cardinal & Pisetta submitted the following quotation:

Penetration type 	RS - 1	$13.80	per	ton

Mixing type	NS-1	16.20

Slowfit type	SS-l	16.20

Slowfit type	SS-2	16.20	fob	Los Angeles, Cal.

Union Oil Company 6f California -

55-P-UPA 200-300 penetration $12.60 per ton
55-P-UPA 150-200	"	13.80	"	"

fob Wilmington, California

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Union Oil Company
and American Bitumul Company be accepted and material purchased
alternately in as equitable a manner as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

STREET DEPARTMENT    Bids from the following companies were opened at this time for
BIDS ON PEA GRAVEL   pea gravel for surface treatment of city streets:

Southern Nevada Industries, Ltd. $.90 per ton, net.

Martin Sand & Gravel Plant, Las Vegas, Nevada - $2.00 per ton,

less 5%, thirty days.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Southern Nevada Industries,
Ltd., for pea gravel at $.90 per ton be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent Commissioners Clark and Smith.

GRAVEL CHIPS BID       There being just one bid returned for gravel chips, for use on

city streets, Commissioner Bates moved that said bid from Southern
Nevada Industries, Ltd. for gravel chips at $.90 per ton be 

accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent Commissioners Clark and Smith.

GARBAGE COLLECTION   The following schedule of collection fees for commercial and
FEES	industrial establishments was submitted to the Board for 

consideration, by the City Manager:
MONTHLY RATES - REFUSE COLLECTION
Commercial and Industrial Estab.

CLASS_________CONT. *	_____DAILY SERVICE       INCL. SUNDAY_____WEEKLY

A	1	5.00	6.00	1.00

B	2	7.50	9.00	1.50

C	4	10.00	12.00

D	6	12.50	15.00

E	8	15.00	18.00

F	10	17.50	21.00

G	12	20.00	24.00

H	14	22.50	27.00

I	16	25.00	30.00

J	18	27.50	33.00

K	20	30.00	36.00

*- Containers - number allowed

25 gal. each

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing schedule of fees for
garbage collection for commercial and industrial establishments
be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

RESOLUTION:	 	The following resolution was presented to the Board for its

CLARK COUNTY	 	consideration:

HOSPITAL

R _E_ S _O_ L U _T_ I _O_ N

WHEREAS the United States Federal Health Service has called to
the attention of the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark 
that the venereal disease rate has greatly increased in this
area, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark, as 

political subdivisions, are anxious to aid the United States Health
Service in curbing the spread of said venereal disease, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas and County of Clark as political
subdivisions have jointly indicated their desire to create 

facilities for the prevention and treatment of such diseases, and



WHEREAS it is necessary to procure certain personal services of
doctors and nurses, etc. for the treatment and prevention of
such diseases, now

BE IT RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation
does hereby agree to pay to the Clark County Hospital Board, as
the City’s share in the cost of treatment and prevention of venereal
disease, the sum of Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00.) per month, said
payments to continue indefinitely or until such time as the City 

Commission and the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County feel
that the necessity for the educational and preventative program is
no longer necessary.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution be approved;

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

ORDINANCE #292 -	 	An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance Providing for the Protection

PLUMBING	of the Public Health and the Examination, Registration, Licensing

and Bonding of Persons Engaged in the Business of Plumbing or
Laboring at the Trade of Plumbing, Requiring a Permit for the 

Installation or Alteration of Drainage or Plumbing Systems, creating
the Office of Plumbing Inspector and a Board of Plumbing Examiners
Describing their Duties, Defining Certain Terms, Establishing 

Minimum Regulations for the Installation, Alteration or Repair of
Plumbing and Drainage Systems and the Inspection thereof, Providing
Penalties for its Violation, Repealing Conflicting Ordinances" was
read to the Board for the first time.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Ordinance #292 be approved on
its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, None; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

MAYOR PRO TEM	 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that in the event Commissioner Smith

was out of the City during the absence of Mayor Cragin that 

Commissioner Bates be appointed to act as Mayor Pro Tem.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.
AUDITORS' REPORT	Commissioner Bates moved that the report on the

CITY CLERK'S OFFICE	 	audit of account of the City of Las Vegas for the

calendar year 1943, as submitted by George H. Wood,
be accepted and filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, 

	Commissioners Clark and Smith.

DEPUTY CITY CLERK HIRED	Commissioner Bates moved that Thomas E. Fennessy be

hired as Deputy City Clerk to act as auditor and
purchasing agent at a salary of 1375.00, per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti and

Bates and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent,
Commissioners Clark and Smith.

HOUSE MOVING - PERMITS REQUIRED       Commissioner Bates moved that before permits to bring

buildings into the City of Las Vegas are issued, parties
desiring to move such structures into the City of Las
Vegas must, in addition to posting a bond as heretofore,
present to the Building Inspector priorities necessary
to complete structures intended to be moved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners
Clark and Smith.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
recess until Thursday, June 29th, at the hour of 10.00 am.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners
Clark and Smith.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 29, 1944

On motion of Commissioner Bates, seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti, the regular meeting of June 22nd recessed until
Thursday, June 29th, at the hour of 10 am. (Purpose of
which is hot shown). Failed on account of there not being
a quorum present.

Present:	City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed

Commissioner Bates

Absent:	Mayor Cragin

Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith, Sr.

Commissioners Clark and Corradetti
City Manager, Charles C. McCall
City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.
Las Vegas, Nevada
July 7, 1944

  At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this seventh day Of July:	Meeting called to order by His

Honor, Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith, Sr., with the following
members present:	Commissioners Clark and Bates; City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr.; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent, Com-
missioner Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin; City Manager, Charles
C. McCall.

At this time, Mayor Pro Tem Smith appointed Thomas E. Fennessy
to represent the City Manager.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 135-144, 

APPROVED	inclusive, in the sum of $15,829.88 be approved and the Mayor	

and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor

Pro Tem Smith, voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner 

Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

MINUTES JUNE 22nd	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of June 22nd be approved

APPROVED	by reference.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem

A. F. Smith, Sr., voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner 

Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS	  The reports of the Electrical Inspector, Plumbing Inspector and

FILED	the Building Inspector, for the month of June, were read and ordered

filed.

MOVING HOUSES INTO	      Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be instructed to make

THE CITY	an investigation with Mr. Morling regarding houses being moved into

the City and to report at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith,

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor
E. W. Cragin.

VIOLATION OF BUILDING	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the action taken by

ORDINANCES	the City Manager relative to the violation of building ordinances

by Mr. John Good, 612 North 9th Street, and similar offenses.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates and Clark, and His Honor

Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner
Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

FIRE STATIONS	 	Mr. Charles C. McCall made a preport on the status of the 

application for proposed fire stations.

BUDGET	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to

go to Reno, Nevada, to consult with the Attorney General on matters
pertaining to our budget, and that his expenses be borne by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem, Smith

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor
E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Clark moved that a piece of city-owned equipment be
used, if needed, for the proposed trip to Reno on July 14th.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor
E. W. Cragin.	 

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board is favorable to the City
of Las Vegas joining with other cities in the State of Nevada to
form a League of Nevada cities and that the Board sanctions the
attendance of City Commissioners and other City officials at a
meeting at Reno on July the 14th for the purpose of organizing such
a league. The expense incurred by the City Commission and City
officials while on this trip are to be met by the individual and are
not the responsibility of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following 
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem

Smith voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and
Mayor E. W. Cragin.

RIGHT-OF-WAY		Commissioner Bates moved to hold over the matter of proposed 

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD	exchange of right-of-way property in new highway with the Union

Pacific Railway Company because of Section 7 in the Agreement
requesting installation of a fence and maintenance thereof by
the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem

Smith, voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and
Mayor E. W. Cragin.
 

RECREATION PROGRAM	City Manager, Charles C. McCall, reported on the status of the

APPLICATION	application to the Federal Works Agency of the Recreation Program

for 100% Federal Aid in the sum of $256,400.00, said application
having been submitted as of July 3, 1944.

DISPOSAL PLANT	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to

spend sufficient funds to put the new City Disposal Plant into
operation. The present estimate of funds needed is approximately
$5,000.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem, Smith

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor
E. W. Cragin.

WOODLAWN CEMETERY -	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to

BIDS ON PIPE LAYING	 	let bids for the laying of pips in the new addition of Woodlawn

Cemetery.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem

Smith, voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and
Mayor E. W. Cragin.

HUMANE SOCIETY	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City grant $220 per month upon

demand of the Humane Society for services rendered with the 

understanding that all expenses in connection with the operation of the
Society are to be paid by the Society.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith

voting aye; noes, none;absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor E.

W. Cragin.

GAMING AND LIQUOR APPLICATIONS    Commissioner Bates moved that the following gaming and liquor
GRANTED	licenses be granted:

Gayer Company	Lee’s Drive Inn	10th and Fremont	2 machines

E. T. Bihlmaier	Oasis Cafe	123 Fremont	4

Gayer Company	Orton’s Grill	121 South 5th	1

George G. Perry	Playland Arcade	129 South 1st	3

P. O. Silvagni	Apache Bar	2nd and Fremont	6

P. O. Silvagni	Kiva Bar	129 East Fremont	1

Jack Pruitt	Nevada Bar	115 North 1st	1

P. O. Silvagni	Apache Bar - back	2nd and Fremont	6

P. O. Silvagni	Apache Cafe	2nd and Fremont	3

P. O. Silvagni	Apache Hotel Lobby	2nd and Fremont	3

Phyllis Helm	Mom’s Lunch	1401 Fremont	2

Jack Weisberger	George Knipp	1711 Fremont	1

Helen M. Askew	Smith's Root Beer Stand	313 Stewart	2

V. S. Churtleff	Sewell’s Grocery Store	307 Fremont	2

R. Roschl	Smith's Root Beer Stand	cor. 3rd & Stewart	1

Abe Miller	Sal Sagev Hotel Co., Inc.	Main and Fremont	2

Abe Miller	Sal Sagev Hotel Co., Inc.	Main and Fremont	3

Doyle Tinkel	Jack Pot	116 Fremont	Penny	 Roulette

Robert L. Brooks	Nevada Biltmore Hotel	614 North Main	9 slots

2 "21"

1	roulette
1 crap table

Claude Haff	Modern Food Shop	315 Fremont Street	2 slots

E. A. Robinson	Frank Ball Grocery	404 South 2nd Street	1

M. C. Kress	State Cafe	20 Fremont Street	4

Earle E. Wilson	Pony. Express Stages	123 South 1st,	7

Gayer Co.	Belvedere Grocery	H and Harrison	1

Gayer Co.	Black Cat Cafe	418 Madiosn	2

Gayer Co.	Professional Pharmacy	814 Fremont	1

Gayer Co.	Hughes Grocery	509 W. Jackson	1

Gayer Co.	Adams Grocery	816 Fremont	1

Gayer Co.	West side Cafe	D and Madison	3

Gayer Co.	Shady rest Cafe	F and Jackson	2

Gayer. Co.	Silver State Service Station 6th and Fremont	1

Gayer Co.	Tivoli Bar	126 North 1st	1

Gayer Co.	Low Price Market	Main and Stewart	1

Gayer Co.	Professional Pharmacy	423 Fremont	4

Gayer Co.	Edmonds Associated Station	5th and Carson	1

Aurelia Scheer	Las Vegas Pharmacy	32 Fremont	2

Aurelia Scheer	White Cross Drug Co.	201 Fremont	2

Charles M. Travis	Las Vegas Liquor Store	812 Fremont	1

Guy McAfee	125 Fremont - Pool Hall	125 Fremont	9

 	9 pool tables

Anna Mae Weller	Lido Bar	107 North 1st	4

Harold R. Hunter	Deluxe Sandwich Shop	127 S. 2nd	3

C. C. Underhill	Bowling & Recreation Center 125 S. 2nd	g

L. L. Snyder	Snyder's Underpass Grocery	300 Bonanza	3

J. W. McMichael	Market Spot	2nd and Carson	4

L. VanderMeer	Oppedyk Jersey Dairy Co.	600 North Main	1

James J. Adras	White Spot Cafe	109 Fremont	g

James J. Adras	Nevada Coffee Shop	113 North 1st	2

J. K. Houssels	Las Vegas Tavern	1 Fremont	g

J. K. Houssels	Overland Bar	6 Fremont	4

R. Roschl	Rex Bar	128 S. 1st	2

R. Roschl	Silver State Newsstand	110 S. 2nd	4

R. Roschl	Jimmie’s Bar	807 S. Main	3

Robert Testolin	Fremont Tavern, Inc.	105 S. 1st	3

Moe Taub	Cotton Club	500 Jackson	6 slots

1 poker
1 crap

1 black jack

1 racehorse

 keeno
Jake Ensley	Do Drop In Cafe	D &	Jackson	4 slot machines

R. G. Garner	Recreation Tavern	123	S. 2nd	4

P. O. Silvagni	Kiva Bar	2nd	and Fremont	8

Martin Goldring	Spic N Span Delicatessen	129	Fremont	1

V. H. Lancaster	B. & H. Grocery	402	Bonanza	1

Paralee Adams	Pearl's Cafe	224	North 1st	3

Nate Mack	Jack Pot Club	116	Fremont	5

1 "21"

1 craps
1 roulette

Ted Saunders	Victory Sandwich	Shop	124½ N. 1st	1 slot

Ted Saunders	Victory Sandwich	Shop	116	South 1st	1

J. B. Gaut	Tivoli Bar	126	North 1st	3

E. D. Ciliax	Town Barbecue	506 E. Fremont	3	

Woo Sing	Bus Terminal Cafe	127	S. 1st	2

Harry Farnow	Boulder Drug Company	121	E. Fremont	10

Ted Konduris	Southwestern Liquor Store	101	Carson	1

Jack Pruitt	Log Cabin Bar	122	North 1st	1

George & Addie Guice	George's Westside Grocery	501	Jackson	2

George & Addie Guice	George's Green Lantern	501	Jackson	4

Charles Addison	Pioneer Cocktail Lounge	1st	and Fremont	7

Jack Weisberger	Boulder Liquor	425	Fremont	1

Jack Weisberger	John Anton Grocery	1503 S. 5th	2	H

Joe Morgan	Silver Cafe	106 N. 1st	4

Joe Morgan	Golden Camel Bar	110 N. 1st	4

Josie Dondich	Cut Rate Liquor Store	132 S. 5th	2

Dave Stearns	Turf Club & Bar	15 East Fremont	12	slots

1 race horse bk.

George G. Parry	Christie & Corey 	Steak House     122 S. 1st	41	slots

H. F. Read  	Read City Drug	231 Fremont	11

M. C. Jacobs	Boulder Liquor Store	423 Fremont	3

J. K. Wadsworth	Nevada Bar	115 N. 1st	5

Sun Wing Won	New Overland Cafe	6 Fremont	4

Edward Tip Rowe	Tip's Drive Inn	1516 South 5th	2

George F. Miller	Charleston Grocery	Charleston Blvd.	1

Boysie Ensley	Oklahoma Cafe	220 N. 1st St.	3

J. W. Schamm	Frontier Club	117 Fremont	37

4	blackjack

1	pan, 4 poker

2	crap

2 roulette
1 racehorse keeno
1 hopper keno
(102 chrs.)

1 racehorse bk

Joe Morgan	Silver Club	108 North 1st	2 slots

1 "21"	

1	roulette

2	crap

W. E. Greene	Mandalay Bar	111 Fremont	10	slots

Jimmie Fulcher	Cornets 5¢, 10¢ store	2nd and Fremont	3

Jimmie Fulcher	Gilbert Bros. Creamery	Bonanza Rd. at underpass   4

Al Salton	Al's Bar	111 S. 1st	16

Abe Kroloff	Eight Ball Bar	117 N. 1st	11

J. W.	Alexa	El	Cortez	Hotel	6th	and	Fremont	3

J. W.	Alexa	El	Cortez	Hotel	6th	and	Fremont	10

J. W.	Alexa	El	Cortez	Hotel	6th	and	Fremont	4

J. W.	Alexa	El	Cortez	Hotel	6th	and	Fremont	5

1 roulette

1	crap

2	"21"

R. Roschl	Thrifty Market	1st and Charleston	2 slots

R. Roschl	Dick's Bar	118 North 1st	2

R. Roschl	P. & B. Cafe	202 North 1st	1

Mrs. Blaine Johnson	Johnson's Grocery	630 South 5th	1

Louis Mack	The Esquire Bar	120 South 2nd	 4

Ethel Rapaport	Ethel's Family Liquor Store 28 Fremont	1

Ethel Rapaport	Ethel's Family Liquor Store 409 Fremont	 1

John A. Katsaros	Sam's Cafe	320 Fremont	5

John A. Katsaros	Trail's Cafe	13 Fremont	1

Mark S. Schulman	Mark's Food Company	1500 E. Fremont	6

John Stathis	Busy Bee Cafe	105 N. 1st	2 

V. H. Lancaster	Square Deal Club	1322 E. Street	3

2 poker	 

1 crap

A. B. Witcher	Boulder Club, Inc.	118-120 Fremont	33	slots

1 pan, 3poker
1 keeno

(100 chrs.)

1	racehorse
keeno

2	roulettes
1 Big 6wheel

1	Faro Bank

2	craps
1 hazard

5	"21"

1 racehorse
- book

A, B.	Witcher	Boulder Club, Inc.	122 Fremont	4 slots

J. R.	Sailor	Las Vegas Tavern	19 Fremont	7 slots

J. R.	Sailor	Las Vegas Club	21-23 Fremont	29 slots

1 pan
1 poker

3	"21"

1 crap

1 roulette

1 racehorse

keno


1 race horse book
1 tango

1	faro

Pat Rozzelle	Cardinal Cafe	508	Fremont	6 slots

Pat Rozzelle	Orange Julius	Co.	405	Fremont	5

Albert Goot	Food Center Grocery	770	Fremont	6

C.	C. Griggs	Log Cabin Bar	122	N. 1st	3

Orpha Sill Miller	Wimpy's Cafe	210	Fremont	3

Orpha Sill Miller	Sills's Drive	In	Cafe	5th	and Charleston    4

Walter Argyle	Foreign Club	111 North 1st.	2

John Anton	John Anton Grocery	1503 South 5th	1

Charly Welch	Westside Tavern	Westside	3

P. L. Jefferson	Brown Derby Cafe	320	Monroe	4

H.	Gordon	Mike's Liquor Store	106	Fremont	4

M. B. Abrams	Fremont Arcade	105	Fremont	33

1 "21"

1 craps

M. B. Abrams	The Slot Machine	101	Fremont	35	slots

Jack Pruitt	Lido Bar	107	N. 1st	1

L.	M. Wilson	Overland Hotel	Main & Fremont	2

Bessie Fraser	Betty’s Cafe	1039 South Main	3

Bert O'Donnell	Rancho Grande Creamery	406	South 2nd	1

Jack Pruitt	Cinnabar	105	South 1st	1

Charles Addison	Pioneer Club	25 Fremont	38 slots

2	pan

6	poker

7	"21"

1	Faro

2	Roulette

1 race horse keeno

Helen M. Askew	Smith's Drive In	311 Stewart	Retail Beverage

Charles Addison	Pioneer Club, Cocktail	25 Fremont	7 slots

Lounge

Lewis E. Ball	Ball's Grocery & Market	404	S. 2nd	Retail	Beverage

George Corey	Pony Coffee Shop	123	South 1st	Retail	Beverage

Raymond H. Lundy	Orton's Grill	121	S. 5th St.	Retail	Beverage

Charles M. Travis	Las Vegas Liquor Store	812	Fremont	Sealed	Package

Importer’s Bev.

Charles Bennett	Las Vegas Pool Hall	127	Fremont	Retail	Beverage

M.	C. Edwards	Nevada Bar	115	N. 1st	Retail	Tavern

The foregoing motion was seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor Mayor Pro

Tem Smith voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and
Mayor E. W. Cragin.

APPLICATION DENIED:   Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Mark S. Schulman of the

Clark Market for a Sealed Package Liquor License covering miniatures, be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye;
noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

APPLICATIONS GRANTED:   Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Lee Mitchell at Lee's

Drive Inn, 916 Fremont Street, for retail beverage license and the 

application of Bob Baskin at the B. & B. Retail Grocery, 8810 South 5th Street
for retail beverage license, be granted.	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye;
noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

PETITION:	 	A certain petition signed by numerous tavern owners requesting that closing

TAVERN OWNERS  	hours be advanced from 12 midnight to 2 am., was read to the Board and  

ordered held for further consideration by Mayor pro Tem Smith.

 

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until 2 p.m. Monday
July loth.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith,voting aye;

 noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin. 

ORDINANCE 292	 Commissioner Clark moved that Ordinance No. 292 be approved on its second

Second Reading	reading. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor,

E. W. Cragin.
Las Vegas, Nevada

July 22, 1944

  At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this twenty-second day of July, 1944:	Meeting

called to order at the hour of 10 a.m. by His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Smith; City
Manager, Charles C. McCall; City Clerk, Helen Scott
Reed. Absent:	City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of July
seventh and tenth be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, voting aye; noes,
none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	  Commissioner Smith moved that payroll Claims No. 148-156,	 

APPROVED	inclusive, in the sum of $14,357.81 be approved and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, voting aye; noes,
none.

BUILDING CODE	  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed

VIOLATION	to take action against Roy Bumbalow and John Graham for

violation of the building code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, voting aye; noes,
none.

V. D. STATION	  Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized

WESTSIDE	to spend up to $500 for the installation of a V. D. Station

on the Westside for the colored people.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, voting aye; noes,	 

none.

CITY CLERK	   Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be granted a

LEAVE OF ABSENCE	thirty day leave of absence.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor, Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye; noes,
none.

CONTRACT C6-CA-1802	Commissioner Clark moved that Civil Aeronautics Administration

RENEWAL	be granted a renewal of Contract No. C6-Ca-1802 covering setting

of three poles and the installation of maintenance lines and radio
antennae on property located at the Airways Communication Station,

Las Vegas, Nevada on the Los Angeles - Salt Lake Airways, for the
period July 1, 1944 and ending June 30, 1945. at an annual rental
of $1.00 and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to execute
said renewal.

Motion seconded by commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, and His

Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, voting aye; noes, none.

SOUTHERN NEVADA	  Commissioner Bates moved that that certain bid heretofore accepted

INDUSTRIES'  BID	by the Board of City Commissioners on June 22nd, 1944, for gravel	 

CANCELLED	chips from the Southern Nevada Industries, be cancelled for the

reason that said bid was not for the same size gravel specified in
the bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin, voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VEGAS HOSPITAL	  Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be instructed to notify

the Las Vegas Hospital that the City has no authority or facilities
to assist business men in collecting debts owed them by City employees.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor E.

W. Cragin, voting aye; noes, none.
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE	  Commissioner Smith moved that the action taken by the

     delegation sent to Reno for the purpose of forming a
league of Nevada cities be approved, and the Articles
of Incorporation be copied into the minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, voting
aye; noes, none.

 	ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF THE LEAGUE OF

NEVADA CITIES, INC.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:	That we, the undersigned, have this day

voluntarily associated ourselves together for the purpose of forming a Corporation
under that certain Act of the Legislature of the State of Nevada entitled, "An
Act to Provide for the Organization, Management and Conduct of Non-Profit 

Cooperative Corporations, Providing for Membership Therein, and Matters Properly 

Connected therewith", approved March 22, 1921, as amended, and to that end we do hereby
certify:

1.	That the name of this Corporation is, and shall be, "The League of Nevada
Cities".

2.	That this Corporation is formed as a non-profit, non-partisan cooperative
corporation for the following purposes:

(a). To foster periodical conferences, or meetings of city officials for
the discussion of municipal problems and for the purpose of promoting governmental
efficiency.

(b). To foster and disseminate knowledge relating to municipal government
by all appropriate means and to arouse greater interest and more active civic
consciousness among people as to its importance and significance.

(c). To publish and circulate publications on municipal and/or technical
subjects of interest to cities.

(d). To promote good legislation respecting municipal affairs, and to op-
pose such measures as seem to be inimical to public interest.

(e). To secure harmony of action among cities in matters that affect the
rights and liabilities of the cities and of the public.

(f). To render technical, informational and other services to cities for
their general welfare.

3.	The poace where the principal business of this Corporation will be 

transacted is in the city of Reno, County of Washoe, State of Nevada; provided however,
that other meetings of the Corporation or meetings of the Board of Directors may be
held in such other places within the State of Nevada as the Board of Directors may
from time to time designate.

4.	The period of the existence and the duration of life of this Corporation
shall be fifty (50) years.

5.	The members of the governing board of this Corporation shall be styled
"Directors" and their number shall not be less than three. The names and addresses
of the Directors selected for the first year and until their successors shall have
been elected and shall have accepted office are as follows:

Names	Addresses

Harry E. Stewart	Reno, Nevada

Thomas E. Dixon	Caliente, Nevada

D.	J. Fodrin	Sparks, Nevada

A. L. Haight	Fallon, Nevada

Arthur F. Smith	Las Vegas, Nevada

6.	The voting power and the property rights and interests of each member city
shall be equal, each member city to have one vote at all meetings of the members and
upon all questions submitted to members for action, such vote to be cast by a 

representative or representative duly authorized by the governing body of such member
city. All duly elected and appointed officers of member cities shall be non-voting
members of this Corporation.

7. A certificate of membership shall be issued to each member City but said
membership or the said certificate thereof shall not be assigned by any member to
any other person or corporation.

8.	This Corporation shall have, exercise and enjoy each and every power which
a Corporation organized under "An Act to Provide for the Organization, Management,
and Conduct of Non-Profit Cooperative Corporations, Providing for Membership Therein,
and Matters properly Connected Therewith", approved March 22, 1921, may lawfully have
or enjoy.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have hereunto set our hands this 19th day of July, 1944:
STATE OF NEVADA )

ss.

COUNTY OF WASHOE )

	On this 19th day of July, 1944, personally appeared before me, a Notary Public in

and for said County of Washoe, State of Nevada, HARRY E. STEWART, THOMAS E. DIXON, D. J.
FODRIN, A. L. HAIGHT, and ARTHUR F. SMITH, SR., known to me to be the persons described

in and who executed the foregoing instrument, who acknowledged to me that they executed
the same freely and voluntarily and for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and seal at my office in the City
of Reno, County of Washoe, State of Nevada, the day and year in this certificate first
above written.

Notary Public in and for the

County of Washoe, State of Nevada.

STREET DEPARTMENT	 

BID - GRAVEL CHIPS	Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of C. L. Martin for 250 to

500 tons of gravel chips of a maximum size of 3/8 unch down to
l/l6 inch at a $1.50 a yard be accepted; this being the only bid
submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith and His

Honor, Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye; noes, none.

DISPOSAL PLANT		Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Standard Wholesale

BID ON PRICE	Supply Company for price, valve and fittings used at the City

Disposal Plant in the sum of $1,777.28 be accepted; this being
the only bid submitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor,

Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE AND	 	Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material Demands No. 167-

MATERIAL WARRANTS	169, inclusive, in the sum of $14,286.14 be approved and the Mayor

and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor

Mayor E.W. Cragin, oting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until
Monday, August 7 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor, Mayor E.W. Cragin, voting aye; noes, none.
Las Vegas, Nevada

August 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this seventh day of August, 1944:	Meeting called

to order at the hour of 2.30 p.m. by His Honor, Mayor

E.	W. Cragin, with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith; City
	Manager, Charles C. McCall; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed;

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the meeting
of July twenty-second be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants No. 160-168

inclusive, in the sum of $15,824.19 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MATERIAL AND	Commissioner Smith moved that Material and Service Warrants

SERVICE WARRANTS	    No. 169-171, inclusive, in the sum of $7,070.09, be approved,

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

J.T. WATTERS WHOLESALE	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of John J.

LIQUOR LICENSE	DeLuca for a wholesale liquor license and importer’s beverage

liquor license at 120 and 122 North Second Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GUS KLEIN	  Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Gus Klein for

LIQUOR LICENSE	a retail liquor license at South Main and Charleston Streets

be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSES GRANTED:    Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming licenses

be granted:

R.	G. Garner	DeLuxe Cafe	127 S. 2nd	1	slot

Frank C. Kernan	Love Cafe	1500 S. 5th	1	slot

J.	K. Houssels	Las Vegas Club	23 Fremont	1	dice game

M. B. Abrams	Fremont Arcade	105 Fremont	1	Lucky	Lucre

Louis DuBois	Las Vegas Barbecue	22 Fremont.	3	slots

Joe Morgan	Silver Club	108 N. 1st	1	"21"

Ted Konduris	Southwestern Liquor Store	101 Carson	1	slot

Charlie Welch	Jone's Cafe	119 First	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

K.	& M. PLAT	    Commissioner Bates moved that the approval of the Board on the K.

& M. Plat be and the same hereby is withheld for the reason that
it does not comply with the City’s requirements and specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS      The report of the Building, Plumbing, and the Electrical Departments
RECEIVED  	for the month of July and the report of the Police Department for the

month of June having been received and read at this time, were
ordered filed.

STREETS - CURBS	Commissioner Bates moved that the report of the City Manager on the

NEW SUBDIVISION	status of various subdivisions relative to streets and crubs, as 

submitted, be referred back to the City Manager for further information.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.
FINANCIAL REPORT	Commissioner Smith moved that the Financial Report of the

City covering the period from January 1 to June 30, 1944
prepared by the City Auditor, and submitted by Mr. McCall,
be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	   Commissioner Smith moved that the City Attorney be instructed

to draw up an application directed to the State Finance 

Commission for permission to borrow $25,000. for the City Street
Department; further, that the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign said application when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION:	  That certain petition and agreement, dated June 16, 1944, 

WOODLAND PARK ADDITION     addressed to the Board of City Commissioners signed by property

owners of Woodland Park Addition requesting the City to furnish
an adequate supply of water for domestic use, etc., having been
received and discussed, Commissioner Bates moved that the petition
be denied, and that the City Attorney be instructed to write to
the petitioners stating the position of the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BUILDING CODE VIOLATION	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board of City Commissioners

approve the action taken by the City Manager in granting Roy
Buwbalow until August 12th to comply with the building code of
the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPHYLAXIS STATION:	  City Manager, Charles C. McCall, made the following report on

WESTSIDE	the status of the Westside Prophylactic Station:

"Building purchased at cost of $255.

Army has been contacted and it has agreed to remove the
building.

Our cost will be approximately $500, as authorized.”

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FEDERAL PUBLIC HOUSING   Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be
AUTHORITY TAXES	authorized to execute that certain document entitled, 

"Authorization to Receive Money Disbursed by the United States of
America pursuant to Section 306 of Public Law 849, 76th Congress,
(54th Statute 1125 Lanham Act, as amended).

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ALTURAS AVENUE	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to

 	open, grade and gravel Alturas Avenue as shown on Drawing No.

B-101-D, on file in the Engineer's Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWER SYSTEM LEASE	  Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized

  to negotiate with the F. W. A. for the purpose of entering

into a lease agreement with the government for the sewer system; 
further, that he be authorized to offer them $1,000 a year as
rental, said rental to apply on the purchase price which will
be decided after the war.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT: INSTRUMENT	Commissioner Bates moved that that certain proposed agreement

LANDING SYSTEM, LOCALIZER     as submitted by the United States of America for an instrument
AND PATH UNIT.	  landing system, localizer and glide path unit at the Las Vegas

Airport be referred to the City Attorney for correction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
WESTSIDE PLAYGROUND	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager he authorized

to temporarily barricade Adams Street and the alley between
Adams and Jefferson Streets, both of which lie between "C"
and "D" on Westside, for playground purposes at the Westside
U.S.O.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

APPLICATION SEWER	      Commissioner Smith moved that the request of Neeley-Myers

CONTRACTOR	that the plumbing ordinance be amended to provide for and

independent license for sewer contractors be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION: GAMBLING  	Commissioner Smith moved that that certain petition filed with

ESTABLISHMENTS	the City Clerk on August 2nd, 1944, by proprietors of licensed

gambling establishments in the City of Las Vegas petitioning
said Board to extend the closing hour to 4 am instead of 2 am
be held over for further consideration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALARY: CITY ENGINEER     Commissioner Smith moved that the City Commissioners ratify the

action of the City Manager in increasing the salary for the City
Engineer from $300 to $350 per month which has been the established
salary for that office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALARIES	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the following persons be granted

a raise in salary as of August 15th:

Frank Partie from $250 to $275 per month.

M. E. Leavitt from $250 to $275 a month.

Harold Case from $275 to $300 a month.

Earle Davis from $225 to $275 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until August 22nd at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Las Vegas, Nevada

	August 14, 1944

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS
NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Commissioners' Council Chamber in the War Memorial
Building on Monday, the 14th day of August, 1944, at the hour of 10.00 am, to act
upon the following business:

1.	To act upon the Petition and receive and act upon
report of the Planning Commission concerning the
vacation of a portion of Charleston Avenue and
Maryland Parkway in Las Vegas, Nevada, and any other
matters that might be brought before the Board.

_______E. W. Cragin___________

Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, and to Pat Clark, Walter Bates, Al Corradetti, A. F. Smith, Sr.,

and Charles C. McCall, Commissioners, Mayor and City Manager of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued
by Mayor E. W. Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on Monday,August 14, 1944 at the hour of 10.00
A.M. in the Council Chamber at the War Memorial Building to consider the following
business:

1. To act upon the Petition and receive and act upon
report of the Planning Commission concerning the
vacation of a portion of Charleston Avenue and
Maryland Parkway in Las Vegas, Nevada and any other
matters that might be brought before the Board.

Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

E.W. Cragin_________________ A.Corradetti____________________________________________

Walter B. Bates_____________ A. F. Smith, Sr.________________________________________

Pat Clark___________________ Chas. C. McCall_________________________________________

At a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this fourteenth day of August, 1944:	Meeting called

to order at the hour of 10.00 am by His Honor, Mayor
E. W. Cragin, with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith;

City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed; City Manager, Charles C.
McCall.

NOTICE OF HEARING	Commissioner Clark moved that the following action be

approved:

A Petition heretofore having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, asking for
the vacation of certain specified portions of Charleston Boulevard and Maryland Parkway, in
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada and said Petition having been by an order of this
Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and said Planning
Commission having reported to this Board, by filing as its report a Plat entitled, "Amendment
to Plats of Huntridge Subdivisions Tracts 1, 2, and 3", bearing the approval of said City
Planning Commission, and said Plat also bearing the approval of the City Engineer, and a
dedication executed by the owners of the Lots affected thereby, and it further appearing
from the said Plat and from said report that said Planning Commission has approved the
vacation of the following described portion of Charleston Boulevard, to-wit:

All that portion of Charleston Boulevard, lying South of a line drawn
parallel to the center line of Charleston Boulevard, as adopted by
the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada, and located 

uniformly ninety feet south of said center line, where said Charleston
Boulevard abuts Huntridge Subdivisions Tracts 1, 2, and 3;

and also approved the vacation of the following portions of Maryland Parkway to-wit:

All that portion of the west side of Maryland Parkway, where the
same adjoins Block 24, of Huntridge Subdivision Tract 2, as per
plat on file in Book 2 of Plats, page 32, Clark County, Nevada,

Records, lying west of a line drawn parallel to the center line
of said Maryland Parkway and uniformly fifty-five feet west of
said center line; and also all that portion of the east side of
Maryland Parkway where the same adjoins Block 25 of Tract 3, of
said Huntridge Subdivision, as per plat on file in Book 2 of
Plats, page 54, Clark County, Nevada, Records, lying east of a
line drawn parallel to the center line of Maryland Parkway and
located uniformly fifty-five feet east of said center line.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT ORDERED:	That a public hearing on said petition and

recommendation of said Planning Board, be had on the 22nd day of September, 1944,
at the hour of 3.30 o'clock P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of 

Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building, located at the northwest corner of Fifth
and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada; and be it further

ORDERED:	That said Petitioners cause notice of said hearing, which shall be

signed by the City Clerk, to be posted in three places on the south side of Charleston
Boulevard, between Tenth and Fifteenth Streets, and also in two places on said Maryland
Parkway, adjacent to said Blocks 24 and 25, in which Notice there shall be set forth the
extent of the proposed vacation:	and be it further

ORDERED:	That said notice be posted at least thirty days, and not more than

forty days, before the date so fixed for said hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin,
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until August 22, 1944 at the hour of 2.00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 22, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held the twenty-second day of August, 1944:	Meeting

called to order at the hour of 2.30 p.m. by His Honor
	Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith;

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; City Clerk, Helen Scott
Reed; City Manager, Charles C. McCall.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of August
seven and the minutes of the Special Meeting of August
fourteenth be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS 	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims No. 173 to

180, inclusive, in the sum of $14,283.94 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL  	Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material Claims

CLAIMS	Nos. 172, 181 and 182, inclusive, in the sum of $6,215.32

be approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Bates moved that the City approve the
action of the Planning Commission relative to
Zoning Case No. 4, thereby allowing the residential
property at 2040 West Bonanza Road to be used as a
guest ranch provided no commercial or business us of
any type other than a guest house be permitted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of C. R.
Thomas for a Retail Beverage License at Tillie's Cafe,

1039 South Main Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City Com-
missioners accept all of Lot 1 and that portion of
Lot 2, Block 2, as recorded in Huntridge Tract No. 2
and Lot 2, Block 2, Huntridge Tract No. 1, as recorded
in the County Recorder's Office for a fire station site.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following Notice of
of Intention to vote on a resolution to secure an emergency
loan be approved and that said Notice of Intention be
published in the "Review-Journal".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

TILLIE’S CAFE 
BEER LICENSE

FIRE STATION SITE	

EMERGENCY LOAN APPLICATION

ZONING CASE NO. 4
G. A. Morehouse and
Gertrude Morehouse
2040 West Bonanza Road

      NOTICE OF INTENTION TO VOTE
ON A RESOLUTION TO SECURE
AN EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS there is a great necessity and emergency for the securing of cash to
continue the program for repair and maintenance of streets within the confines of the
City of Las Vegas during the remaining portion of 1944, and

WHEREAS the 1944 Budget of the City of Las Vegas does not have adequate funds
to meet the necessary expenditures for the maintenance and repair of said streets, and

WHEREAS the delay of repair and maintenance to such streets will be unwise and
uneconomical, and

WHEREAS the only method of supplying funds to do this work is through an
emergency loan;

IT IS THE INTENTION OF THE Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, to declare the existence of a great necessity and emergency to meet
the payroll and expenses necessitated by the existence of the need for such repairs and
maintenance of the streets of the City of Las Vegas, and to request the State Board of
Finance of the State of Nevada to grant to the City of Las Vegas authority to make an
emergency loan of Twenty-five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00.), or whatever part thereof the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deem necessary or expedient to borrow,
at an interest rate not to exceed eight percent (8%) per annum; and to provide, in the
subsequent annual budgets of the City of Las Vegas, for the repayment thereof, both principal
and interest, in accordance with the provisions of the Statutes of the State of Nevada.

IT IS THE INTENTION of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to vote on the adoption of the aforementioned resolution on the seventh day of September,

1944 at the Chambers of the City Commission in the City Hall at Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada at 2.30 p.m. on such date, at which time any person or persons wishing to object
to the adoption of said resolution are Invited to appear and voice such objection.
REVENUE DUE CITY 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City make demand

FROM COUNTY	on the County of Clark for that certain amount of

money due the City under an Act of Legislature,

Section 5394 NCL - 1929.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

SEWAGE SYSTEM RENTAL      Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be

directed to answer the letter from the F. W. A.
regarding rental of sewage system and to state that
the City at this time could not afford more than
$1,000.00. a year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

LICENSE COLLECTOR  	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be

DOG TAX	authorized to deputize four persons to act as

license collectors for the collection of dog tax,
said deputies to be satisfactory to the City Clerk;
further, that said deputies act without salary, and
the City to furnish a bond in the sum of $1,000.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

STREET DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Clark moved that the following wage

WAGE SCALE	scale, as revised for the Street Department, be

approved:

SALARY ADJUSTMENT
STREET DEPARTMENT
EFFECTIVE SEPT. 1, 1944

Position	Old Schedule	New Schedule

Foreman	$ 225.00	$ 240.00

Chief Mechanic	220.00	240.00

Mechanics & Tradesmen	200.00	200.00 -	220.00

Truck Driver	180.00	-	185.00	185.00

Skilled Labor	180.00	-	190.00	190.00

Blade Operators	190.00	200.00

Sweeper Operators	190.00	190.00

Clerk	225.00	200.00

Common Labor	150.00	- 160.00 - 175.00	165.00 -	170.00 - 175.00

This change is recommended by Mr. M. E. Leavitt.

The increases will raise the monthly payroll 

approximately $150.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and his Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS - FIRE HOSE	Bids from the following firms were received and opened on

fire hose:

Eureka Fire Hose Company - 8W. Hillman Building - Los
Angeles, California - 600 feet Paragon Multiple Brass Fittings
N.S.T. @ 90 cents a foot - total bid - $540.00.

American Rubber Manufacturing Company - Oakland, California.

600 feet, 1½ inch double jacket, cotton rubber lined, Cracker-
Jack Brand, coupled 50 foot length brass fittings N.S.T. @

90 cents a foot - total bid $540.00.



Clark County Wholesale Company - no bid submitted.

McQuay Supply Company - no bid submitted.

Standard Wholesale Company of Las Vegas, Nevada alternated bid:

600 foot 1½ inch release, double jacket fire hose, coupled
600 foot length - 2608 length @ $.5216 a foot - total bid
$312.96.

Eureka Fire Hose Company - supplemental bid -

600 foot, l½ inch leader line, 2 part multiple - 750 a foot -

total bid $460.00.

600 foot - l½ inch Trojan jacket - 65¢ a foot - total bid $510.00.
600 foot - l½ inch White Oak double - 75¢ a foot - total $450.00.
600 foot - 1½ inch Northern Double - 70¢ a foot - total $420.00.
600 foot - 1½ inch Southland Double - 65¢ a foot - total $390.00.
Commissioner Clark moved that the hid of the Eureka
Fire Hose Company for 600 foot of Paragon Multiple
Brass Fittings N.S.T. at 90 cents a foot, making a
total of $540.00., be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

BIDS - CRUSHED  	Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of U. S.

GRAVEL CHIPS	Limestone Products of Sloan, Nevada for 250 to 1500

tons of l¼ inch to 1/16 inch crushed stone or crushed
gravel chips f.o.b. plant at Sloan, Nevada, to be
loaded by City Equipment in the sum of 50¢ per 2000
pounds be accepted, this being the only bid received.

Commissioner Clark seconded the motion; carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RIGHT OF WAY		Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed

SHADOW STREET 	to confer with the County Commissioners relative to

their cooperation in obtaining right of way on Shadow
Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;noes, none.

AIR COMPRESSOR		Commissioner Bates moved that the Purchasing Agent be

STREET DEPARTMENT 	instructed to purchase an Ingersoll-Rand 5 horsepower

air compressor for $398.00. for the Street Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AMENDED BUDGET	Commissioner Clark moved that the amended budget for

1944 as submitted be accepted subject to the approval
of the State Tax Commission; that the City Auditor be
directed to go to Carson City, Nevada, to confer with
the State Tax Commissioner, Mr. Allard, on the amended
budget; that all necessary expenses incurred on the
trip be taken care of by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROJECT NEV.26-130-N	The following resolution was presented to the Board

RESOLUTION	for its consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, The United States of America has made request to the City of Las Vegas
that it approve the wage rate schedule heretofore submitted on August 18, 1944, on Project
Nev. 26-130-N, and

WHEREAS, the said City of Las Vegas, as offeree for said wage rate schedule
has deemed said wage rate schedule desirable for the Project hereinabove mentioned,

NOW, THEREFORE, Be it resolved by the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that said wage rate schedule hereinabove mentioned be and the same is hereby accepted as
the effective wage rate schedule on Project Nevada 26-130-N.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution be
accepted:

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION:	The following resolution was presented to the Board for

Project Nevada 26-130-N	its consideration:
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, The United States of America has on this date made a grant offer
to the City of Las Vegas of F.W.A. Project Nevada 26-130-N, wherein the United States
of America offers to the City of Las Vegas a grant of $32,440.00. to aid the City of
Las Vegas in financing, acquiring, and constructing public works consisting of fire
station facilities, including necessary land and equipment, and

WHEREAS, all contributions of said grant offered as fully set forth in F.W.A.
form No. W-100, dated October 15, 1943, are acceptable,

NOW, THEREFORE, Be it Resolved by the City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that said offer be and the same is hereby accepted and the Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas together with the City Clerk thereof are empowered to execute the ac-
ceptance of said offer and any other document or documents necessary to be executed
in order to complete the acceptance of said grant offer.

Commissioner Bates moved the adoption of the foregoing
resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLAIM 	Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and the City

#56-0-49	Clerk be authorized to sign claim #56-0-49, in the sum

of $691.49 on the U.S.. Fidelity & Guaranty Company;
that copy of minute order and claim be forwarded to
Bonding Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that
it adjourn until September seventh at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Smith, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this seventh day of September, 1944:	Meeting called

to order at the hour of 2 p.m. by His Honor, Mayor E. W.
Cragin, with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener,
      Jr.; City Manager, Charles C. McCall and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the meeting
held August twenty-second be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS APPROVED	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 183-190

in the sum of $15,669.64 be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL 	Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material Warrants

WARRANTS	No. 191 and 192, inclusive, in the sum of $7,574.78 be

approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
GAMING LICENSES		Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

GRANTED	Frank M. Bollig for a license of seven slot machines at

	the City Drug, 231 Fremont Street, and the application

of Jack Furnace for a license for two slot machines at
Tillie’s Cafe, 1039 South Main Street, he granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS 	The reports of the Building, Plumbing, and Electrical

Departments for the month of August, 1944, were presented,
read, and ordered filed.

AUDITOR'S REPORT 	Commissioner Bates moved that the report of the City

Auditor relative to his trip to Carson City on matters
relating to the Amended Budget for 1944 and his expense
account thereto, be accepted, approved, and copied into
the minutes.

TO:	Charles C. McCall, City Manager	FROM:	T.E.Fennessy, City Auditor

DATE: September 6, 1944
SUBJECT:	Trip to Reno and Carson City

August 31, 1944

On August 31, 1944, in accordance with instructions, I travelled to Reno and Carson
City on City business relative to the budget, needed equipment, etc.

The results were quite successful and are recorded here for your information:

1. Amended State Budget was discussed with Mr. Allard and is acceptable for present-
ation.

(a)	Joint Planning Commission expenses may be budgeted for our share only by using
our Unapportioned Clearing account.

(b)	Outstanding Checks and Unclaimed Wages should be recorded on the City records
and retained thereon for the period specified in the Statute of Limitations.

(c)	Purchases for others (County, Red Cross, etc.) may be handled through Unapportioned
Clearings as a non-budget item.

(d) If Special Funds (Cemetery, Bonds, etc.) are provided with funds from taxation
or license collections, they must be included in the budget.

(e)	Our method of purchasing for "Stores" and later transferring to departments is
satisfactory.

(f)	The proposed method of clearing "prison labor" to a Fines-Prison Labor account,
by drawing a warrant chargeable to the using department is satisfactory.

(g)	The proposal to draw a warrant for outstanding commitments at the year end is
not acceptable to the Tax Commission. We may, however, set aside a contingency
in the departments for the following year to meet these commitments.

(h)	Fire Station:	if approved by the Board of Commissioners, funds may be segregated

in a seperate bank account under the control of the County Treasurer, ex officio
City Treasurer.

(i)	Huntridge Development - We may spend in excess of our budget an amount equal to
the sum "donated” to the City by Huntridge Development. The only State require-
ment is that this Special Fund be listed as a receipt and an expenditure in our
"actual" figures for 1944 when we submit our 1945 budget.

(j)	City Bonds can be refinanced at lower interest rates if the holders of the bonds
are willing to sell or exchange their 6% and 7% holdings for bonds carrying a
lower interest rate. Suggest City Attorney investigate this possibility more fully.

If we find there is 2% or 3% money available, it would be to the distinct advantage
of the local taxpayers to affect a refinancing.

(k)	Emergency loans cannot be made from surplus collections in the General Fund account.
This privilege is reserved to County Governments only. Cities must actually borrow
the funds required for the emergency and pay back the loan in subsequent years,
(within 2½ years); amounts collected in excess of budget carry over to next year.

It is recommended that the City Attorney investigate this decision of the Tax
Commission in relation to the pending $25,000.00 emergency loan.

2.	Called on the State Engineer relative to the obtaining of a Chip Spreader on a rental
basis. Mr. Robert A. Allen, State Highway Engineer, made several long distance calls to various
State Division Offices and located two spreaders. Onewas available for two weeks; the other at
Tonopah was available for 20 to 30 days. He then contacted his travelling engineer, Mr. Walsh,
and instructed him to arrange the shipment of the spreader from Tonopah to Mr. Murphy, State
Division Engineer at Las Vegas, for rental to the city. He further stated that we should use
the Las Vegas spreader also when not in use by the State Department here.

Mr. Allen also suggested including the independent dealers in our future requests for
bids on road oils. He indicated there is a saving of approximately $4.00 per ton, but that
independent deliveries are a little less dependable than the "Standard" companies.

3. State Health Officer checked over his account with us and Is sending a billing for one
quarter that is unpaid. He stated that he has had a very bad report from one of his investigators
on public health conditions in this area. I told him I was not qualified to pass judgment on the
report in any way. He feels we are not getting our $5,000 worth of service and expects to make

a personal inspection soon. He furnished me with pamphlets covering Health & Sanitation for the
use of Mr. Davis, Plumbing Inspector.
 

4. On Saturday morning, I contacted W.P.B. relative to our application to
purchase one garbage dump truck and to check our certificates of War Necessity.

(a)	The application for permission to purchase one dump truck has been
forwarded to Washington, D.C. with approval recommended.

(b)	War Necessity Certificates have been audited with O.D.T. records
at Reno and certificates supplied for trucks not previously covered
by their records.

Amended Budget is now being typed for presentation to the Commissioners at tomorrow's
(9/7/44) meeting.

O.D.T. War Necessity Certificates covering our equipment not previously certified
were received today.

Dr. Hamer's invoice for the third quarter of 1943-4 (Period ending March 31, 1944)
was received this morning and is being processed.

Attached you will find a copy of the expenses involved in making this trip for your
approval.

Respectfully submitted

signed: T. E. Fennessy
City Auditor

ooOoo

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

TO:	T. E. FENNESSY

LAS VEGAS
NEVADA

Date	Article	Price	Amount

8/30	10 gal gas	$.22	$2.20

8/31	13 gal gas	3.50

8/31	5 gal gas	.24	1.20

4 qts oil	.30	1.20

9/1	10	gal	 gas	.215	2.15

9/1	2 nights storage	1.00

9/4	10	gal	gas	.195	1.95

9/4	10	gal	gas	.205	2.05

9/4	5	gal	gas	.195	.98

9/2	2 nights hotel	6.00

local call - Reno	.10

8/31	meals enroute	2.75

9/1	meals at Carson City and Reno	2.50

9/4	meals enroute home	3.00

Oil change and grease job before trip	7.08

Allowance for car use - 1108 miles at $.02	22.16

$59.82

I certify that this demand is true and correct; is unpaid and due the claimant in
the sum of $59.82.

signed: T.E. Fennessy
City Auditor

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

AMENDED BUDGET	The Amended Budget for 1944 was presented to the Board

APPROVED	for its consideration.
CITY BUDGETS	(page 1)

AMENDED

BUDGET OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

1944

Information Required:

Assessed Valuation - -	Actual	Estimated

1943	1944

Real Estate and Improvements	$8,700,855.00	$8,800,000.00

Personal Property (County tax

roll plus Assessor's collections)	1,950,563.00	2,000,000.00

Net proceeds of mines

Total Taxable Property	$l0,65l,418.00	$10,800,000.00

Actual Tax Rate 1943	1.43

Total City Taxes Levied, 1943	152,311.42

A.	Unencumbered balance in City Treasury	on 	January 1, 1944	$	44,562.35

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied,	estimated	$	99,518.14

C.	Nontax Revenues in 1944, estimated	$	434,648.75

D.	Expenditures 1944, estimated	$	592,148.75

E.	Nontax revenues 1945, estimated	$	561,424.51

F.	Expenditures 1945, estimated	$	710,005.00

EXPLANATION:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total balance less warrants outstanding on January 1.

Exclude all special funds.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied in the previous
year and uncollected, and collections from taxes now delinquent.

C.	See Schedule No. 1, Col. 2.

D.	See Schedule No. 2.,Col. 2.

E. See Schedule No. 1, Col. 3.

F. See Schedule No. 2, Col. 3.

# # # # # #

SCHEDULE NUMBER 1	(page 2)

----AMENDED------	

REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

General Fund:	Actual	Estimated	Estimated

_1943	1944	1945

Licenses	$208,259.97	$ 304,838.75	$305,000.00

Fines and fees	61,777.97	45,600.00	45,000.00

Permits	13,413.20	4,210.00 	4,000.00

Poll Taxes	43,818.00	30,000.00		28,000.00

Sales and rentals	6,762.32	8,000.00	8,000.00

Garbage Disposal	18,846.85	26,000.00	28,000.00

Water Operations	-

Electric Operations	-	-

Sewer Operations	-	-

Interest on city funds	-	-

Percent corporate earnings	-	-

County road fund	-	-

Airports	4,846.01	4,500.00	4,500.00

Tourist camps	-	-

Bond sales	-	-

Emergency loans	-	126,000.00

Special street Improvements	-	-

Miscellaneous	379.95	1,500.00	924.51

Donations for Civilian Defense	2,513.85

Planning Commission	1,715.55

Cemetery Fund	9,261.00	10,000.00	12,000.00

Total	$371,594.67	$434,648.75	$561,424.51
Administration salaries	$ 45,821.75	$	64,446.11	$67,000.00

Administration Expenses	13,868.66	13,817.50	16,200.00

Police Salaries	92,524.29	85,180.00	87,000.00

Police department expenses	22,080.99	24,277.00	74,000.00

Fire department salaries	58,296.64	57,738.00	66,000.00

Fire department expenses	18,459.73	28,350.00	36,000.00

Street department salaries	50,040.73	50,647.00	55,000.00

Street department expenses	33,848.85	49,250.00	75,000.00

City parks	7,364.67	8,780.00	17,000.00

Legal expenses	3,561.54	3,125.00	3,500.00

City court	1,540.00	3,790.00	4,500.00

Electric lights and power	13,833.13	16,088.00	20,000.00

Motor vehicles - included in depts.	-	-

Sewage disposal and sewer maintenance	14,441.81	31,361.58	32,500.00

Health and sanitation and garbage	52,651.73	70,456.00	67,000.00

Civilian Defense	4,004.41

Airports	396.42	830.00	600.00

City Hall expense	2,457.11	4,650.00	4,500.00

Insurance fire	-	-	-

Insurance, all	14,767.93	18,400.00	15,800.00

Elections	2,576.87	-	3,000.00

Bond redemption	12,500.00	13,500.00	13,500.00

Bond interest	6,495.00	5,730.00	4,905.00

Recreation and educational	15.103.31	17,653.31	33,000.00

Miscellaneous	4,040.90	2,000.00	2,000.00

Cemetery fund	7,032.47	17,079.25	12,000.00

Emergency loan	51,093.78	-

Land Acquisition	-	5,000.00

TOTAL:	$548,802.72	$592,148.75	$710,005.00

# # # #

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2	(page 3)

AMENDED

CITY EXPENDITURES
AMENDED

BUDGET FORMULA	(page 5)

RECEIPTS	EXPENDITURES

A.	Unencumbered balance January 1, 1944	$44,562.35

B.	Revenue from taxes already levied	99,518.14

C. Nontax revenues 1944	434,648.75

D.	Expenditures	1944	$592,148.75

E. Nontax revenues 1945	561,424.51

F.	Expenditures	1945	710,005.00

G.	Balance, taxes to be levied	162,000.00

Total (Receipts equal expenditures)	$ 1,302,153.75	$ 1,302,153.75

H.	Divide G. by assessed valuation to

find tax rate	$	1.50	$	1.50

Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935:	"Upon the preparation and completion

of said budget, it shall be signed by the governing board of such city, town, municipality,
school district, county high school or high school district, or educational district, and
the several sums set forth in said budget under estimated expenditures for the then current
year shall be thereby appropriated for the several purposes therein named for the said then
current year”.

We hereby approve the above budget of the City of Las Vegas for the year 1944:

E. W. Cragin__________

Mayor

A. Corradetti_____________ ______

Councilman

(Seal of the City of Las Vegas,	A. F. Smith. Sr.

Clark County, Nevada)			Councilman

Walter B. Bates

Attest:	Councilman

Helen Scott Reed	Pat Clark________________________

-------City Clerk-----------                                            Councilman

Dated September 7, 1944______

# # ##

AMENDED	(page 6)

FORM FOR PUBLICATION
CITY BUDGET 1944

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the Year Ending December
31, 1944, as provided by Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935.

Assessed Valuation

Actual	Estimated

1943	1944

Assessed Valuation:

Real Estate and Improvements	$8,700,855.00	$8,800,000.00

Personal Property	1,950,563.00	2,000,000.00

Net proceeds of mines

Total	$l0,651,418.00	$l0,800,000.00

Actual	Estimated

1943	1944

Receipts:

Licenses	$	208,259.97	$	304,838.75

Fines and Fees, inc. garbage	80,624.82	71,600.00

Permits and inspections	13,413.20	4,210.00

Poll Taxes		43,818.00	30,000.00

County road funds -	-

Rentals and sales	11,608.33	12,500.00

Percent corporate earnings
Bond sales and loans

Miscellaneous	13,870.35	11,500.00

Taxes collected	156.221.34	157.500.00

$	527,816.01	$	592,148.75

Expenditures:

Administration	$	59,690.41	$	78,263.61

Police Department	114,605.28	109,457.00

Fire Department	76,756.37	86,088.00

Streets and alleys	83,889.58	99,897.00

Power, light and water	13,833.13	16,088.00

City Court and legal expenses	5,101.54	6,915.00

Health and sanitation	52,651.73	70,456.00

Sewage disposal	14,441.81	31,361.58

Motor vehicle expense

City parks	7,364.67	8,780.00

Debt redemption and interest	18,995.00	19,230.00

Miscellaneous	101.473.20	65.612.56

	 		

Total	$	548,802.72	$	592,148.75



City Tax Rate	$	1.43	$	1.50
The above is a true and correct statement of the
estimated receipts and expenditures of the City
of Las Vegas for the current year as required by
Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935.

signed:	E. W.Cragin_____

Attest:	Mayor

Helen Scott Reed_______

City Clerk

Dated: September 7, 1944

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing amended budget
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RACE TRACK AND BARNS 	Commissioner Bates moved that Kal Houssels be permitted to

rent the race track and barns for the period September 10,

1944 to January 10. 1945 at $75.00 per month and that the
City Attorney be directed to draft an agreement; the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SCOTCH 80		Commissioner Clark moved that the Board recommend to the

RECOMMENDATION	Planning Commission that Paragraph 2 of the Dedication

appearing on the Amended Plat of Scotch 80 be deleted;
that arrangements for street improvements, fire protection
and sanitary facilities be made before the said Plat will
be approved by the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALARY RAISES 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following salary

raises for the Fire and the Police Department be approved:

Fire Department:	Firemen -	from 	200	to	210 a	month

Drivers -	from 	200	to	215 a	month

Captains -	from	 230 to 	same

Chief -	from	 300	 to 	same

Police Department:

Patrolmen - from 200 to 210 a month
 Detectives- from 210 to 220 a month
Sergeants -	from	220	to	230 a	month

Captains -	from	240	to	250 a	month

Chief - 300 the same.

said salary raises to become effective after three months'
employment; further that the salary of John Williams, 

rodman in the Engineering Department, be raised from $150 to
$160 a month. Salary raises to become effective as of
September 15, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



INSPECTOR OF 	Commissioner Bates moved that Jack Crostwaite be hired as

POLICE HIRED	inspector of police at $3600 a year, services to begin

as soon as Mr. Crostwaite is available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN 	The following resolution was presented to the Board for

its consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS there is a great necessity and emergency for the securing of cash to continue the
program for repair and maintenance of streets within the confines of the City of Las Vegas for
the remaining portion of 1944, and

WHEREAS, the 1944 Budget of the City of Las Vegas does not have adequate funds to meet
the necessary expenditures for the maintenance and repair of said streets, and

WHEREAS, the delay of repair and maintenance to such streets will be unwise and uneconomical,

and

WHEREAS, the only method of supplying funds for doing this work is through an emergency loan,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners that the City of Las Vegas
do borrow the sum of Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00) or whatever part thereof the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow, at an
interest rate of not to exceed eight percent (8%) per annum, and provide in the subsequent annual
budgets for the repayment thereof, of both principal and interest, within the period of two (2)
years from the date of borrowing said sum, and
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that	the Mayor and	City Clerk, be and they are hereby

authorized	and empowered to 	make, execute, and	 deliver such promissory note or notes

and other evidence of indebtedness as may be necessary from time to time to carry
into effect this resolution, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that	the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas execute and

deliver a certified copy of	this	resolution to	the State Board of Finance of the

State of Nevada.

The foregoing resolution was read aloud and adopted at the regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the seventh day of
September, 1944:	

Voting aye; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
Mayor Cragin.	

Voting no:	None

Absent:	None

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed	signed:	E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(City Seal)

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



BIDS ON HARDWARE	Bids from the following companies on hardware for the

Stores Department were received at this time and 

referred to the City Auditor for tabulation:

Standard Wholesale Supply Company - Las Vegas
Momsen - Dunnegan - Ryan Co., Arizona Division, Phoenix, Ariz.
Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company - Las Vegas
	The Salt Lake Hardware Company - Salt Lake City, Utah

BID ON CAR	A bid of James R. Nay of $50.00 on a city-owned Ford

car was received.	

AMERICAN LEGION		A letter of appreciation together with a Resolution

passed at the Department Convention of the American
Legion thanking the City of Las Vegas for its
hospitality during their State Convention was read
	to the Board and ordered filed.

FLAG POLE BALL	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be

directed to write a letter of thanks to Mr. Frank
Case of Basic Magnesium, Inc. for the magnesium
ball presented to the City to be placed on top of
the flag pole in front of the War Memorial Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTSIDE MILITARY 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed

FIRST AID STATION	to turn over to the Army the Westside Military First Aid

Station which has been completed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the
Board at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that
the meeting adjourn until September the twenty-second
at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 
Las Vegas, Nevada

September 22, 1944

    At a regular meeting of the Board of City 

     Commissioners held this twenty-second day of

September, 1944:	Meeting called to order by

His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of
2.30 p.m. with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and
Smith; City Manager, Charles C. McCall and City
Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the
last regular meeting held September seventh, 1944,
be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	   Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims Nos.

	193 to 201. inclusive, in the sum of $15,297.81

be approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,Clark,

	Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL	   Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material

WARRANTS	Warrants Nos. 202 and 203, inclusive, in the sum

of $7,762.90 be approved; the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

BIDS ON CEMETERY PIPE		Bids for the laying of pipe at Woodlawn Cemetery

Annex No. 1 were opened from the following firms:

Larkin Plumbing & Heating Company -	$5,678.32

City permits and fees not included

Belsmith Company	-	6,259.00

Howard L. Chambers	-	4,950.00

Neeley-Myers	-	5,420.00

The bids were referred to the City Auditor for tabul-
ation and held up for a future meeting.

ELECTRICAL EXAMINING		Mayor Cragin appointed the following persons to the

BOARD		Electrical Examining Board:

Harvey Luce - representing the Contractor
           E.D. Wilson -	"	" Southern Nevada Power Co.

	R. J. Reitz	"	" Journeyman

Commissioners Smith and Clark from the Board of City
Commissioners; said appointments to be for a term of
two years, effective this date.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bates moved that the 

appointments to the Board of Electrical Examiners be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

F.W.A. LEASE	    Commissioner Bates moved that the F. W. A. Lease on the

SEWERAGE SYSTEM	Sewerage System be referred to the City Attorney for a

report at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
	following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

	Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WOODLAWN CEMETERY		Commissioner Clark moved that the Plat of Woodlawn

ANNEX NO. 1	Cemetery Annex No. 1 be approved and the Mayor and City

Clerk authorized to sign some.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,
GRAVE SITES		Commissioner Bates moved that permission be granted

OLD CEMETERY	to the Cemetery Board to convert for use of graves

every other walkway in Pits J. and in the old
cemetery as per recommendation of the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

V-D WARD	   Commissioner Clark moved that the report of the City

Manager relative to the cost of the V-D Ward at the
County Hospital amounting to $1,391.92 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,

	none.

PETITION	 	At this time, the Clerk presented a petition to the

Board signed by numerous property-owners requesting
the Board to order George Bondley to remove junk cars
at 1403 South 2nd Street and an adjoining lot, which
is a violation of the zoning ordinance.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bates moved that George 3ondley
be directed to remove said cars and clean up said lots
by the first of October, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CHAMBER OF COMMERCE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the request of the

Chamber of Commerce to rent part of the City Library
Building, be denied for the reason that all of said
building is needed for library purposes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

     Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CURFEW	Commissioner Bates moved that the Chief of Police be

directed to enforce the following regulations for
juveniles, effective as of this date:

All boys and girls under the age of 16 years be off the
streets at 9.30 p.m;

All boys and girls over 16 years of age and under 18
years of age to be off the streets at 11 p.m.; further

that the curfew ring at 9.30 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLUMBERS EXAMINATION 	At this time, Mayor Cragin appointed Messrs. Howard L.

BOARD	Chambers, E. P. Tate and Earl Davis to the Plumbers

Examination Board for one year, effective this date.

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing 

appointments be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HARDWARE PURCHASE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Purchasing Agent be

directed to purchase hardware at the lowest bid per item,
as per bids heretofore submitted by four dealers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESIGNATION OF LLOYD TRITLE	Commissioner Bates moved that the resignation of Lloyd

Tritle from the Recreation Board, the Library Board,
and the Golf Board, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HUNTRIDGE DEVELOPMENT	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve that

COMPANY - AGREEMENT	 	certain agreement between the Huntridge Development Company

and the City of Las Vegas relative to parks in the
Huntridge Subdivision Area and the Mayor and the City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
CHARLESTON BOULEVARD	ORDER VACATING PORTION OF STREET

VACATION THEREOF	 

A petition, dated June 6, 1944, signed by three 

freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board,
petitioning for the vacation of a portion of Charleston Boulevard and Maryland Parkway,
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark,County, Nevada, and said petition having been by an
Order of said Board referred to the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
and said Planning Commission having reported to this Board, by filing as its report, a
plat entitled, "Amendment to Plats of Huntridge Subdivision Tracts 1, 2, and 3", bearing
the approval of said City Planning Commission, and said plat also bearing the approval
of the City Engineer, and a dedication by the owners of the Lots affected thereby, and
it further appearing from said Plat and from said report that said Planning Commission
has approved the vacation of the portions of Charleston Boulevard and Maryland Parkway,
hereinafter described;

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held
August 14, 1944, set September 22, 1944 at 3:30 o’clock p.m. at the Commissioners' Room
of the Board of Commissioners in the War Memorial Building, located at the northwest
corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada, as the time and place for a
public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and ordered Petitioners to cause
notice of said hearing to be posted as in said Order provided, which notice was to set
forth the extent of the proposed vacation;

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Thomas A. Oakey,
filed with the Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy
of which is attached to said Affidavit, was posted on the 15th day of August, 1944, in
the manner prescribed by said Order;

And this being the time fixed for the hearing of said
Petition and recommendation, and no person appearing to object to or contest said Petition
and recommendation, and this Board after hearing evidence in support of said recommendation
and Petition, and being satisfied that the public will not be materially injured by such
proposed vacation;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED:	That the following described portion of Charleston Boulevard, to-

wit:

All that portion of Charleston Boulevard, lying south of a line drawn parallel
to the center line of Charleston Boulevard, as adopted by the State Highway
Department of the State of Nevada, and located uniformly ninety feet south of
said center line, where said Charleston Boulevard abuts Huntridge Subdivisions
Tracts 1, 2, and 3;

and the following described portions of Maryland Parkway, to-wit:

All that portion of the west side of Maryland Parkway, where the same adjoins
Block 24, of Huntridge Subdivision Tract 2, as per plat on Huntridge Subdivision
Tract 2, as per plat on file in Book 2 of Plats, page 32, Clark County, Nevada,
Records, lying west of a line drawn parallel to the center line of said Maryland
Parkway and uniformly fifty-five feet west of said center line; and also all that
portion of the east side of Maryland Parkway where the same adjoins Block 25, of
Tract 3, of siad Huntridge Subdivision, as per plat on file in Book 2 of Plats
page 54, Clark County, Nevada, Records, lying east of a line drawn parallel to
the center line of Maryland Parkway and located uniformly fifty-five feet east
of said center line;

be and the same are hereby vacated, and the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby ordered and
directed to execute the plat above mentioned, filed herein by the City Planning Commission
and bearing its approval

Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the foregoing
order, which motion was seconded by Commissioner Bates.

A vote was then taken with Commissioners Smith, Corradetti,
Bates, Clark and His Honor, the Mayor, voting aye; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Clark moved its
adjournment until ten am. September the twenty-ninth
1944..

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Las Vegas, Nevada

September 29, 1944

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners held this twenty-ninth
day of September, 1944:	Meeting called to

order at the hour of 10.15 am by His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and Smith; City Manager, Charles C. McCall and
  City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of
September twenty-second be corrected following
the minute order regarding Huntridge Development
Co. Agreement to show that the Board recessed at
2.30 p.m. and reconvened at 3.30 p.m. for the
purpose of hearing any protests against the 

proposed vacation of a certain portion of Charleston
Boulevard which is more fully described in the
Order of Vacation, 9/22/44 minutes.

There being no protests, Commissioner Bates moved
that the minutes as corrected be approved by
reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

LEAGUE OF NEVADA	At this time, the proposed by-laws of the League

CITIES: BY-LAWS	of Nevada Cities, Inc. were presented to the Board

for its consideration, as follows:

BY- LAWS OF THE LEAGUE OF NEVADA CITIES. INC.

ARTICLE I - NAME

SECTION 1. This Corporation shall be known as "The League of Nevada Cities, Inc."

ARTICLE II - PURPOSES

SECTION 1. That the purpose for which it is formed are:

(a)	To foster periodical conferences, or meetings of city officials for the
discussion of municipal problems and for the purpose of promoting governmental efficiency.

(b)	To foster and disseminate knowledge relating to municipal government by
all appropriate means and to arouse greater interest and more active civic consciousness
among the people as to its importance and significance.

(c)	To publish and circulate publications on municipal and/or technical 

subjects of interest to cities.

(d)	To promote good legislation respecting municipal affairs, and to oppose
such measures as seem to be inimical to public interest.

(e)	To secure harmony of action among cities in matters that affect the rights
and liabilities of the cities.

(f)	To render technical, informational and other services to cities for their
general welfare.

ARTICLE - MEMBERSHIP

SECTION 1. Member Cities. Any city in the State of Nevada may, by proper action of
its legislative body ratifying these by-laws and the payment of such annual dues as may be
prescribed in Section 1 of Article VIII hereof, become a Member City and as such, be
entitled to all the services and privileges of the League. Any Member City may withdraw
from membership in the League by adoption of an appropriate resolution.

SECTION 2. Any city of the State of Nevada may by agreement with the League of Nevada
Cities end payment of the service charge prescribed in Section 1 of Article VIII hereof,
become a Registered City and as such entitled to all the services and privileges of the
League.

SECTION 3. All duly accredited officers and employees of Member Cities and Registered
Cities shall be members of this corporation.

SECTION 4. Honorary members. Any person who has rendered conspicuous service for the
improvement of municipal government, may by the vote of the Board of Directors, be granted
an honorary membership in the League. All ex-presidents of the League shall be Honorary
members. Honorary members as such shall not have a voice or vote in any of the meetings
of the League.

ARTICLE IV - BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SECTION 1. Board of Directors. The affairs of the League shall be conducted by a
Board of Directors composed of the junior past president of the League, who shall serve
for a terra of one (1) year immediately succeeding the completion of his term of office as
president of the League; one Director to be appointed by the governing body of each Member
City prior to each annual conference for a term to commence immediately on the adjournment
of the annual conference. The board shall meet immediately on the adjournment of the Annual
Conference for the purpose of the organization.
SECTION 2. Vacancy. In the event of a vacancy in a directorship, the governing
body of the city represented by such directorship shall appoint a member to fill such
vacancy. A director chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office for the remainder of the
term for which his predecessor was appointed.

SECTION 3. Regulations. The Board of Directors shall adopt such regulations for
its government as it may deem necessary, which regulations shall make provision for
adequate notice to all members of said Board of all meetings thereof, and shall provide
for balloting by mail when it shall not be deemed feasible to call a special meeting.

SECTION 4. Quorum. Except as herein otherwise provided, a majority of the Board
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of all business.

SECTION 5. Compensation - Directors. The Directors shall not receive any 

compensation for their services as such, but, by resolution of the Board shall be entitled to
reimbursement for actual and necessary expenses incurred in the performance of their
duties.

SECTION 6. Reports of Directors. The duties of the Board of Directors shall 

include the making of an annual report to the members of the League at the regular annual
conference showing the work done by the League and its various departments, the financial
condition of the League, and a statement with respect to plans for further work and 

proposed policies of the League.

SECTION 7. Officers. The President and Vice-President shell be elected by the
Board of Directors at the aforesaid organization meeting, from among its own members,
by a majority vote of said Board, and shall serve for a term of one year from and after
the adjournment of the annual conference and until his successor is elected.

In the event of the death, absence or disability of the President and Vice-President,
the Directors may designate from among their own number, a President pro tem.

The Board of Directors shall elect a Treasurer who shall be a member of the League
of Nevada Cities, but who need not be a member of said Board. Said Treasurer shall serve
for one year from and after the adjournment of the annual conference of the League and
until his successor is elected and qualified.

The Board of Directors may elect an Executive Secretary and may employ, or cause to
be employed such deputy Executive Secretaries and such other persons as may be necessary
who need not be members of the League of Nevada Cities. The officers and employees so
selected shall perform such duties and receive such compensation as the Board of Directors
may from time to time prescribe.

SECTION 8. The Board of Directors shall require bonds to be furnished by all employees
handling the finances of the League in such amount as it shall deem desirable or necessary,
said bond to be approved by the President, and the premiums therefor to be paid by the League.

SECTION 9. Program. Prior to each annual conference the Executive Secretary shall
send to each city clerk for distribution to the elective and appointive officials of his
city, a questionnaire-ballot containing a list of appropriate subjects for the program and
requesting the officials to make thereon their first, second and third choices and return them
to League headquarters. The result of the vote shall be sent at once to the chairmen of the
different departments, and, so far as practicable, the choices thus expressed shall be
followed as a guide in preparing the annual conference program.

The Executive Secretary shall give such assistance in preparing the program for each
department as the chairman thereof may request.

A program for the meetings of the entire body shall be arranged by the Executive Secretary
after conference with, and subject to the approval of the Board of Directors, which program
shall be devoted to subjects of general interest to all city officials as distinguished from
subjects which are of interest to a particular department only.

SECTION 10. Headquarters. The Board of Directors shall establish and maintain 

headquarters in the City of Reno and may establish and maintain branch offices in such other
cities as it may deem necessary.

ARTICLE V - DEPARTMENTAL ORGANIZATION

SECTION 1. Departments. There are hereby greeted the following departments of the
League, to-wit:

Department of Mayors, City Managers and Councilmen.

Department of City Attorneys.

Department of City Engineers.

Department of City Health Officers.

Department of City Planners.

Department of Fire Chiefs.

Other departments may be created by resolution at the Annual Conference,

SECTION 2. Organization. Each department shall elect its own chairman,Vice-chairman
and Secretary from its own membership, and shall meet in general sessions of the League and
may provide for departmental meetings at such other times and places as it may deem necessary.

ARTICLE VI - MEETINGS

SECTION 1. Annual Conference. The regular annual conference of the League shall be
held at such time or place as the Board of Directors shall determine.

SECTION 2. Special Meetings. Special Meetings of the League may be called by the
Board of Directors.

SECTION 3. Notice of Meetings. Notice shall be given to all Member and Registered
Cities of the time and place of all regular and special meetings by mailing a written or
printed notice of the same at least fifteen days prior to said meetings; provided, however
that failure to receive such notice shall not invalidate any proceedings at such meeting.
ARTICLE VII - FINANCES

SECTION 1. Budget. Not less than thirty days prior to the first day of January
of each year, the Executive Secretary shall cause to be prepared a detailed budget
setting forth the estimated revenues and expenditures for the ensuing fiscal year
and shall submit such budget to the Board of Directors for its consideration end 

approval.

SECTION 2. Limitation of Expenditures. The Board of Directors shall not incur
indebtedness in excess of the estimated or actual revenues for the ensuing fiscal year.

SECTION 3. Annual Audit. There shall be an annual audit of the accounts of the
League by a certified public accountant prior to the Annual Conference.

ARTICLE VIII

SECTION 1. Dues. The annual dues for Member Cities and the annual service
charge for Registered Cities of the League shall be fixed annually by the Board
of Directors at the time of the adoption of the budget and shall be calculated and
expressed as a percent of the total estimated disbursements of each city as shown
by the budget of each City for the fiscal year immediately preceding the budget
year. Dues shall be payable on or before the first day of April of each year but
may be paid in equal monthly or quarterly instalments.

ARTICLE IX - QUALIFICATIONS TO HOLD OFFICE

SECTION 1. Excepting the office of Executive Secretary, no person shall be
eligible to hold office in the League or any department thereof, unless he is 

officially in municipal service at the time of his election or appointment. In case
he should leave and remain out of public service during his term for a period of
three (3) months or more, his office in the League shall be deemed vacant.

ARTICLE X - VOTING

SECTION 1. Except where otherwise provided, all votings in meetings of the
entire body shall be viva voce, unless a roll call is demanded by the representatives
of three or more cities, in which case the representatives of each Member and
Registered City in good standing shall cast collectively one vote. A majority of
the votes cast shall be necessary for a decision.

ARTICLE XI - COMMITTEES

SECTION 1. Resolutions. On the first day of each annual conference the President
shall appoint a Committee on Resolutions, which committee shall consist of not less
than five (5) city officials in attendance at the conference, preferably officials
who are familiar with the objects of the League and its history.

Except resolutions of courtesy, commendation or condolence, no resolution 

expressing the opinion or policy of the League on any question shall be considered or
discussed by the conference, unless it has been first submitted to and reported on
by said Committee on Resolutions; and no resolution shall be considered or adopted
unless it has some direct relation to municipal affairs.

The Committee on Resolutions shall report from time to time, during the 

conference on the various resolutions presented, and as soon as possible after their
submission. No resolutions shall ever be adopted until an opportunity has been
afforded for full and free debate thereon.

SECTION 2. Credentials. It shall be the duty of the President on the first day
of the Annual Conference, to appoint a Credentials Committee of three (3). In case
of dispute it shall be the duty of this committee to determine the right of a member
to vote.

ARTICLE XII - MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 1. Seal. The Board of Directors shall provide a suitable seal for
the League which shall be in circular form and which shall contain the following
inscription:

"The LEAGUE OF NEVADA CITIES, INC. JULY 31, 1944,

NEVADA".

SECTION 2. Governing Rules. Subject to the provisions of these by-laws,

Robert's Rules of Orders shall prevail at all meetings of the League, the Board of
Directors and in all departments.

ARTICLE XIII - AMENDMENTS

SECTION 1. This constitution may be amended at any annuel conference of the
League by a two-thirds vote, provided the proposed amendment shall have first been
prepared in writing and submitted to the Board of Directors on or before the first
day of the conference; such amendment shall go into effect immediately. If, within
sixty (60) days after the adoption of any amendment, one-third or more of the
Members of Registered Cities protest against such amendment, it shall automatically
be suspended until the next annual conference, when it may be taken up again for
reconsideration end vote as in the first instance. This constitution shall go
into effect immediately upon adoption.

ARTICLE XIV - ADOPTION OF BY-LAWS

SECTION 1. These by-laws may be adopted by the legislative body of any City
in the State of Nevada by passage of an appropriate resolution and by the filing
of a duly certified copy of such resolution with the Secretary of the League.
Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing
by-laws of the League of Nevada Cities, Inc.
be adopted and Commissioner Smith be instructed
to notify the League.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS ON CEMETERY 	Commissioner Smith moved that the bids of the

PIPE - REJECTED	following firms: Larkin Plumbing and Heating

Company, Belsmith Company, Howard L. Chambers,
and Neeley & Myers for the laying of pipe at
Woodlawn Cemetery, Annex No. 1, be rejected,
since the lowest bid was $4,950.00. The City
having only $3,526.90 available as of August
31, 1944 Budget, the City Commissioners for
that reason rejected said bids.

Now therefore, the Board of City Commissioners
authorize the City Manager to proceed with said
work in a progressive manner and to the extent
of the available funds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clerk and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,

 	none.

RECREATION BOARD  	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board ratify the

APPOINTMENTS	action taken by the Recreation Board in appointing

Rev. E. A. Wessell and James Young on said Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

WAR MEMORIAL HALL  	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of

U. S. POST OFFICE	the U.S. Post Office to use the War Memorial Hall

for handling mail from December 18th to 30th, inclusive,
at a rental of $10.00 per day, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RENEWALS	 	The following gaming and liquor applications were

presented to the Board as renewals, for its 

consideration:

Name	Representative	Address	Game

Mark's Food Company	Mark S. Schulman	1300	E.	Fremont	6 slots

Rancho Grande Creamery	Bert O’Donnell	406	S.	Second	1

Fremont Tavern, Inc.	Harold N. McDonald	105	S.	First	3

Ethel’s Family Liquor

Store #1	Ethel Rapoport	28 Fremont	1

Ethel's Family Liquor

Store #2	Ethel Rapoport	409 Fremont	1

Recreation Tavern	V. M. Benton	123 S. Second	4

Recreation Tavern	Herb Ward	123 S. Second    Retail Tavern

Liquor License

Apache Hotel	R. Robert Russell	2nd & Fremont	3 slots

Las Vegas Liquor Store	Charles M. Travis	812	E.	Fremont	1

Al's Bar	Al Salton	111	S.	First	16

Frontier Club	Guy McAfee	117 Fremont	37

1	hopper keno -102 chrs.

3	"21" - 1 Pan

4	Poker and 1 race

horse book

2	crap and 2 roulette
1 race horse keno

State Cafe	M. C. Kress	20 Fremont	4 slots

Gilbert Bros. Grocery	Jimmie Fulcher	Bonanza Rd.	4

Cornet's 5 and 10¢ store	Jimmie Fulcher	218 Fremont	3

Boulder Drug Co.	Harry Farno	121 E. Fremont	10

Underhill’s Bowling Alley	C. C. Underhill	125 S. Second	8

Las Vegas Club	J. K. Houssels	23 Fremont	29 slots

1 Pan

1 roulette	1	Poker

1 crap	3	"21"

1 Faro	1	tango-130chrs.

1 race horse book
1 race horse keno

Turf Club and Bar	Dave & Sam Stearns	15 Fremont	12	slots

1 race horse book

El Cortez Hotel Co.	Joseph Alexa	6th & Fremont	4	slots

El Cortez Hotel Co.	"	" dining room "	"	3

El Cortez Hotel Co.	"	"	lobby	"	"	10

El Cortez Hotel Co.	"	"	casino	"	"	5

2 ”21”

1 roulette
1 crap

John Anton Grocery	Jack Weisburger	1503 S. 5th	2	slots

George Knipp	"	"	1711 Fremont	1

Tivoli Tavern	J. B. Gaut	126 N. 1st	3

DeLuxe Sandwich Shoo	Harold Hunter	127 S. 2nd	3

Sill’s Drive In	Orpha Sill Miller	1002 S. 5th	4
Wimpy’s	Orpha Sill Miller	210	Fremont	3 slots

Pool Hall	Guy McAfee	125	Fremont	9

Robert Griffith

Mandalay Bar	W. E. Greene	111	Fremont	10

Spic N Span Delicatessen   Marton L. Goldring	129	Fremont	1

Dew Drop Inn	Jake Ensley	1315 D. St.	3

Pioneer Cocktail	Lounge    Wm.	Curland	25	Fremont	7

Pioneer Club	"	"	"	"	38	slots

2 pan
7 "21"

2 craps
2 roulette
1 Faro Bank
1 race horse
keno

Kiva Bar	P. 0. Silvagni	2nd & Fremont	8 slots

Apache Cafe	"	"	"	"	3	slots

Apache Cocktail Bar	"	"	"	"	12	slots

Christie & Corey Cafe	George Parry	124	South 1st	3	slots

Jack Pot	Doyle Tinkle	116	Fremont	5	slots

1 "21"

1 crap
1 roulette

1	penny roulette

Sal Sagev Tavern	Sid Martin	#1 Fremont	8 slots

Overland Bar	"	"	#6 Fremont	4 slots

Pony Express Stages	Earl Wilson	123	S. 1st	7

Eight Ball Bar	Abe Kroloff	117	N. 1st	8	slots

Silver Cafe	Joe Morgan	106	N. 1st	4

Silver Club	"	"	108	N.	1st	2

Golden Camel	Bar	"	"	110	N.	1st	4

Silver Club	"	"	108	N.	1st	1	poker

2	"21"

1	roulette

2	crap

Busy Bee Cafe	John Stathis	105	N. 1st	2 slots

Ajax Company -	George Parry		129 S. 1st	41 slots

Playland Arcade

Foreign Club	Walter Argyle	111	N. 1st	2 slots

Mike's Liquor Store	Sally Gordon	106 Fremont	4 slots

Las Vegas Tavern	J. K. Houssels	19 Fremont	7	slots

Mom's Lunch	Phyllis Helm	1400 Fremont	2	slots

Oppedyk Jersey Dairy	Al VanderMeer	600 N. Main	1	slot

Cut Rate Liquor Store	Josie Dondich	132 S. 5th	2	slots

Desert Inn	John Anton	1503 S. 5th	1	slot

The Slot Machine	M. B. Abrams	101	Fremont	35 slots

Amusement Arcade

Fremont Arcade	M. B. Abrams	105	Fremont	36 slots

1 crap
1 "21"

Sal Sagev Cafe	John F. Miller	Main & Fremont	2 slots

Sal Sagev Lobby	""	""	3

Boulder Club, Inc.	P. J. Gommond	118-120 Fremont	33 slots

1 Pan

1	race horse	 keno	2	Poker

1	tango-100 chrs.	2	Crap

1 Faro Bank	2 roulette

1	Hazard	5	"21"

1	race horse	book	1	Big Six

Boulder Club, Inc. Bar	P. J. Gommond	122	Fremont	4	slots

Food Center Grocery	Reuben Specktor	770	Fremont	6	slots

Overland Hotel	L. M. Wilson	§2 Fremont	2 slots

Cardinal Sandwich Shop	Pat Rozzelle	508	Fremont	6	slots

Orange Julius Co.	Pat Rozzelle	405	Fremont	5	slots

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the foregoing
renewals be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

GAMING AND LIQUOR  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application

APPLICATIONS- NEW	of R. L. Fazinger at Dick's Associated Service

Station, 3rd and Fremont, for two slot machines;
the application of Pat Rozzelle for one slot machine
at Bell Drive In Market, 729 South Fifth Street;
the application of Pat Rozzelle for five slot machines
at Leonard’s Hamburger Stand, 324½ Fremont Street, and
the application of A. R. Stoll for a retail beverage
license at the Charleston Grocery be granted.

	Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

 	Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EL MOROCCO LICENSE	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

GRANTED	Frank Wilson for a retail tavern liquor license at El

Morocco and for three slot machines, 2 poker and 1
crap game, 1322 E Street, bar and gambling house, be
granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application

SAVE-WAY DRUG STORE	of Ed. W. Clark for a sealed package liquor license

at the Save-Way Drug Store, 18 Fremont, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; Commissioners Clark and Smith
voting no.

 Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
SAVE-WAY DRUG STORE		of Max Ingalls for seven slot machines at the Save-

Way Drug Store, 18 Fremont, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

B. & B. SUPER MARKET	the B. & B. Supermarket by F. J. Brady for four slot

machines, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE		Commissi oner Corradetti moved that the application of

B. & B. SUPER MARKET		F. J. Brady for a retail liquor license at the B. & B.

Super Market, 818 South Fifth Street, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Smith and

Corradetti voting aye; Commissioner Bates and Mayor
Cragin voting no.

DEW DROP INN	 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Jake Ensely for a retail tavern liquor license at the

Dew Drop Inn, 1315 D Street, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

THE PLAYERS CLUB	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of P. O.

GAMBLING APPLICATION	Silvagni for a license to operate a "21" game, 1 roulette

and 1 crap game at 120 and 128 Fremont, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

JACK WEISBURGER	Jack Weisburger for one slot machine license at a

gas station of Jim Bancroft at 300 Fremont, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Botes, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NEVADA BAR	 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Ralph Purdy for a retail tavern liquor license at the

Nevada Bar, 115 North First Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Clerk moved that
the meeting adjourn until 10 am Saturday, October
the seventh.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
October 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this seventh day of October,

1944:	Meeting called to order by His Honor,

 	Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 10.30 a.m.

 	with the following members present: Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, and Smith; City Attorney, Louis
I. Wiener, Jr.; Chief Deputy City Clerk, Mildred
Mastny. Absent:	Commissioner Clark; City Manager,

Charles C. McCall and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the
meeting held September 29, 1944, be amended to
show approval of the action of the Recreation Board
in appointing Rev. Wessell as Chairman and James
Young as member of the Recreation Board. Minutes
otherwise approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 	Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos.

205 to 214, inclusive, and No. 218 in the sum of
$17,469.26 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

MATERIAL AND SERVICE  	Commissioner Smith moved that Material and Service

WARRANTS	Warrants No. 204, as an adjustment, and Nos. 215 to

217, inclusive, in the sum of $8,936.27 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none; absent - Commissioner Clark.

POLICE REPORT	 	The financial statement of the Municipal Judge for

July in the sum of $2,710.00, and for August in the
sum of $2,649.50 were read and ordered filed.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS  	The reports of the Electrical Department, Plumbing

Department, and of the Building Inspector for the
month of September, 1944, were read and ordered filed.

CITY MANAGER REPORT	 	The report of the City Manager for the month of

September was read and ordered filed.

CLARK COUNTY	Commissioner Bates moved that the report of the Clark

V-D WARD	     County Hospital upon the number of V-D cases treated

at Clark County Hospital, be accepted and ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

UNION PACIFIC - rental	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the bill in the sum of

for prison detention	 	$25.00 of the Union Pacific Railroad Company for rental

yard site.	of the premises at Las Vegas, Nevada, for prison detention

yard site be approved and paid.

Motion seconded by Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

CITY JAIL - Bill	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the bill of Robert

of Robert Stanton	 	Stanton, Architect, in the sum of $833.33 for services

rendered in connection with the Las Vegas City Jail
project, be approved and ordered paid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

CITY JAIL	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be

authorized to negotiate with Robert Stanton to submit
a price for complete plans and specifications to be
processed at once for the proposed construction of
jail facilities in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.
WESTSIDE FIRST	 

AID STATION	Commissioner Bates moved that the report of the

City Manager on the Westside First Aid Station,
showing total expenses of $454.22, be accepted
and filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Y.M.C.A.

RECOMMENDATION	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Board

OF PLANNING BOARD	approve and accept the recommendations of the City

Planning Commission upon the Y.M.C.A. application
for space in the City Park and that the 

recommendation of the Planning Commission be set forth in
the minutes:

"By unanimous vote, it is the Commission's opinion
and recommendation that no private nor quasi-private
group be permitted to locate within the public park
area either as presently used, or the intended
development. Further, that the U.S.O. Building,

upon termination of the present use and occupancy, be
devoted to public use, such as library or community
center under City jurisdiction."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

GAMING APPLICATIONS

N E W	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application

   of Nate Mack and Bob Kaltenbourne of the Jack Pot Club, 

116 Fremont, for the Race Horse Keno be granted.

 

     Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Jack Weisburger for one slot machine at the Save-way
Drug Store, 18 Fremont Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

GAMING AND SLOT

MACHINE APPLICATIONS:	The following remewals of gaming applications were

NEW	 	presented to the Board for its consideration:

Name

Representative	Address	Game

Snyder's Grocery

Cotton Club	L. L.Snyder	Bonanza Rd-Westside     1 slot

Moe Taub	500 Jackson	6 slots

1 "21"

1 Poker
1 Craps

Nevada Biltmore		 		1 R.H.Keno

Robert Brooks	614 N. Main	9 slots

1	roulette

2	"21"

The Esquire	1 craps

DeLux Cafe	Louis Mack	120 S. 2nd	4 slots

White Spot Cafe	Harold Hunter	127 S. 2nd	1 slot



	John Pappas	109 Fremont	8 slots

Southwestern Liquor	Ted Konduris	101 E. Carson	2 slots

Victory Sandwich Shop	S. Saunders	116 S. 1st	1 slot

Fremont Tavern	Berto Testolin	105 S. 1st	l	slot

Kiva Bar	P. O. Silvagni	129 E. Fremont	1	slot

Log Cabin	Bob Griggs	122 N. 1st	1	slot

Nevada Coffee Shop	George Adras	113 N. 1st	2	slots

Modern Food Shop	Claude Hoff	315 Fremont	2	slots

Las Vegas Barbecue	Louis Du Bois	22 Fremont	3	slots

Johnson's Grocery	Blaine Johnson	630 South 5th	1	slot



Shady Rest Cafe	Gayer Co. -	F. & Jackson Sts.	2	slots

Lee Hughes

Hughes Grocery	Lee Hughes	509 W. Jackson	1	slot

Dew Drop Inn	Lee	Hughes	1315 D. Street	1	slot

Low Price Market	Lee Hughes	Main & Stewart	1	slot

Tivoli Bar	Lee	Hughes	126 N. 1st	1	slot

Silver State Service Station Lee Hughes	5th and Fremont	1	slot



Professional Pharmacy	Lee Hughes	423 Fremont	4 slots

Edmond's Associated Service Lee Hughes	5th and Carson	1	slot

Station

Ball Grocery Store	Lee	Hughes	404 S. 2nd	1	slot

Adam's Grocery	Lee Hughes	816 Fremont	1	slot

Prescription Pharmacy	Lee	Hughes	814 Fremont	1	slot

Lee’s Drive Inn	Lee Hughes	10th & Fremont	2	slots

Orton's Grill	Lee	Hughes	121 S. 5th	1	slot

Black Cat Cafe	Lee Hughes	418 W. Madison	2	slots

Belvedere Grocery	Lee	Hughes	H. & Harrison	1	slot

Westside Cafe	Lee Hughes	D. & Madison	3	slots

Oklahoma Cafe	Boysie Ensley	220 N. 1st	3	slots
Tillie's Cafe	Jack Furnace	1039 S. Main	2	slots

Smith’s Drive Inn	W. C. Askew	513 Stewart	2	slots

Trail Cafe	John A. Katsaros	13 Fremont	1	slot

Town Barbecue	E. Ciliax	506 Fremont	3	slots

City Drug Store	Frank Bollig	231 Fremont	7	slots

Tip’s Cafe	Edward Tip Rowe	1516 S. 5th	2	slots

Green Lantern	George & Addie Guice	501 Jackson	6	slots

The Market Spot	J.W. McMichael	117 Carson	4	slots

Brown Derby	P. L. Jefferson	320 Monroe	4	slots

Las Vegas Pharmacy	W. E. Ferron	32 Fremont	2	slots

White Cross Drug Co.	W.	E. Ferron	201	Fremont	2	slots

Boulder Liquor Store	M.	S. Jacobs	423	Fremont	4	slots

Lido Bar	Anna Mae Weller	107 N. 1st	6	slots

Pearl's Cafe	Paralee Adams	224 N. 1st	3	slots

Snyder’s Drive In	Lincoln Snyder	300 W. Bonanza	2	slots

B. Sc H. Grocery	Sara Lafer	402 Bonanza	1	slot

P. & B. Cafe	R. Roschl	201 N. 1st	1	slot

Dick’s Bar	R. Roschl	118 N. 1st	2	slots

Rex Bar	R. Roschl	128 S. 1st	2	slots

Thrifty Market	Gus Klein - Roschl	1st & Charleston 2	slots

Smith’s Root Beer Stand	R.	Roschl	3rd	& Stewart,	1	slot

Jimmie’s Bar	R.	Roschl	807	S. Main	3	slots

Silver State Newwstand	R.	Roschl	110	S. 2nd	4	slots

Sam’s Cafe	John A. Katsaros	320 Fremont	5	slots

New Overland Cafe	Sun Wing Won, ptner	#6 Fremont	4	slots

Log Cabin Bar	C. C. Griggs	122 N. 1st	3	slots

Westside Tavern	Charley Welch	Westside	3	slots

Sewell’s	V. Churtleff	307 Fremont	2	slots

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the foregoing
renewals be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Bates moved
the meeting adjourn until 10.00 a.m., Saturday,

October 21, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 21, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this twenty-first day of October, 1944:	Meeting

called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at
  the hour of 10.30 a.m. with the following members
 	present: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, and Smith;

 	City Attorney, Louis I. Wiener, Jr.; Chief Deputy City

Clerk, Mildred Mastny; City Manager, Charles C. McCall.
Absent:	Commissioner Clark and City Clerk, Helen Scott

Reed.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the meeting
held October 7, 1944, be amended to show the names of
Nate Mack and Bob Kaltenbourne on application of Jack
Pot, instead of Doyle Tinkle. Minutes otherwise approved
by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	  Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 219

  to 227, inclusive, in the sum of $15,508.35 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.
MATERIAL AND	 	Commissioner Smith moved that Material and Service

SERVICE WARRANTS	Warrants Nos. 228 to 229, inclusive, in the sum of

$5,207.62 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

RENEWALS OF	 	Commissioner 0orradetti moved that applications of

SLOT MACHINE	 	the Nevada Bar and Thrifty Market for slot machine

APPLICATIONS	 	renewals be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

AGREEMENT:	  Commissioner Smith moved that the City of Las Vegas

Union Pacific Railroad         accept the easement offered by the Union Pacific
and the City of Las Vegas	Railroad Company to the City of Las Vegas under the

terms and conditions of the agreement heretofore
signed and executed on June 14, 1944 by the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, save and except as to that
provision requiring the City of Las Vegas to maintain
and repair the fences on each side of said easement
and that said easement be accepted by the passing of
resolution by the City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas to read as follows, to-wit:

  PREAMBLE AND RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is cooperating with the Department of Highways,
of the State of Nevada, in the construction of a standard highway extending on, over
and across the land of Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company and its Lessee, Union
Pacific Railroad Company, situate in the South half of the Southeast Quarter (S½SE¼)
of Section Twenty-nine (29), and the Northeast Quarter of the Northeast Quarter (NE¼NE¼)
of Section Thirty-two (32), Township Twenty (20) South, Range Sixty-one (6l) East,

M.D.B. & M., in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the City has requested said Railroad Companies to grant to it an
Easement over said land for said highway, which said Railroad Companies are willing to
do upon certain terms and conditions, one of which is that the City would cause to be
vacated a certain portion of what is now known as Tonopah Highway, hereinafter more
particularly described, and the public interest and convenience requiring,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That that portion of that certain highway

commonly known as Tonopah Highway, located on a portion of the abandoned Las Vegas &
Tonopah Railroad 100 foot right of way, and extending in a direct line across the
South Half of the Southeast Quarter (S½SE¼) of Section Twenty-nine (29), the Northeast
Quarter of the Northeast Quarter (NE¼NE¼) of Section Thirty-two (32), and the Northwest
Quarter of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼NW¼) of Section Thirty-three (33), Township Twenty
(20) S., Range Sixty-one (61) E., M.D.B. & M., as said 100 foot railroad right of way
is described in Book 6, at page 260 and 261, of Deeds, Records, of Clark County, Nevada,
and not described or included, in that certain Easement for highway purposes over and
along a strip of land 150 feet in width, extending across portions of said Sections 29
and 32, dated the 14th day of June, 1944, from Los Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company,
a corporation, and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, a corporation, to the
City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby closed up and vacated.

*  * *



STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) SS
CITY OF LAS VEGAS)

I, HELEN SCOTT REED, the duly elected, qualified and acting City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, do hereby certify that the foregoing is
a full, true, and correct copy of that certain Resolution adopted by the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting of the Board held on the 21

day of _____October____________, 1944, as the same appears in the Minute Book of the

Commissioners' proceedings, now of record in my office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

 

GASOLINE PUMP	Commissioner Smith moved that the agreement between

AT CITY BARNS	Independent Oil Company and the City of Las Vegas for

use of gasoline pump at the City Barns during such time
as they serve gasoline to City of Las Vegas be approved

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Clark.

REPORT OF	       Report of City Budget and Expenditures for

CITY BUDGET	period ending September 30, 1944, was read

and ordered filed.

ASPHALT CONTRACT	   Commissioner Smith moved that the City

EXTENDED	    Manager be authorized to continue the

purchase of asphalt under the present 

contracts until January 1, 1945, provided said
extension is agreeable to vendor at the same
quoted price and provided that sufficient funds
are available in the funds of the City of

   Las Vegas to make such purchases.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Clark.

BIDS-FIRE STATION	Commissioner Smith moved to ratify publication

of Notice to Bidders on the new fire station
to be opened November 20, 1944 at 2.00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
 	aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

SUB-FIRE STATION	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor appoint

LOCATION	a committee to secure a suitable location for the

building of the sub-fire station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

The following committee was appointed:	Charles

 	C. McCall, A. F. Smith, Sr., Walter Bates and

 	C. G. Petrie.

WOODLAWN CEMETERY  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the action

rescind motion	of the City Commissioners at a regular meeting

held on September 22, 1944 upon the following
motion, be rescinded.

"Commissioner Bates moved that permission be
granted to the Cemetery Board to convert for
use of graves every other walkway in Plots J
and K in the old cemetery as per recommendation
of the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,  

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith end Carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 	Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

SEWER LEASE: F.W.A.	Commissioner Smith moved that lease between the

City of Las Vegas and the United States of America
for certain sewage facilities be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same and
that the City Manager be authorized to secure the
necessary insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,

 	none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

FLOOD LIGHTS FOR  	Commissioner Smith moved that the City of Las Vegas

HIGH SCHOOL USE	grant the use of the flood lights ea at the City Park

to the Las Vegas High School for use at the Butcher
Memorial Field during the 1944 football season.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.
There being no further business to come
before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Smith moved that this meeting recess until
Thursday, October 26, 1944, at 10.00 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; 

Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 26, 1944

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners held this twenty-sixth day
	of October, 1944: Meeting called to order by

	His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of

10.30 a.m. with the following members present:
Commissioners Clark, Corradetti, and Smith;

City Manager, Charles C. McCall; Chief Deputy
City Clerk, Mildred Mastny. Absent:	City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed; City Attorney, Louis I. Wiener,
Jr.; Commissioner Bates.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	  Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor and City

  Clerk be authorized to sign Payroll Warrants for
Street Department employees whose services will
be terminated at the end of the day’s work, 

October 26, 1944; reason for termination being the 

rejection of loan from the State Tax Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

There being no further business to come before
the Board at this time, Commissioner Clark
moved that this meeting recess until October
27, 1944, at 9.00 o’clock, a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 27, 1944

At a recessed meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this twenty-seventh day of October,

1944: Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor
E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 10.10 a.m. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Clark,

Corradetti and Smith; Chief Deputy City Clerk,

Mildred Mastny; City Manager, Charles C. McCall.

Absent:	Louis I. Wiener, Jr., City Attorney; Helen

Scott Reed, City Clerk, and Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the
meeting held October 21, 1944 be corrected to read
"Street Funds" instead of "Treasury". Minutes
otherwise approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Bates.
Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes
of the meeting held October 26, 1944, be
approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

SOUTHERN NEVADA		Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of

INDUSTRIES: PETITION	Southern Nevada Industries be referred to the

Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

GAMING AND LIQUOR	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the resolution

MOTION RESCINDED	known as "Motion of October 16, 1943" 

heretofore passed on liquor and gambling licenses
be rescinded and expunged from the minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
	aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Bates.

FIRE STATION LOCATION	Commissioner Smith moved that the Board of City

Commissioners authorize the City Manager to
negotiate with Huntridge Development Company
in regard to lots for the firestation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

NEW APPLICATIONS		Commissioner Corradetti moved that all the

new applications now pending, be set aside
until all members of the City Board are present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

RENEWAL APPLICATIONS		Commissioner Clark moved that the application

of Nate and Bob Kaltenbourne and H. C. Badger
for one poker table at the Jack Pot, 116 Fremont
Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

There being no further business to come before
the Board at this time, Commissioner Clark
moved that this meeting adjourn until November
7, 1944 at 2.00 p.m. In the event November
seven is a holiday, the meeting shall be held
on November six, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.
Las Vegas, Nevada
November 6, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this sixth day of 

November, 1944 at the hour of 2.00 o'clock
p.m.:	Meeting called to order by His Honor

Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and Smith; City Attorney, Louis I. Wiener, Jr.;

Chief Deputy City Clerk, Mildred Mastny; City
Manager, Charles C. McCall. Absent:	City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the
meeting held October 26, 1944 be amended to show
Payroll Warrant No. 230 in the sum of $763.30 for
Street Department Employees with the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same; amend the
minutes of the meeting held October 27, 1944 to
show petition of Southern Nevada Industries calling
for the vacation of that portion of Main Street
lying immediately north of Charleston Boulevard.

Minutes otherwise approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the Board approve the

issuance of Warrant No. 231, dated November 2, 1944,
in the amount of $583.65 and ratify the action of
the Mayor, City Clerk, City Manager and City Treasurer
in issuing said warrants before a regular meeting of
the Board of City Commissioners. The reason for said
action was termination of employment of five employees
from the Garbage Department and it was necessary to
pay them immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 

PAYROLL WARRANTS	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos.

232 to 241, inclusive, in the sum of $16,301.25 be
approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

  Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL	    Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material

WARRANTS	Warrants Nos. 242 to 243 in the sum of $8,601.81 be

approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 

AGREEMENT: KELSO-	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk and Mayor

TURNER TRACT	be authorized to sign the agreement regarding garbage

removal and fees in Kelso-Turner Tract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. 

STATEMENT OF FINANCES	 	Statement of Finances of Auditor read and ordered filed.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS	 	Report of Building Department and Electrical Department

for the month of October read and ordered filed.

 

CLARK COUNTY	 	 Report received from Clark County General Hospital

HOSPITAL	 	regarding V-D cases. (report in City Manager's files).

 

T. W. A. LEASE	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be

authorized to correspond with the T. W.A. relative
to extending their present lease to December 31, 1944
and, in the interim, negotiate for a new lease.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
EMERGENCY LOAN  	Commissioner Bates moved that interested

parties be invited to bid on an emergency
loan in the sum of $25,000. on Street
improvements, heretofore and on November
first, 1944, authorized by the State Board
of Finances.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

IMPROVEMENT	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager

OF STREETS	be authorized to have Ordinances prepared for

improvement of the following districts:	Ninth

Street between Bonneville and Gass; Third Place
from Charleston Boulevard south; Alley on the
North side of Fremont between Third and Fourth
Streets (rear of El Portal theatre); and alley
on the south side of Fremont between First and
Second Streets directly in rear of Safeway Store.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

BIDS - PAINT	 	Bids from the following companies for paint were

opened at this time:

total	Price per gal.	Low Bid

bid	Bidder	Quantity	White	Red	White Red

360.00	Prismo California Co. 100 gal. each 1.75	1.85

369.00	Baltimore Paint &	"	1.55	2.14	1.55/$155.00

Coloring Co.

395.00	W.S. Darley & Co.	"	"	1.65	2.30

357.00	F. W. Sharpe	"	"	1.85	1.72	1.72

-o-	Western Auto	Supply	"	"	no	bid	$172.00

x	Wayside Studio	"	"	no	submission

x	Sears Roebuck & Co.	"	"	no	submission

x	Woitishek Lumber Co.	"	"	no	submission

-o-	Opaco Lumber	Co.	"	"	no	bid

515.00	Home Lumber Co.	"	"	2.20	2.95	

x	O'Neil Lumber Co.	"	"	no	submission	

215.00	Ed Von Tobel Lumber Co.	"	"	2.15	no	bid	

x	Las Vegas Hardware Co.	"	"	no	submission

473.00	E. J.  Gilbreath	"	"	1.98	2.75

x	Bartlett Brothers, Hardware "	"	no	submission

$155.00 $172.00

515.00	- High Bidder

357.00	- Low Bidder	172.00

Combined Bid : -	$327.00

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Baltimore
Paint & Coloring Co. for white paint ($1.55 - $155.00)
and the bid of F.W. Sharpe for red paint ($1.72 -
$172.00) be accepted as these were the lowest bids
received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

GAMING LICENSE	Commissioner Clark moved that the following

GRANTED	gaming licenses be granted:

Pat Rozzelle	Horseshoe Cafe	118½ North First	1 slot	 

Chas. A. Bennett	New Oasis Cafe	123 Fremont	3	slots

Thos. W. Fraser	Betty's Cafe	1039 S. Main	2	slots

J. W. Schaum	Frontier Club	117 Fremont	1	craps

Woo Sing	Bus Terminal	127 South 1st	2	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,	 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none.	

LIQUOR LICENSES  	Commissioner Clark moved that the following 

GRANTED	applications be granted:

Frank C. Kernan	Shay's Barbecue	1501	South	5th	Ret.	Bev.

Eugene Gilbert	Bar-B-Que Corral	1407	South	5th	"	"

Bessie Fraser	Betty's Cafe	1039	South	Main	"	"
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti voting aye; Commissioner
Smith voting no.

LIQUOR LICENSES	     Commissioner Smith moved that the application of

DENIED	Mrs. Katie Potter for retail liquor and retail

beverage license at 727 South 5th Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and Smith voting aye; His Honor voting
no.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of
Gus Klein for retail liquor license at the Thrifty
Market at South Main and Charleston be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and Smith voting aye; His Honor voting no.

LIQUOR LICENSE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of

GRANTED	F. J. Brady for retail liquor license at the B. & B.

Supermarket at 818 South 5th be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

and His Honor voting aye; Commissioners Corradetti
and Smith voting no.

GAMING LICENSE	    Commissioner Smith moved that the application of

P. O. Silvagni for one craps, one roulette, and one
"21" game at the Players Club, 128 East Fremont,
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and lost by
the following vote; Commissioners Smith and His
Honor voting aye; Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti voting no.

 

GAMING LICENSE DENIED         Commissioner Bates moved that the application of

Roscoe W. Thomas for one "21", 1 craps and one
roulette at Las Vegas Pool Hall, 125 Fremont, be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti voting aye; Commissioner Smith and His
Honor voting no.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
November 20, 1944

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

To:	Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk

Las Vegas
Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Commissioners (Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building
on Monday, the 20th day of November, 1944 at the hour of 2.00 o’clock p.m. to act
upon the following business:

1. To open bids for the construction of the fire station and act upon
the same, and other matters that might be brought before the Board.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To: E. W. Cragin, and to Pat Clark, Walter Bates, Al Corradetti, A. F. Smith, Sr. and
Chas. C. McCall, Commissioners, Mayor and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, will be held on Monday, November 20, 1944, at the hour of 2.00 o'clock
p.m. in the Council Chamber at the War Memorial Building to consider the following
business:

1. To open bids for the construction of the fire station and act upon the
same, and other matters that might be brought before the Board.

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas,
hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

E. W. Cragin	A. F. Smith, Sr.

A. Corradetti
Walter B. Bates

A Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
having been called for this date, said meeting was
called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin,
at the hour of 2.00 p.m. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

 	Smith; City Manager, Charles C. McCall; City Clerk,

 	Helen Scott Reed, and City Attorney, Louis Wiener,Jr.

BIDS:	FIRE STATION	At this time, Bids for the construction of the fire

station were opened, from the following firms:

Pioneer Construction Company - in the sum of $58,616.00
together with bid bond of $4,000.

Royal Building Corporation - in the sum of $63,838.00
bid bond, $3,500.

Lemke Construction Co. - in the sum of $68,707.00. -
bid bond, $7,500.

Stocks Mill & Supply Co. - in the sum of $58,771.60 -
certified check in the sum of $3,000.

B. Frank Anderson - in the sum of $70,484.00 - bid bond
5% of bid.

The following resolution was presented to the Board
for its consideration:

WHEREAS, the proposals received for the construction of two fire stations (Central Fire
Station and Sub Fire Station) at Las Vegas, Nevada, FWA Project Nev. 26-130-N, have been duly
opened, read and compared, and

WHEREAS, it appears that Ira Goldring, doing business as Pioneer Construction Company,
is the low bidder in the amount of $56,916.00, based upon his low base bid of $58,616.00,
less alternates 1 and 2 as set forth on the construction bid of said project in the sum of
$1,700.00.,

WHEREAS, the FWA has set up the amount of $50,100 as the estimated cost of the General
Construction and whereas the low bid of the Pioneer Construction Company was $56,916.00,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED That the City of Las Vegas hereby agrees that the cost
of construction which exceeds the amount as set up and agreed by the FWA will be borne 

entirely by the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

E. W. Cragin,

Mayor

City seal -

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk
Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing

resolution be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,

 	none.

AMENDED CONTRACT:	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept the

ADRIAN WILSON	amendment to the contract heretofore entered into

between the City of Las Vegas and Adrian Wilson,
architect on the new fire station, in compliance with
the request of the Federal Works Agency in its letter
dated November 18, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

 	Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED FIRE STATION:	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be

SITE - HUNTRIDGE SUB-	authorized to negotiate with Mr. Oakey and offer

DIVISION	him up to $1,500. for the purchase of Lots 1 and 2

in Block 2 of Tracts 1 and 2 of the Huntridge 

Subdivision and if this offer is not accepted by November
21, the City Attorney is instructed to commence 

condemnation proceedings at once.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the
Board at this time, Commissioner Smith moved that
the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 22, 1944

  At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held on this twenty-second day of November, 1944:

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor El W.

Cragin, at the hour of 2.10 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, and Smith; City Manager, Charles C. McCall,

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed.

MINUTES APPROVED	  Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the

meeting held November 6 be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	  Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants Nos.

245-253, inclusive, and 256 in the sum of $15,964.67
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL	  Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material

WARRANTS	Warrants Nos. 254 and 255 in the sum of $7,100.83 be

approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 

DYKE LANE	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized

to make the necessary survey and investigation for
possible right of way on Dyke Lane.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT: WESTERN AIR	   Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager

EXPRESS AND T. W. A.	be authorized to enter into an agreement with

the Western Air Express and the T.W.A. 

permitting them to enlarge and change location of
counters at airport at no expense to the City.

After alterations have been made, rental will
be based on readjusted occupancy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

PLUMBING INSPECTOR'S	 	Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Plumbing

REPORT	Inspector to be filed.

IMPROVEMENT DISTRICTS:	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the report on the

CITY STREETS	 	study of improvement of districts for city streets,

as prepared by the Planning Commission, be filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith,

Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

 

FIRE INSURANCE	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the

CITY PROPERTY	new statement of values for fire insurance purposes

and authorize the City Manager to purchase the 

additional insurance, bringing the total insurance on
buildings and contents up to $82,629.00, representing
90% of their true value.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALARY:	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the

CITY MANAGER'S SALARY	salary raise of Mr. McCall’s secretary from $150.00

per month to $175.00 per month,effective December 1,

1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

ADRIAN WILSON	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City

CONTRACT	Clerk be authorized to sign the contract with

Adrian Wilson which contract was amended for the
construction of the new fire station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	  Bids for an emergency loan were opened from the

following banks:

Bank of Nevada - 3% - $25,000. - three months.

The First National Bank of Nevada - 3% - $25,0000 -

three months.

Commissioner Clark moved that $12,500 be borrowed on
the Bank of Nevada and $12,500 on the First National
Bank of Nevada for a three months' period; further,
that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute
said notes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PIONEER CONSTRUCTION	The following resolution was presented to the Board

COMPANY	for its consideration:

WHEREAS, the proposals received for the construction of two fire stations (Central
Fire Station and Sub Fire Station) at Las Vegas, Nevada, FWA Project Nev. 26-130-N,
have been duly opened, read and compared, and

WHEREAS, it appears that Ira Goldring, doing business as Pioneer Construction
Company, is the low bidder in the amount of $56,916.00 based upon his low base bid of
$58,616.00, less alternates 1 and 2 as set forth on the construction bid of said project
in the sum of $1,700.00.,

WHEREAS the FWA has set up the amount of $50,100 as the estimated cost of the General
Construction and whereas the low bid of the Pioneer Construction Company was $56,916.00,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas hereby agrees that the cost
of construction which exceeds the amount as set up and agreed by the FWA will be borne
entirely by the City of Las Vegas,Nevada.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	By:	E. W. Cragin, Mayor

City Clerk
Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing

resolution be approved by the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

EXPENSE ACCOUNT:	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve

CITY MANAGER	the expense account of the City Manager McCall

for the sum of $50.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and his Honor voting
eye; Commissioner Smith voting no.

THE AMERICAN LEGION	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager

 	be directed to write a letter to the American

Legion accepting the flag of the United States
and to direct an appropriate resolution thanking
them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREET IMPROVEMENTS  	Commissioner Bates moved that estimates of expense

plats and diagrams for improvement of streets and
alleys at the following localities be made and filed
with the City Clerk:

The 20-foot alley extending in an easterly-westerly direction between Third and
Fourth Streets, Block 31 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and extending easterly and westerly
distances of 15 feet to the curb lines in Fourth and Third Streets, respectively.

The 20-foot alley extending northerly from Carson Street in Block 14 of Clark’s
Las Vegas Townsite, a distance of 250 feet and extending southerly therefrom to the curb
line of Carson Street.	 

That portion of Ninth Street as shown on plat of Wardie Addition to Las Vegas included
between the lines of curb as now established and extending from the northerly boundary line
of Gass Street to the southerly boundary line of Bonneville Street and at the intersection
of Ninth and Garces Streets, east and west respectively, to the east and west boundary lines
of Ninth Street.

That portion of Third Place as shown on Plat of Beckley Subdivision to Las Vegas, Nevada,
included the curbs as now established and extending northwardly into Charleston Boulevard
a distance of approximately 25 feet to effect a satisfactory junction with the existing
pavement in Charleston Boulevard.

Further, that due Notice of Intention to improve
be given in accordance with the Statutes and Laws
on the subject.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING AND LIQUOR	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of

APPLICATIONS	Mamie V. Stocker for gaming and liquor licenses at

16 Fremont, be tabled until the December 29th meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
 

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

Jack Pruitt for a slot machine at Barbecue Corral,
sandwich shop, 1407 South Fifth Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Jack

Roach for a retail beverage and importer’s license be
tabled, pending the receipt of his importer's license
from the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

GAMING LICENSE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of J.

FRONTIER CLUB	W. Schaum for one Faro Bank and one Poker game at

the Frontier Club, 117 Fremont, for the fourth quarter
of 1944, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PIONEER CONSTRUCTION	The following resolution was

	

COMPANY	presented to the Board of City

Commissioners:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the proposals received for the construction of two
fire stations (Central Fire Station and Subwire Station) at Las
Vegas, Nevada, FWA Project Nev. 26-130-N, have been duly opened,
read and compared, and

WHEREAS, it appears that Ira Goldring, doing business as the
Pioneer Construction Company, is the low bidder in the amount of
$56,916.00 based upon his low base bid of $58,616.00 less alternates
1 and 2 as set forth on the construction bid of said project in the
sum of $1,700.00;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the contract for the 

construction of said work be and the same is hereby awarded to Ira
Goldring, doing business as the Pioneer Construction Company, for	

the Items and Amounts above stated.		

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED That E. W. Cragin and Helen Scott Reed,

Mayor and City Clerk respectively, of the City of Las Vegas, be and
they are hereby authorized to execute such contract and any other
documents, agreements or instrument in connection therewith for and
on behalf of said City of Las Vegas.

This award is tentative and may be cancelled or rescinded at any
time prior to notification by Helen Scott Reed to the contemplated
awardee that the award is final.		 

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

____Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

Commissioner Smith moved that the
foregoing resolution be approved
by the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates
and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
of Jake Ensley for a retail tavern liquor license
at 1315 Jackson be denied for the reason that it is
outside the zone.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application for
a retail liquor license for Moe Taub at 500 Jackson
Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, commissioner
Corradetti.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing motion
be amended to the effect that the license be granted
when the building wherein the liquor is to be sold
is brought up to building requirements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

LIQUOR LICENSE
DEW DROP INN

LIQUOR APPLICATION
OF MOE TAUB

Commissioner Smith moved that the application or
P. O. Silvagni for a gaming license at 126-128 
Fremont, The Player's Club, be granted.

The following is to be included in the
minutes of the November 22nd meeting*****

GAMING APPLICATION
CITY MANAGER'S SALARY	Commissioner Smith moved that "in recognition of

faithful and efficient and economical service 

 	performed by Mr. Charles C. McCall, City Manager,

together with his influential efforts effecting
substantial savings in operation and obtaining 

financial assistance from the United States Government
Administration during the year 1944 which redound to	 

the most good for the greatest number of citizens in
this community, I, therefore, move that Mr. T. E.

Fennessy, Deputy City Clerk, be and hereby is authorized
and instructed that in promulgation of the city budget
for the year 1945, he provide sufficient funds in the
administration department to cover salary in the amount
of seventy-two hundred ($7,200.) dollars per annum 

payable to the City Manager in equal semi-monthly 

installments effective as of January 1, 1945, and in addition
thereto he prepare and set up an expense account budget
in the amount eight hundred ($800) dollars for the
City Manager to be used in the interest of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

It being understood, however, reimbursement to City
Manager's expense account in the interest of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be based upon presentation of
claims and/or demands for such reimbursement being made
strictly in compliance with requirements of Ordinance No.

32, adopted July 3, 1912; Ordinance 239, adopted August
4, 1938 and Ordinance #240, adopted September 7, 1938,
together with requirements of the municipal accounting
system manual compiled and promulgated by Mr. George H.

Wood, Certified Public Accountant of Pasadena, California,  
and officially filed in city archives in the Office of
the City Clerk, under date of January 13, 1939.

signed:	A.F; Smith, Sr.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  

There being no further business to come before the
Board at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that
this meeting adjourn until December 7 at the hour of
2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Las Vegas, Nevada

December 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this seventh day of December, 1944:	Meeting called

to order at the hour of 2.30 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and Smith; Mayor E. W. Cragin; City Attorney, Louis Wiener,
Jr.; City Manager, Charles C. McCall and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the Special
Meeting held November 20th and of the Regular Meeting held
November 22nd be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claim #244 in the
sum of $105.00 and Claim Nos. 259-267, inclusive, in the
sun of $16,434.49 be approved.

 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Special Payroll Claim No.

257 and 258, inclusive, in the sum of $879.67 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material Warrants
268 and 269, inclusive, in the sum of $39,676.10 be approved.

 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin ordered the Municipal Judges' report for
September and October, the Building, Electrical and
Plumbing Inspectors' reports filed.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Board authorize
payment to Mrs. Louise Slack Francis of $300 covering
purchase of two lots on Charleston Boulevard for right
of way purposes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioners Bates, Clark and
Smith to review the proposed ordinance amendment to
Ordinance #203 (as amended) and make a report at the next
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board ratify the action
of the Chief of Police and the Mayor in suspending the
gaming and liquor licenses of the El Cortez Hotel on
November 30 at noon; also, ratify their action reinstating
the license on December 6th.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed
to notify Roy King that his trailer popcorn stand is in
violation of Ordinance #208 and must be moved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Planning Commission
be requested to submit information relative to proposed
Ordinance governing the erection of new buildings on main
arteries into the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SPECIAL PAYROLL CLAIM

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS
RIGHT OF WAY

ORDINANCE AMENDMENT
EL CORTEZ HOTEL

POPCORN STAND
ROY KING

ZONING
Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be
authorized to notify the owners of the Tiffendale
Tract that storm drain installation would be a matter
of post-war consideration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to negotiate a lease with the Clark County
Commissioners for the use of the Library Building
beginning December 16, 1944 and ending January 30, 1945
for the purpose of selling automobile license plates.	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Bids from the following firms for pipe and fittings
for the Huntridge Park job were opened at this time:

Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company - $1,975.00	 

A. H. Julian, Trojan Plumbing Co. - $1,813.45
McQuay Supply Company - $1,896.92
Western Pipe and Steel Co. - no bid.

O. K. Plumbing & Heating Co. - $1,766.13.

Said bids were ordered tabulated by the City Auditor
for consideration later in the meeting.

Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Clark County
Hospital for the month of November be filed in the
office of the City Manager.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board authorize
payment of the claim of the Union Pacific Railroad
for stand by electric service in the sum of $140.00
covering service as per agreement dated October 1,

1942.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to execute the contract with
Robert Stanton when stipulations as suggested by the
FWA in their letter of December 2, 1944, have been
complied with.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that slot machine licenses be
granted to the following places:

Maestro Music Company by Jack Pruitt - S. & S. Doughnut
Shop - 124½ North First Street - one slot machine;

Frank C. Kernan - Shay's Barbecue Cafe - 1501 South 5th
one slot machine;

Charles A. Bennett - Oasis Cafe - 123 Fremont - one slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clerk,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of P.O.

Silvagni for one crap game, one roulette, and one "21"
game at the Players Club, 126-128 Fremont Street, be denied.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of P.O.

Silvagni be laid over until the twenty second day of
December for action.	 

Motion died for want of a second.

Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing
application be allowed. There being no second, Mayor
Cragin asked Mayor Pro Tem Smith to take the Chair; 

thereafter, Mayor Cragin seconded the motion which was lost 

by the following vote: Commissioners Smith and Mayor Cragin 

voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bates, Clark and Corradetti.

TIFFENDALE TRACT
STORM DRAIN

LIBRARY BUILDING LEASE	 

HUNTRIDGE PARK	 

BIDS ON PIPE

CLARK COUNTY HOSPITAL REPORT

CLAIM: UNION PACIFIC
RAILROAD

ROBERT STANTON	 

CONTRACT	 

GAMING AND LIQUOR
LICENSES GRANTED	 

GAMING APPLICATION
P. O. SILVAGNI
BUDGET 1945

DESIGN PLANS FOR
GENERAL AND
HUNTRIDGE PARK

PIPE BID ACCEPTED

At this time, City Manager McCall presented the
first draft of the 1945 Budget and recommended
that this meeting adjourn until December 11th
at the hour of 2.00 p.m. for consideration of
budget and the fire station project.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Design Plans
as submitted by the Planning Commission for the
General Park and Huntridge Park Tract be approved
and the City Clerk directed to certify same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the O.K.
Plumbing & Heating Company for pipe and fittings
for the Huntridge Park Job in the sum of $l,766.13,
2%, 10 - E.O.N. - delivery 30 days, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before
this meeting, Commissioner Clark moved that this
meeting adjourn until Monday, December 11th at the
hour of 3 p.m. for the purpose of considering the
1945 Budget and any other matters which may appear
at that tine.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

******* to be included in the December 7th minutes following Robert Stanton Contract item:

FIRE CALLS	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager notify

OUTSIDE CITY LIMITS	the Board of County Commissioners that on and after

December 15, 1944 no fire calls will be answered
outside the City limits unless proper arrangements are
made by them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

******** the foregoing should be included in the December 7th minutes ********************

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 11, 1944

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this eleventh day of December, 1944:
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin
at the hour of 3:10 p.m. with the following members 

present:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and Smith; City

Manager, Charles C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis Wiener,
Jr.; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark.

A committee composed of Dr. C. W. Woodbury, Lloyd Tritle
and Charles Teel, appointed by the Las Vegas Golf Club
Association, appeared before the Board of City 

Commissioners and submitted their plan for the erection of a
golf club house at the Municipal Golf Course, and 

improvements thereto.

After some discussion, Dr. Woodbury submitted their
proposal in writing and was assured by Mayor Cragin
that it would receive consideration.

GOLF COURSE
At this time, City Manager McCall stated he had 

received a letter from the FWA, dated December 7, 1944,
approving the awarding of the bid for the construction
of the fire station to the Pioneer Construction Company;
thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor and
City Clerk be authorized to sign said contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager
be authorized to notify the Pioneer Construction 

Company to proceed with the work on said Fire station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

An Ordinance to amend Section 16, as amended, of
Ordinance #293 of the City of Las Vegas entitled,

"An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control
of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages,
regulating places where and under what conditions 

intoxicating and alcoholic liquors may be kept, sold,
given away or otherwise distributed, providing for
permits and licenses, providing penalties for 

violation of this ordinance and repealing all ordinances
or parts of ordinances in conflice therewith and 

repealing all ordinances or parts of ordinances in 

conflict with this ordinance" was read to the Board for
the first time, after having been previously referred
to a Committee which had reported favorably.

Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed
Emergency Ordinance #293 be approved on its first 

reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

Thereafter, the above Ordinance was read a second time
and Commissioner Smith moved its approval and adoption.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

It appearing that a misunderstanding regarding the
issuance of a liquor license to Moe Taub on the 22nd
day of November had occurred, granting him a retail
liquor license for the sum of $200.00 instead of a
retail tavern liquor license for the sum of $375.00;
in order to correct the error, Commissioner Smith
moved that the supplementary application of Moe Taub
together with $175.00, being the difference in the two
licenses, for a retail tavern liquor license at 500
Jackson Avenue at the Cotton Club, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

City Manager Charles C. McCall presented the proposed
Budget for 1945 to the City Commissioners end after
general discussion Commissioner Bates moved that this
meeting recess until December the 15th at the hour of
2:00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

FWA APPROVAL
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE #293

LIQUOR LICENSE
MOE TAUB

BUDGET 1945
HEARING: Improvements

ASSESSMENT ORDINANCE
BIDS - For Improvement

Las Vegas, Nevada

December 15, 1944

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 15th day of December, 1944:
Meeting called to order at the hour of 10:15 AM by
His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following mem-
bers present:	Commissioners Bates and Corradetti;

City Manager, Charles C. McCall; and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed. City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

This being the time set for hearing of objections to
proposed assessments for improvement of the following
described property; to-wit:

PARCEL I. The 20-foot alley extending in an easterly-
westerly direction between Third and Fourth Streets,

Block 31 of Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite, and extending
easterly and westerly distances of fifteen (15') feet
to the curb lines in Fourth and Third Streets, 

respectively.

PARCEL II. The 20-foot alley extending northerly
from Carson Street in Block 14 of Clark’s Las Vegas
Townsite, a distance of 250 feet and extending southerly
therefrom to the curb line of Carson Street.

PARCEL III. That portion of Ninth Street, as shown
on plat of Wardie Addition to Las Vegas, included 

between the lines of curb as now established and extending
from the northerly boundary line of Bonneville Street
and at the intersection of Ninth and Garces Streets,
east and west, respectively, to the east and west 

boundary lines of Ninth Street.

PARCEL IV. That portion of Third Place, as shown on
plat of Beckley Subdivision to Las Vegas, Nevada, 

included between the curbs as now established and 

extending northwardly into Charleston Boulevard a distance
of approximately twenty-five (25') feet to effect a
satisfactory junction with the existing pavement in
Charleston Boulevard.

There being no objections, Commissioner Bates moved
that the City Attorney be instructed to draw an ordinance
creating an improvement district in the above described
district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent 

Commissioners Clark and Smith.

His Honor, Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti and Smith as a Committee to act on the
aforementioned ordinance and report back at the next
regular meeting.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to advertise for bids for improvement of
streets and alleys of the aforementioned district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; Absent
Commissioners Clark and Smith.

At the hour of 11:00 A.M. the meeting recessed and 

reconvened at the hour of 11:15 A.M. with all members
present as of the opening session this date. 

Commissioner Smith appeared at this time.

The budget for 1945 was discussed.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that
this meeting recess until December 22, 1944 at the hour
of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.
MINUTES

PAYROLL WARRANTS

Payroll Warrants
#271 to 278 Inc.

Service and Material
Warrants #279-283

PROJECTS—requiring
bond issues

CURB-Clark Co. Hospital
BIDS-Ford Coupe

Las Vegas, Nevada

December 22, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of December, 1944:	Meeting called

to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour
of 2:00 o'clock P.M. with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and Smith; City Manager
Charles C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.
and Chief Deputy City Clerk, Mildred Mastny. Absent:
Commissioner Clark and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that minutes of the meeting
held on December 7, 1944 be approved by reference
and that the minutes of the meeting held on December
11, 1944 be amended to show "An Ordinance to amend
Section 16, as amended, of Ordinance No. 203".

Minutes otherwise approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that Special Payroll Warrant
No. 270 in the sum of $193.85 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that Regular Payroll Warrants
Nos. 271 to 278 inc. in the sum of $14,894.24 be
approved.	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that service and material
warrants Nos. 279 to 283 inclusive in the sum of
$15,657.78 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to prepare plans on the following 

projects which will require bond issued: Recreation-

to include swimming pool, jail, storm drains and
City Barns.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to advise Dr. Cherry that the property
heretofore deeded to the State Highway Department,
in negotiations with reference to setting curb,
should be taken up directly with the State
Highway Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
authorized to advertise for bids for the sale of
one Ford Coupe, Model 1932 - Engine #18-37610.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.
MOTORCYCLE rentals
T.W.A. lease

T.W.A. - proposed
auxiliary building

GOLF CLUB ASS'N.

CHECKS-accompanying
fire station bids

ELECTRICAL BOARD
BIDS-steam cleaner

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
authorized to negotiate with motorcycle officers
for use of their own motorcycles on a rental basis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that after December 31,

1944, the T. W. A. deal directly with the City of
Las Vegas and any money due the City of Las Vegas,
after the lease is agreed upon, will be made
retroactive to January 1, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
authorized to negotiate with T. W. A. for proposed
auxiliary building, if location meets with approval
of Air Corps, C.A.A. and conforms with Western Air
plan for expansion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that proposition No. 3 as
submitted by the Las Vegas Gold Club Association,
as follows: "That the City lease to the proposed
corporation sufficient ground upon which to erect a
Club House to cost, with furnishings, at least
$25,000, which said corporation agrees to erect,
and the City agree to maintain the present golf
course for the term of said lease, in a proper and
suitable manner, with a minimum expenditure on the
part of the City to be $8,000 per annum." be
accepted by the Board of City Commissioners, if and
when a proper lease-agreement is reached between
the Board of City Commissioners and the Las Vegas
Golf Club Association.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the checks accompany-
ing the bids of Ira Godring and Stock's Mills be
returned to them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, and Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the
Electrical Board of Examiners of December 13, 1944
be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
be the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

At the time, bids for a steam cleaner were
opened from the following firms:

Motor Supply Co.	$595.00

Keelite Prod. Inc,	$628.70

Turco Prod.	$640.00

General Auto Supply	$635.00

Commissioner Smith 	moved that the bid of Motor Supply

Company of $595.00 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent Commissioner Clark.
BIDS-plumbing

GAMING APPLICATION
GAMING APPLICATION

LIQUOR APPLICATION

GAMING APPLICATION
LIQUOR APPLICATION

LIQUOR APPLICATION

At this time bids for Huntridge Park Sprinkler
system were opened from	the	 following	firms:

McQuay Supply	(do not	carry)

Buckner Mfg. Co.	$504.80

Commissioner Bates moved	 that the bid	of Buckner

Mfg. Co. in the sum of $504.80 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of
Dave Stearns for one race horse book at the
Jack Pot at 116 E. Fremont be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of
P. O. Silvagni for one roulette at the Player’s
Club in the Apache Hotel building be granted when
the building is made to conform with the Ordinance
governing gambling houses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
voting no, Commissioner Bates. Absent Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
of Mayme V. Stocker for a retail tavern liquor
license at 15 Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner 3ates
voting no. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application
of Mayme V. Stocker for one roulette at 15 Fremont
be granted.

Motion lost for want of a second.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
of Jack Roach for wholesale beverage and importer’s
beverage-liquor license at 830 So. Main be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; voting
no, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of
Gus Klein for a retail liquor license at Main and
Charleston be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, Smith voting aye; voting no,

His Honor. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager
be authorized to make the necessary emergency
decisions in connection with the current construction
of the firestation; such decision or changes in
plans are to be ratified by the City Commissioners
at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the Board
at this time, Commissioner Corradetti moved that the
Board recess to December 28, 1944 at 2:00 o’clock P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.
Las Vegas, Nevada

December 28, 1944

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 28th day of December, 1944.
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem

A.	F. Smith, Sr., at the hour of 2:00 o’clock P.M.
with the following members present:	Commissioners

3ates and Corradetti; City Manager, Chas. C. McCall;

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; Chief Deputy City
Clerk, Mildred Mastny. Absent:	Commissioner Clark,

Mayor E. W. Cragin and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

 

Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith, Sr. dispensed with the
reading of minutes.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Warrants #284
to 292 inclusive in the sum of $16,656.88 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr. voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark and Mayor

E. W. Cragin.

The following renewals of gaming, slot machine, liquor and
beverage applications were presented to the Board for its
consideration:

PAYROLL WARRANTS

GAMING, SLOT MACHINE,
LIQUOR AND BEVERAGE
APPLICATIONS-Renewals

NAME	REPRESENTATIVE	ADDRESS	TYPE

Adams Grocery	Lee Hughes	816 Fremont	1	slot

Al's Bar	Al Salton	111 So. First St.	16	slots

Apache Bar	P.	O.	Silvagni	Second and Fremont	15	slots

Apache Hotel	P.	O.	Silvagni	Second and Fremont	3	slots

B and B Market	F.	J.	Brady	818 South 5th. St.	4	slots

B and H Grocery	Sam	Lafer	402	Bonanza	1	slot

Ball Grocery	Lee	Hughes	404	South 2nd.	St.	1	slot

Barbecue Corral	Jack Pruitt	1407 So. 5th. St.	2 slots

Bell Drive In	Pat	Rozzelle	729	South 5th.	St.	1	slot

Belvedere Grocery	Lee	Hughes	H and Harrison	1	slot

Betty's Cafe	Bessie Fraser	1039 So. Main St.	2	slots

Black Cat Cafe	Lee Hughes	418 W. Madison	2	slots

Boulder Club Inc.	(Bar)	P.	J.	Goumond	122 Fremont	4	slots

Boulder Club Inc.	P.	J.	Goumond	118 Fremont	33	slots

1	tango-100 chairs	1	pan

1	race horse	keno	2	poker

2	roulettes	1	big six

2	craps	5	"21"

1 Faro Bank
1 race horse book

Boulder Drug	Harry Farnow	121	Fremont	7	 slots

Boulder Liquor Store	L.	R.	Schway	423 Fremont	4	slots

Brown Derby	P.	L.	Jefferson	320 Monroe	4	slots

Bus Terminal	Ida Walker	127	So.	1st.	St.	2	slots

Busy Bee Cafe	John Stathis	105	No.	1st.	St.	2	slots

Cardinal Sand.	Shop	Pat Rozello	508	Fremont St.	6	 slots

Christie and Corey	George G. Parry	122	So.	1st.	St.	3	slots

City Drug	Frank Bollig	231	Fremont St.	7	slots

Corents	Jimmie Fulcher	2nd	and Fremont	3	slots

Cotton Club	Moe Taub	500 Jackson	6	slots

1 race horse	keno	1	blackjack

1 craps	2	poker

Cut Rate Liquor	Josie Dondich	132	So. 5th.	St.	2	slots

Deluxe Sand. Shop	Harold Hunter	127	So.	2nd.	St.	3	slots

Desert Inn Grocery	Jack Weisberger	1715 So. 5th. St.	2	slots

Dick’s Bar	R. Roshl	118	No.	1st.	St.	2	slots

Dew Drop Cafe	Lee Hughes	1315 D. St.	1	slot

Do Drop Inn	Jake Ensley	1315 D. St.	2	slots

Edmond's Associated	Lee Hughes	5th and Carson	1	slot

Eight Ball Bar	Abe Kroloff	117	North First	8	slots

El Cortez Hotel-dining	Joseph Alexa	6th	and Fremont	3	slots

El Cortez Hotel-bar	Joseph Alexa	6th	and Fremont	4	slots

El Cortez Hotel-casino	Joseph Alexa	6th	and Fremont	5	slots

2 "21"

1 roulette

1	craps

El Cortez Hotel-lobby	Joseph Alexa	6th	and Fremont	10	slots

El Morrocco	Frank Wilson	1332 "E" Street	3	 slots

2	poker
1 craps

Esquire	Louis Mack	120 South Second	4	slots

Ethel Family Liquor	Ethel Rapport	411 Fremont	1	slot

Ethel Family Liquor	Ethel Rapport	28 Fremont	1	slot
NAME	REPRESENTATIVE	ADDRESS	TYPE

Food Center	Albert Goot	770	Fremont St.	5	slots

Foreign Club	Walter Argyle	1ll	No. 1st. St.	2	slots

Fremont Arcade	M. B. Abrams	105	Fremont	34	slots

1 craps
1 "21"

Fremont Tavern	James Fare	105	So. First	3	slots

Frontier Club	J. W. Schaum	117	Fremont	37	slots

3	blackjack	1	pan

4	poker	3	craps

2	roulette	1	keno

1 hopper keno-102 ch.   1	race	horse

book

Gilbert Bros.	Jimmie Fulcher	316 Bonanza	4	slots

Golden Camel Bar	Joe Morgan	110 No. 1st. St.	4	slots

Horseshoe Cafe	John Montoya	118½ North First St.    2	slots

Hughes Grocery	Lee Hughes	Jackson 509	1	slot

Jackpot Club	Nate Mack	116 Fremont	5	slots

1 "21"

1 craps
1 roulette

Jimmies Bar	R. Roschl	807 So. Main St.	3	slots

John’s Desert Inn	John Anton	1503 So. 5th. St.	1	slot

Johnson Grocery	Blaine Johnson	630 South 5th. St.	1	slot

Kiva Bar	P. O. Silvagni	2nd and Fremont	8	slots

Kiva Bar	Jack Pruitt	2nd and Fremont	1	slot

Knipp, George	Jack Weisberger	1711 Fremont	1	slot

Las Vegas	Barbecue	Louis	DuBois	22	Fremont	3	slots

Las Vegas	Club	J.	K.	Houssels	21-23 Fremont	29	slots

1 pan	1 poker

3	"21"	1	roulette

1 craps	1 faro

1 race horse	book	1	r.h.keno

1	tango-130 chairs

Las Vegas Liquor Store	Charles Travis	812 Fremont	1	slot

Las Vegas	Pharmacy	W.	E.	Ferron	32	Fremont	2	slots

Las Vegas	Tavern	J.	K.	Houssels	19	Fremont	7	slots

Lee's Drive Inn	Lee Hughes	10th and Fremont	2	slots

Leonard’s Stand	Pat Rozzelle	324½ Fremont	5	slots

Lido Bar	Anna Mae Weller	107 North First	4	slots

Log Cabin	Jack Pruitt	124 North First	1	slot

Log Cabin	Clifford Griggs	122 North First	3	slots

Low Price Market	Lee Hughes	Main and Stewart	1	slot

Mandalay Bar	W. E. Greene	111 Fremont	10	slots

Market Spot	J. W. McMichael	117 Carson	4	slots

Marks Food Company	Mark S. Schulman	1500 Fremont	6	slots

Mike’s Liquor Store	S. J. Gordon	106 Fremont	4	slots

Mom’s Lunch	Phyllis Helm	1401 Fremont	2	slots

Nevada Bar	Ralph S. Purdy	115 North 1st. St.	5	slots

Nevada Biltmore	Thomas A. Campbell	600 North Main	9	slots

2	"21" - 1 roulette 1	craps

Nevada Coffee Shop	George J. Adras	113 North First	2	slots

New Overland Cafe	Sun Wing Won	6 Fremont	4	slots

Oasis Cafe	Charles Bennett	123 Fremont	4	slots

Oklahoma Cafe	Boysie Ensley	220 North 1st. St.	3	slots

Oppedyk Dairy	M. Wan Der Meer	600 North Main St.	1	slot

Orange Julius	Pat Rozzelle	405 Fremont	5	slots

Orton’s Grill	Lee Hughes	121 South 5th. St.	2	slots

Overland Bar	J. K. Houssels	6 Fremont	4	slots

Overland Hotel	L. M. Wilson	Main and Fremont	2	3lots

P and B Cafe	R. Roschl	200 North First	1	slot

Pioneer Club	Charles Addison	25 Fremont	38	slots

2 pan	6 poker

1	race horse	keno	7 "21"

2	roulette	2 craps

1 faro bank

Pioneer Lounge	Charles Addison	25 Fremont	7	slots

Playland Arcade	George Parry	129 So. First	41	slots

Pony Express	Earl E. Wilson	123 So. 1st. St.	7	slots

Pool Hall	Guy McAfee	125 Fremont	9	slots

Prescription Pharmacy	Lee Hughes	814 Fremont	1	slot

Professional Pharmacy	Lee Hughes	423 Fremont	4	slots

Rancho Grande Creamery	Bert O’Donnell	406 South Second	1	slot

Recreation Tavern	V. M. Benson	123 South Second	4	slots

Red’s Richfield	Jack Weisberger	300 Fremont	1	slot

Rex Bar	R. Roschl	128 South first	2	Blots
NAME	REPRESENTATIVE	ADDRESS	TYPE

S and S Donut Shop	Jack Pruitt	124½ North First	1 slot

Sal Sagev Hotel-lobby	Abe Miller	1 Fremont	5 slots

Sal Sagev Tavern	J. K. Houssels	l Fremont	8 slots

Sam's Cafe	John A. Katsaros	320 Fremont	5 slots

Saveway Drug	Jack Weisberger	14 Fremont	1 slot

Saveway Drug	Max Ingalls	18 Fremont	7 slots

Sewell's	V. R. Shurtleff	307 Fremont	2 slots

Shady Rest Cafe	Lee	Hughes	F and Jackson	2	slots

Sill's	Orpha Sill Miller	5th and	Charleston	4	slots

Silver Cafe	Joe	Morgan	106 No.	1st. St.	4	slots

Silver Club	Joe	Morgan	108 No.	1st. St.	2	slots

2 "21"	1	crap

1 roulette

Silver State Newsstand	R. Roschl	110 South Second	4 slots

Silver State Texaco	Lee Hughes	5th and Fremont	1 slot

Smith’s Drive In	Walter Askew	513 Stewart	2 slots

Smith's Root Beer Stand	R. Roschl	Third & Stewart	1 slot

Snyder’s Grocery	L. L. Snyder	300	Bonanza	1	slot

Snyder's Grocery	Frank Lancaster	300	Bonanza	2	slots

Southwestern Liquor	Ted Konduris	101	Carson	3	slots

Spic 'N Span	Lester Goldring	129	Fremont	1	slot

State Cafe	M. C. Kress	20 Fremont	4 slots

The Slot Machine	M. B. Abrams	101	Fremont	35	slots

Thrifty Market	R. Roschl	1st	and Charleston	3	slots

Tip's Cafe	Edward Tip Rowe	1516 So. 5th. St.	2 slots

Tivoli Bar	Lee Hughes	126	North 1st. St.	1	slot

Tivoli Tavern	J. B. Gaut	126	North 1st. St.	3	slots

Town Barbecue	E. D. Ciliax	506	Fremont	3	slots

Trail Cafe	John Katsaros	13 Fremont	1	slot

Underhill's Bowling	C. C. Underhill	125	South Second	8	slots

White Cross Drug	Aurelia Scheel	201	Fremont	2	slots

White Spot Cafe	J. S. Pappas	109	Fremont	8	slots

Wimpy's	Orpha Sill Miller	210	Fremont	3	slots

Westside Tavern	Charley Welch	206	Wilson	3	slots

Westside Cafe	Lee Hughes	D and Madison	2 slots

Al's Bar	Al Salton	111 So. First	Retail Tavern

Apache Bar-back	P.	O.	Silvagni	2nd	and Fremont	Retail Tavern

Apache Bar-front	P.	O.	Silvagni	2nd	and Fremont	Retail Tavern

Apache Bar	P.	O.	Silvagni	2nd	and Fremont   Importers

Apache Lounge	P.	O.	Silvagni	2nd	and Fremont	Cocktail Lounge

B and B Market	F.	J.	Brady	818	South Fifth	Retail Liquor

B.P.O.E.	O.	K.	Adock	128	South Third	Club Liquor

Ball Grocery	Lewis E. Ball	404 South Second	Retail Beverage

Barbecue Corral	Eugene Gilbert	1407 South Fifth	Retail Beverage

Betty’s Cafe	Bessie Fraser	1039 South Main	Retail Beverage

Bill’s Lunch	O.	H.	Hillman	217	North Main3	Retail Beverage

Boulder Club Inc.	P.	J.	Goumond	122	Fremont	Retail Tavern

Boulder Club Inc.	P.	J.	Goumond	120	Fremont	Retail Beverage

Boulder Liquor Store	L.	R.	Schway	423	Fremont	Importer’s

Sealed Pkg-mina.

Brown Derby Bar	P. L. Jefferson	320 Monroe        Retail 	Beverage

Cardinal Sand. Shop	Ray Knearl	508 Fremont	Retail Beverage

Charleston Grocery	A. R. Stowell	Charleston Blvd.	Retail Beverage

Cotton Club	Moe Taub	500 Jackson	Retail Tavern

Coca-Cola Bottling	E. 0. Underhill	424 North Main Whl. Beverage

Importers

Cut Rate Liquor	Store	Josie Dondich	132 So. Fifth	Sealed	pkg.-mina.

Dick’s Bar	Richard D. Gard	118 North 1st. St. Retail Beverage

Do Drop In	Jake Ensley	1315 Jackson	Retail Beverage

Dollar Market	Herman Silverman	419 North Main	Retail Beverage

El Cortez Hotel	M. B. Hicks	600 Fremont	Retail Tavern

Cocktail Lounge

El Morrocco	Frank Wilson	1322 F Street	Retail	Tavern

Eight Ball Bar	Abe Kroloff	117	North 1st.	Retail	Tavern

Esquire	Louis Mack	120	South 2nd.	Retail	Tavern

Ethel's Store #1	Ethel Rapaport	28 Fremont	Sealed	pkg-mina.

Importers

Ethel's Store #2	Ethel Rapaport	411	Fremont	Sealed	pkg-mina.

Food Center	Albert Goot	770	Fremont	Retail	Liquor

Importers

Foreign Club	Walter Argyle	111	First St.	Retail	Tavern

Fremont Tavern Inc.	James Fare	105	So. 1st.	Retail	Tavern

Frontier Club	J. W. Schaum	117	Fremont	Retail	Beverage

Gilbert Bros.	C.V.T. Gilbert	314 	Bonanza	Retail	Liquor

Golden Camel Bar	Joe Morgan	110	North 1st.	Retail	Tavern

Green Lantern	George Guice	501	Jackson	Retail	Beverage
NAME	REPRESENTATIVE	ADDRESS	TYPE

Jimmie’s Bar	O. L. Christiernson	807 South Main	Retail Beverage

John’s Desert In	John Anton	1503 So. 5th.	Retail Beverage

Johnson's Grocery	Blaine Johnson	630 So. 5th. St.	Retail Beverage

Kiva Bar	P. O. Silvagni	2nd and Fremont	Retail Tavern

Koffee Kup	    James J. Adras	125 E. Fremont Retail Restaurant

Las Vegas Club	J. K. Houssels	21-23 Fremont	Retail Beverage

Las Vegas Dist. Co.	Jerry Masek	508 South Main	Whl. Liquor

Importers

Los Vegas Liquor Store	Charles M. Travis	812 Fremont	Sealed Pkg.-mina.

Importers

Las Vegas Tavern	J. K. Houssels	19 Fremont	Retail	Tavern

Lee's Drive In	Les Mitchell	10th and Fremont Retail	Beverage

Lido Bar	Anna Mae Weller	107	North First	Retail	Tavern

Log Cabin Bar	Clifford Griggs	122	North First	Retail	Tavern

Mandalay Bar	W. E. Greene	111	Fremont	Retail	Tavern

Marks Food Co.	Mark Schulman	1500 Fremont	Retail Liquor

Market Spot	James W. McMichael	117	Carson	Retail	Liquor

Mike’s Liquor Store	S. J. Gordon	106	Fremont	Retail	Tavern

Importers

Horn's Lunch	Phyllis Helm	1400 Fremont	Retail	Beverage

Nevada Bar	Ralph S. Purdy	115 No. 1st.	Retail	Tavern

Nevada Beverage Co.	Pat Clark	1212-16 So. 3rd. Whl. Liquor

Importers

Nevada Biltmore	Thomas A. Campbell	600 Main	Retail Tavern

Importer's
Retail Cabaret

Oklahoma Cafe	Boysie Ensley	220	No.	1st.	Retail	Beverage

Orton’s Grill	Ray Lundy	121	So.	5th.	Retail	Beverage

Overlend Bar	J. K. Houssels	6 Fremont	Retail Tavern

Pearl's Cafe	Paralee Adams	224	No.	1st.	Retail	Beverage

Pioneer Club	Charles Addison	25 Fremont	Retail Tavern

Importer's

Pioneer Club	Charles Addison	25 Fremont	Beverage

Playland Bar	George G. Parry	131	So.	1st.	Retail	Tavern

Pony Express Coffee Shop	S. D. Christie	123	So.	1st.	Retail	Beverage

Recreation Tavern	V. M. Benson	123 South Second	Retail Tavern

Rex Bar	Andrew Petitti	124 South First	Retail Tavern

Safeway Stores	Kenneth Tinsley	122 South Second	Retail Beverage

Importer's

Sal Sagev Tavern	J. K. Houssels	1 Fremont	Retail Tavern

Sam’s Cafe	John A. Katsaros	320 Fremont	Retail	Restaurant

Saveway Drug	Ed W. Clark	18 Fremont	Sealed	Pkg.-mina.

Sewell's	V. R. Shurtleff	307 Fremont	Whl. Beverage

Retail Beverage

Shay's Bar-B-Que	Audrey Shay	1501 So. 5th.	Retail Beverage

Sill's	Orpha Sill Miller	5th and Charleston Retail Beverage

Smith's Drive In	Walter C. Askew	311	Stewart	Retail	Beverage

Southwestern Liquor Store	Ted Konduris	101	Carson	Sealed	Pkg-mina,

Spic 'N Span	Lester Goldring	129	Fremont	Retail	Beverage

State Cafe	M. C. Kress	202 Fremont	Retail Restaurant

Thrifty Market	Gus Klein	Main & Charleston Retail	Beverage

Tip's Cafe	Edward Tip Rowe	1516 So. Fifth	Retail	Beverage

Tivoli Tavern	J. B. Gaut	126	No. 1st.	Retail	Tavern

Town Barbecue	E. D. Ciliax	506	Fremont	Retail	Beverage

Watters, J.T. - Whl.	John J. DeLuca	120-122 No. 2nd. Whl. Liquor

Importer's

Westside Tavern	Mary Keenan	306	Wilson	Retail	Beverage

White Spot Cafe	John Pappas	109	Fremont	Retail	Restaurant

Wimpy’s	J. M. Sill	201	Fremont	Retail	Beverage

BEVERAGE APPLICATION

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing renewals
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr. voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark and Mayor E.

W. Cragin.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Sam Lafer of the B and H Grocery at 402 W. Bonanza for
retail beverage license be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr. voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark and Mayor E. W. Cragin.
BEVERAGE APPLICATION
New Oasis Cafe

SLOT MACHINE APPL'N.
Charleston Grocery

APPLICATIONS

M. E. LEAVITT-status

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
of James J. Adras of the New Oasis Cafe at 123 E.
Fremont for retail restaurant beverage license be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark

and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
A. R. Stowell of Charleston Grocery at Charleston and
A Streets for one slot machine be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr. voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark and

Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that any new applications for
gambling or liquor licenses will be held over until
such time as a full Board can pass on them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Clark
and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that no action be taken upon
M. E. Leavitt's status until such time as a full
Board can meet.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye; noes none. Absent, Commissioner Clark
and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that M. E. Leavitt be
retained after the first of the year as Street 

Foreman in that capacity and if any other changes in
regard to his position as County Commissioner, that
it take its legal course.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

voting aye; voting no, His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F.
Smith Sr. Absent:	Commissioner Clark and Mayor E. W.

Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that his previous motion
be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates

and Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F.

Smith Sr. voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

The following is inserted in the minutes at the
request of His Honor Mayor Pro Tem, A. F. Smith, Sr.:

Opinion of City Attorney

"Legally I think he can. Practically, no. We have
the same condition in about four places in the City
Charter where the Charter mentions merely the Board
of Commissioners and the Mayor. The reason I say it
does not apply to Mr. Leavitt’s case is that the City
Charter refers to the Mayor and the Commissioners  
because they are the governing body of the organization
and because they have the right to use discretion in
granting contracts and making purchases and in using
discretion in payment, whereas an ordinary employee
of the City does not have the authority. This I make
in view of our City Charter alone. I haven’t made a
study of the State Statutes on this. I presume that
possibly there is some restriction as far as County
Commissioners are concerned, wherein it is prohibited
that a county employee hold office with the City 

Commission or any other public body."
Commissioner Bates moved that in view of the fact
that the Attorney for the City of Las Vegas has
ruled that nothing is illegal concerning M. E.

Leavitt holding a position as Clark County Commissioner
and Street Foreman for the City of Las Vegas, provided
that the time spent during a normal working day for the
County shall be deducted from the pay which is
forthcoming from the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Clark
and Mayor E. W. Cragin. Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye by reason of the City Attorney's declaration
and opinion that this is legal.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
adjourn until Saturday, January 6, 1945 at 10:00
o'clock A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem
A. F. Smith, Sr., voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

T. W. A. LEASE

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 6, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 6th day of January, 1945: meeting called
to order at the hour of 10:15 AM by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, and Corradetti. City
Manager, Charles C. McCall; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed
and City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. Absent,
Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of
December 15, 22, and 28 of the year 1944 be approved
by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Bates moved that that certain motion
made December 22 re: T. W. A. lease; be amended
to read that the T. W. A. deal directly with the
City after the termination of their contract with
the Western Air Express and that after the lease
is agreed upon that it is to be made retroactive to
February 1, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark end Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Smith.
MECHANICS WAGES	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager

be instructed to contact Glen Anderson relative to
mechanics wages for such employees of the City,
and that the results of that meeting are to be
effective as of January 15.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

RESIGNATION-Kenneth Van Vorst     Commissioner Clark moved that the resignation of

Kenneth Van Vorst be accepted as of December 31,

1944. City Manager directed to so notify him.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark and Corradetti; and His Honor voting aye;

  noes, none. Absent Commissioner Smith.

TAXI STAND - U. P. DEPOT	City Manager McCall presented the request of Lee Spiers

for Taxi stand at the new Union Pacific Depot, and
stated that all Taxi Companies desired the same privilege.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the matter
be held up for further investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
      none. Absent Commissioner Smith.

WAGE SCALE FOR 1945	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City

Commissioners adopt the wage scale for 1945 as 

submitted by City Manager McCall with the exception of
City Clerk's Office and Mechanics in the Street
Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner 3ates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

WAR MEMORIAL BUILDING - Boxing   Commissioner Clark moved that the request for use of

the War Memorial Building to stage boxing bouts be
denied, on the ground that a previous ruling of the
Board prehibits using the building for that purpose.
However, the Board is willing to give any outside
facilities they have for this cause and assist them
in any way possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORT	     Mayor Cragin ordered the Building, Electrical and

Plumbing report for the month of December 1944 filed.

PURPOSED MILK ORDINANCE	  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be

directed to draw up a Milk Ordinance as recommended
by the United States Public Health Service.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners 3ates, Clark,

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

  Absent Commissioner Smith.

RESIGNATION - A. H. Harrington,    Commissioner Bates moved that the resignation of
Planning Commission	  A. H. Harrington, from the Planning Commission be

APPOINTMENT - Max Kelch	   accepted, and Max Kelch be appointed to fill the

unexpired term.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti end His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Smith.

GAMING APPLICATIONS RENEWED      Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming

applications be approved:

Geo. Guice, The Green Lantern, 501 Jackson St., four
slot machines.

Mrs. S. Saunders, Victory Sandwich Shop, 116 So. 1st.

St., one slot machine.

Paralee Adams, Pearl’s Cafe, 224 No. 1st. St., two
slot machines.

Frank C. Kernan, Shay’s Bar B-Que Cafe, 1501 So. 5th.

St., one slot machine.

Joe E. Morgan, Silver Club, 108 No. 1st. St., one crap
game.

R. D. Bingham, Modern Food Market, 315 Fremont, two
slot machines.
LARNIN’S DRUG STORE
LIQUOR APPLICATION

GAMING LICENSE
LARNIN’S DRUG STORE

LIQUOR APPLICATION -
Gus Klein - Thrifty Market

GAMING APPLICATION -
Monte Carlo

PACKAGE LIQUOR LICENSE
Earl’s Liquor Store

GAMING LICENSE -
Player’s Club

SERVICE AND MATERIAL WARRANTS

PROCLAMATION - Swimming Pool

PROCLAMATION

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas is greatly in need of recreation facilities for
the citizens of the community, particularly the children, and,

WHEREAS the construction of swimming pools for the City of Las Vegas would, in
part, meet the need for recreational facilities,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
of I. J. Larnin for retail liquor license (package)
at Larnin’s Drug Store, 812 So. 5th. St. be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark
and Corradetti voting aye; Mayor Cragin voted no.
Absent Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
of Jack Furnace for a license to operate four slot
machines at the Larnin’s Drug Store, 810 So. 5th.

St., be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
of Gus Klein for a retail liquor package license
at South Main and Charleston, Thrifty Market, be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark

and Corradetti voting aye; no, Mayor Cragin.

Absent Commission Smith.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of
Wilbur Clark and Mayme V. Stocker for one crap
table at the Monte Carlo, 15 Fremont St., be
granted, providing they comply with Ordinance 165.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Bates. Absent Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of.

Earl Turman for a package liquor license at 501
Jackson St. be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of
P. O. Silvagni at the Player’s Club in the Apache
Hotel Building for one roulette table, one crap
game and one "21" game be allowed, provided he comply
with Ordinance 165.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Bates. Absent Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material
Warrants, numbers 293 to 299 inclusive (with the 

exception of warrant 297-6 in the sum of $50.00.) in
the amount of $55,107.63 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board of City
Commissioners issue the following Proclamation; and
that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign
same. Further that the City Clerk publish it in
a Las Vegas paper as provided by the City Charter.


NOW THEREFORE, by reason of the authority vested in the Board of City 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas by Subsection 5 of Section 31 of the Las Vegas
City Charter, approved March 16, 1911, as amended, the Board of City Commissioners
do proclaim as follows:

1. That the City of Las Vegas construct two (2) swimming pools in the City

of Las Vegas; one of said pools to be located in that area now occupied by the City
race track, and one swimming pool to be located on the West Side, Las Vegas, Nevada.
That the construction of said swimming pools and facilities necessary to operate
said pools shall not cost in excess of One Hundred and Sixty Thousand Dollars
($160,000.00) in total. That said One Hundred and Sixty Thousand Dollars is the
estimated cost of said construction, as per report of the City Engineer and the City
Manager of the City of Las Vegas.

2.	That the City of Las Vegas shall issue bonds for the full sum of One Hundred
and Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) to cover the cost of said construction; said
bonds to be payable within twenty (20) years from the date of issuing the same, and
to carry interest not in excess of four percent (4%) per annum, and to be payable
from that fund to be known as Swimming Pool Bond Fund.

The Board of City Commissioners will pass an ordinance providing for the 

construction of said swimming pools and for the issuance of the bonds for said construction
at a regular meeting of said City Commission to be held February 7, 1945 at 2:00 P.M.
on said date in the City Hall, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
at which time any parties havint objection to said action of the Board of City
Commissioners shall be present and make said reason known, if any, why said action
should not be taken by the Board of City Commissioners.

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

By /s/ E. W. Cragin________

E. W. Cragin, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed ________

Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent Commissioner Smith.

	There being no further business to come before the

Board at this time, Commissioner Bates moved this
meeting adjourn until January the 22nd at the hour
of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Smith.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 8, 1945

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Commissioners’ Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building
on Monday, the 8th of January, 1945 at the hour of 10:00 A.M., to act upon the
following matter:

1. To purchase lots for fire station site in Huntridge Tract.

/s/ E. W. Cragin_________

Mayor
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. Cragin, and to Pat Clark, Walter Bates, Al Corradetti, A. F. Smith, Sr.,

and to Chas. C. McCall, Commissioners, Mayor, and City Manager of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued
by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on Monday, January 8th, 1945 at the hour of 10:00 A.M.,
to consider the following business.

1. To purchase lots for fire station site in Huntridge Tract.

/s/ Helen Scott Reed_______

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor, Commissioners and City Manager of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

/s/ E. W. Cragin_____________ ____________________________________________

/s/ Pat Clark_____________________________________________________________

/s/ Walter B. Bates____________________________________________________

Meeting was called to order at the hour of 10:00

A.M. by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the
following members present:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, and His Honor, Mayor Cragin. City Attorney,
Louis Wiener, Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following
resolution be adopted, and approved.

RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas purchase lot
two (2) Block two (2) Huntridge Subdivision Tract
One (1), which according to Plat on file in Book
Two of Plat, page 32, and Lot one (1) and two (2),

Block two (2) of Huntridge Subdivision Tract Two
according to Plat on file of Book Two, page 37,
for the sum of $1500.00.

City Clerk authorized to write a warrant in that
amount to cover purchase.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioners Smith and Corradetti.

RESOLUTION -	       Commissioner Clark moved that the following 

resolution be approved and adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED that the City Manager be authorized
to specify the requirements as to construction of
Maryland Parkway, extending from Charleston 

Boulevard south to the first alley north of Francis Avenue
as the condition upon which the City will accept
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Corradetti and Smith.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
ajourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Corradetti and Smith.
Las Vegas, Nevada
January 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of January, 1945:	Meeting called

to order at the hour of 3:20 P. M. with the following
members present:	Mayor E. W. Cragin; Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Smith. City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr., City Manager, Chas. C. McCall,
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the regular
meeting of January 6th be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that payroll claims Nos. 300 -
308 inclusive, totaling $14,023.09 net, be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material
Warrants, Nos. 309 to 310 inclusive in the sum of
$6,406.04* be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that that certain agreement
presented by City Manager, Chas. C. McCall, for rental
of motorcycles from Geo. Bondley, Harry A. Meige,

Bob S. Cooper, Chas. C. Pinjuv be approved, and the
Mayor, City Clerk, and City Manager be authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
authorized to submit proposed agreement for fire
protection outside the City limits, to the Clark County
Commissioners for their approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
directed to notify the Western Air Express that it is
their obligation to furnish water at the Airport
Terminal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be
directed to add the Westside U.S.O. Building to the
City Fire Insurance schedule.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
directed to notify Leavitt and Neeley that the Board
does not feel justified in extending the lease, on
land adjacent to the new disposal plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City approve that
certain agreement between the City of Las Vegas and
Robert Stanton, Architect, for professional services
relative to the erection of Police Station, and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

PAYROLL CLAIM

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

AGREEMENT - MOTORCYCLE
RENTAL

AGREEMENT - FIRE PROTECTION
AIRPORT TERMINAL - WATER

U.S.O. WESTSIDE - INSURANCE

LEASE - NEELEY & LEAVITT
EXTENSION

AGREEMENT - ROBERT STANTON
CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE -
CLAIM

WOODLAWN CEMETERY

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the claim of Clark County
Wholesale in the sum of $578.10 for repair of garbage
truck, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendations of
the Cemetery Board re-establishing prices of lots in
Woodlawn Cemetery be approved. Further that the Clerk
be directed to copy the minutes of the Cemetery Board
of their meeting of January 18, 1945 into the regular
City Commissioners minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MINUTES OF MEETING OF LAS VEGAS CEMETERY BOARD,

January 18, 1945:

Meeting was called at the home of Henry Deadrich,

711 South Sixth Street, at 7:15 P. M. Members present:
Henry Deadrich, Reverend A. C. Melton, and Howard
Hoover. Others present:	Harold Laird, Deputy City

Clerk.

After discussing questionnaires received from several
cities concerning cemetery lot prices, motion was made
by Reverend A. C. Melton, proposing prices of lots in
Woodlawn Cemetery as follows, subject to approval of
the City Council.

All lots in blocks U and V at $80.00 each; all blocks
W and T at $65.00 each; blocks S and 0 at $40.00 each;
blocks P and Q, at $65.00 each; block R at $40.00 each;
in addition all lots sold from this date in block F at
$65.00 each; block D1 at $60.00 each; infant lots,
blocks 3 and C at $15.00 each.

Motion was seconded by Howard Hoover and carried.
Hoover, Melton and Deadrich voting aye.

Meeting was adjourned at 9:15 P. M.

Respectfully submitted,

/s/ Henry S. Deadrich_________

Henry Deadrich, Chairman

BUDGET - 1945	The following City Budget was presented to the Board

for their consideration:

Page 1

CITY BUDGET

Budget of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1945
Information required:

Assessed Valuation—	Actual	Estimated

1944	1945

Real Estate and Improvements.........$	9,702,145.50	$	9,900,000.00

Personal Property (County tax roll

plus Assessor's collections)......	1,755,767.00	$	1,827,421.00

Net Proceeds of mines...............

Total taxable property...............$	11,457,9l2.50	$	11,727,421.00

Actual tax rate 1944-.....................$	1.50

Total city taxes levied, 1944.............$	171,868.69

A.	Unencumbered balance in City Treasury on Janu-

ary 1, 1945........................................$	105,687.98

B. Revenues from taxes already levied, estimated...........$	100,729.20
C.	Nontax revenues in	1945, estimated....................$	824,163.50

D.	Expenditures 1945,	estimated..........................$	997,163.50

E.	Nontax revenues 1946, estimated........................$	816,710.00

F.	Expenditures 1946,	estimated..........................$	1,026,038.50

Explanation:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total balance less warrants outstanding
on January 1. Exclude all special funds.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied

in the previous year and uncollected, and collections from taxes
now delinquent.

C.	See	Schedule	No.	1,	Col.	2.

D.	See	Schedule	No.	2,	Col.	2.

E.	See	Schedule	No.	1,	Col.	3.

F.	See	Schedule	No.	2,	Col.	3.

Page 2

SCHEDULE NUMBER 1
REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

General Fund:	Actual	Estimated Estimated

1944	1945	1946

Licenses....................$ 288,591.55 $ 296,500.00 $ 279,000.00

Fines and fees................. 53,314.72	59,085.00	46,000.00

Permits......................... 4,800.20	4,500.00	5,000.00

Poll taxes..................... 18,672.00	18,000.00	15,000.00

Sales and rentals............... 4,485.39	4,450.00	5,000.00

Garbage disposal............... 27,678.65	40,000.00	40,000.00

Water operations..................... -

Electric operations.................. -

Sewer operations..................... -

Interest on city funds.......	-

Percent corporate earnings..	-

County road fund..................... -	2,500.00	5,000.00

Airports........................ 4,743.00	4,740.00	6,000.00

Tourist camps........................ -

Bond sales........................... -	300,000.00	260,000.00

Emergency loans................ 25,000.00	82,073.50	150,000.00

Special street improvements. 2,302.96	1,815.00	1,710.00

Miscellaneous................... 1,933.78	1,500.00	2,000.00

Cemetery Department............. 8,424.00	9,000.00	12,000.00

Total...........................  $439,946.25	$ 824,163.50	$ 816,710.00

Page 3

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2
CITY EXPENDITURES

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1944	1945	1946

Administration salaries.........$ 59,693.52	$ 69,120.00	$	70,000.00

Administration expenses............ 12,483.98	18,615.00	20,000.00

Police salaries.................... 85,148.90	87,100.00	90,000.00

Police department expenses.......	23,953.56	170,100.00	35,000.00
_	Estimated	Estimated

AllZ	1945	1946

*	sl6 82	* 81,625.00	$	85,000.00

Fire department salaries........$ 53,53°*	^

rtio 11	26,318.00	30,000.00

Fire department expenses........ 27,81°*

m1 31	60,000.00	90,000.00

Street department salaries......	55,'4-1-*-7

Street deDartment expenses......	39,658.12	54,972.00	95,000.00

City parks...................... 6,186.00	175,210.00	40,000.00

_	.	o	037.00	3,325.00	5,000.00

Legal expenses.................. 3»u-7'

.	m2 50	4,630.00	5,000.00

City court...................... 3,74^***	'>

M	,,	i?7.50	21,695.00	50,000.00

Electric lights and power....... 13,1^' p

Motor vehicles, Incl. in depts..

„	779.88	38,925.00	50.000.00

Sewage disposal & Sewer Main....

xr	. .	*0 046.90	61,760.00	62,000.00

Health and sanitation........... o3»'^

Tourist camps...................

.	561.85	5,000.00	2,000.00

. ni	,	355.15	5,706.00	6,000.00

City hall expense............... 3,37'

r	oog 42	10,000.00	11,000.00

Insurance,	fire	&	liability....	5,39 *4

_	. ..	^	. ,	.	q 606.29	12,000.00	14,000.00

Insurance,	industrial	Comp.....	9»°u	7

„ .	,,	569.58	15,960.00	12,000.00

City Cemetery................... 14,

-	-	,	1 o 500.00	13,500.00	43,500.00

Bond redemption................. 13»"v

Q . . .	.	c 670.00	4,965.00	13,965.00

_	0	..	,	-,6 198.03	24,450.00	32,000.00

Recreation & Educational......... lo,J-7u» s	»

t * *	.*	*+*	2 263.55	5,000.00	5,000.00

Land Acquisition................... 4,tvs*''

_	-	25,187.50	82,073.50

Emergency Loan..................

..	!	324.98	2,000.00	77,500.00

Miscellaneous................... **<■■■■■

Total...............................1^293.95	*997,163.50	*1,026,038.50
Page 5

BUDGET FORMULA

RECEIPTS	EXPENDITURES

A.	Unencumbered balance January 1, 1945.....$	105,687.98

B.	Revenue from taxes already levied........ 100,729.20

C.	Nontax revenues, 1945.................... 824,163.50

D.	Expenditures 1945........................ $	997,163.50

E.	Nontax revenues 1946..................... 816,710.00

F.	Expenditures 1946........................... 1,026,038.50

G.	Balance, taxes to be levied.............. 175,911.32

Total (Receipts equal expenditures)...$2,023,202.00	$2,023,202.00

H.	Divide G. by assessed valuation

to find tax rate.......................$	1.50	$	1.50

Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935: "* * * Upon the preparation
and completion of said budget, it shall be signed by the governing board of such city,
town, municipality, school district, county high school or high school district, or
educational district, and the several sums set forth in said budget under estimated
expenditures for the then current year shall be thereby appropriated for the several
purposes therein named for the said then current year. * * *"

We hereby approve the above budget of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada for
the year 1945.

/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ Walter B. Bates___________________

Councilman

/s/ Pat Clark

Councilman

/s/ A. F. Smith. Sr.

Councilman

/s/ A. Corradetti_____________________

Councilman

Attest:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

Dated January 22______________, 1945
FORM FOR PUBLICATION	Page 6

CITY BUDGET 1945

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada
for the Year Ending December 31, 1945, as provided by Section 2,

Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935.

ASSESSED VALUATION

Actual	Estimated

Assessed Valuation:	1944	1945

Real estate and improvements...........$ 9,702,145.50	$ 9,900,000.00

Personal property....................... 1,755,767.00	1,827,421.00

Net proceeds of mines..................

Total..................................$11,457,912.50	$11,727,421.00

Actual	Estimated

Receipts:	1944	1945

Licenses................................$	288,591.55	$	296,500.00

Fines and fees............................. 53,314.72	53,585.00

Permits and inspections..................... 4,800.20	4,500.00

Poll taxes................................. 18,672.00	18,000.00

County road funds...................... —	2,500.00

Rentals and sales........................... 4,485.39	4,450.00

Percent corporate earnings.............

Bond sales and loans....................... 25,000.00	382,073.50

Miscellaneous.............................. 45,082.39	62,555.00

Taxes collected........................... 164,850.67	173,000.00

Total...................................$	604,796.92	$	997,163.50

Expenditures:

Administration..........................$	72,177.50	$	87,735.00

Police department........................  109,102.46	257,200.00

Fire department............................ 81,346.93	107,943.00

Streets and alleys.......................   95,399.43	114,972.00

Power, light and water..................... 13,127.50	21,695.00

City court and legal expenses............... 6,779.50	7,955.00

Health and sanitation...................... 63,946.90	61,760.00

Sewage disposal............................ 22,779.88	38,925.00

Motor vehicle expense..................

City parks.................................. 6,186.00	175,210.00

Debt redemption and interest...........      19,170.00	18,465.00

Miscellaneous.............................. 53,277.85	105,303.50

Total...................................$	543,293.95	$	997,163.50

City tax rate...........................$	1.50	$	1.50

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and

expenditures of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada for the current year as required
by Section 2, Chapter 44, Laws of Nevada 1935.

Attest:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed	(Signed) /s/ E. W. Cragin______________

City Clerk	Mayor

Dated______January 22_____, 1945

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing budget for
1945 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk and
members of the Board of City Commissioners be authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 

ORDINANCE - PROPOSED	An ordinance entitled, " AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE

ORDINANCE NO.294 DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY

OF IAS VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING WITH ASPHALTIC
CONCRETE SURFACE CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF
STREETS IN SAID CITY; DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE 

LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND
EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDING THE SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO
FRONTAGE; EXCEPT WHERE BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED
TO HE PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF SAID CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO." was
presented to the Board.

Proposed Ordinance No. 295, entitled, " AN ORDINANCE
DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY
GRADING FOR AND SURFACING WITH ASPHALTIC CONCRETE
SURFACE CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN
SAID CITY; DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID
IMPROVEMENTS PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE
THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDING THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS;

EXCEPT WHERE; BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID
FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO." was presented to
the Board for their consideration.

Thereafter Mayor Cragin referred said proposed 

ordinances Nos. 294 and 295 to Commissioners Bates, Clark
and Corradetti and directed then to make a report
at the next regular meeting.

FIRE STATION  	Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation of

the Pioneer Construction Company for Sub-contractors
to be used for construction of the fire station
as per their letter of January 16, 1945, be approved,
as follows:

Reinforcing steel and wire mesh	Structural and miscellaneous steel

Soule Steel Company	Industrial Steel Company

6200 Wilmington Avenue	475 W. 6th. South Street

Los Angeles, California	Salt Lake City, Utah

Electrical	Overhead	doors

Las Vegas Electric Company	James D. Parks Company

1009 South Main Street	Architects Building

Las Vegas, Nevada	Los Angeles, California

Plumbing, heating, and ventilating	Steel sash

O. K. Plumbing Company	Druwhit Metal Products Co.

205 South First St.	4703 E. 48th. Street

Las Vegas, Nevada	Los	Angeles, California

Marble partitions	Tile

Vermont Marble Company	J.M. Sheldon Tile Contractor

727 W. 7th. St.	1017 Norman Avenue

Los Angeles, California	Las	Vegas, Nevada

Lathing-plastering	Painting

A. P. Rubidoux	E. J. Gilbreath

Las Vegas, Nevada	Las	Vegas, Nevada

Lumber and miscellaneous building supplies
Home Lumber Company
430 North Main St.

Las Vegas, Nevada

Concrete-masonry material	Finish hardware

Southern Nevada Industries	Acme Hardware Company

South Main and Charleston Sts.	150	So. LaBrea

Las Vegas, Nevada	Los	Angeles, California

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MUNICIPAL LEAGUE	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Commissioners,

City Manager, Mayor and the City Attorney be permitted
to attend the meeting of the Municipal League in Reno,
Nevada on January 25, and their expenses to be paid
by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE NO. 295
Commissioner Bates moved that the post war plan as
submitted by the City Manager be accepted and filed.
Further that a questionnaire be submitted to tax
payers of the City of Las Vegas to determine which
projects they consider important.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that all work other than the
normal opening of street width of South A and West
Colorado Street be performed by property owners on
assessment basis as other streets are built, and that
the City accept the deeds if acceptable to Mr. 

Campbell.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager
investigate the cost of a sign for the War Memorial
Building and report back at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be
authorized to purchase 1942 Dodge panel job for
$1,387.00 from the Kelly Kar Company in Los Angeles,
for use in the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

 Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,

 none.

Bids for the sale of two City owner motorcycles
having been sent out, the following bids were received
to be opened as of this date, from the following bidders:

West Bros., Las Vegas, Nev., bid $256.00 for each machine.
Mark West, bid $185.00 for each machine.

Bob Cooper, Las Vegas, Nev., bid $235.00 for each machine.

One bid was received for the purchase of the City owned
Ford Coupe, 1932, Motor No. 18-37610, from Charles
Shafter, of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the sum of $85.00.

Commissioner Clark moved that all bids on the 

motorcycles be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Charles Shafter,
of $85.00 for the 1932 Ford Coupe, Motor No. 18-37610,
be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Sam Lafer for a Package Liquor License at the B & H
Grocery, 402 West Bonanza Road, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Botes and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

I.	J. Larnin for a Package Liquor License at Larnin's
Drug Store, 812 South 5th. Street,be denied.

 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and Smith voting aye; noes, Mayor Cragin.

PACKAGE LIQUOR LICENSE
B & H GROCERY

PACKAGE LIQUOR LICENSE
LARNIN’S DRUG STORE

BIDS - MOTORCYCLE

POLICE DEPARTMENT - CAR

PURCHASE

WAR MEMORIAL BUILDING -
SIGN

RIGHT OF WAY ACQUISITION

POST WAR PLANS
Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming

applications be granted:

Guy McAfee, Frontier Club, 116 Fremont St., 1 faro bank.

J.	K. Houssel, Las Vegas Club, 23 Fremont, 1 crap game.
Boulder Club, 118 Fremont St., 1 poker game.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of
Jack Pruitt, at the Spic-N-Span, 129 Fremont Street,
for one slot machine, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that
this meeting adjourn until February the 7th at the
hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

SPIC-N-SPAN GAMING
LICENSE

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of February, 1945. Meeting called to
order by His Honor, Mayor, E. W. Cragin at the hour of
2:20 P. M. with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, and Smith. City Manager,

Chas. C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent Commissioner Clark.

This being the time set for hearing protests on the issuance
of bonds for construction of swimming pool. The only
protest received was from the Union Pacific Railroad by letter,
which was read and filed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the January 22
meeting be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that payroll claims No. 312 to 320
inclusive in the sum of $15,745.92 net, and claim No. 311
on Special Payroll in the sum of $227.70 net be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that service and material warrants
No. 321 to 323 inclusive in the sum of $12,144.42 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

PAYROLL CLAIM -

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS -

PROCLAMATION - Re: Bond
Issue for Swimming Pool
Protest
FINANCIAL REPORTS -

FIRE STATION -
Sub-Contractor Approved

FIRE STATION -
Change Order

CURB AND GUTTER
INSTALLATION -

BOULDER STREET OPENING -

SOUTH FOURTEENTH STREET
VACATION -

MOTOR SUPPLY COMPANY - BIDS
STUDEBAKER CARS PURCHASE -
DODGE PANEL JOB PURCHASE -

Mayor Cragin ordered the Financial Report for the month
of January from the Library, Building Inspector,

Plumbing Inspector, Electrical Inspector, and Cemetery
Board be filed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Robert’s Roofing Co.
be approved as an additional sub-contractor on the
Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Change Order No. 3 in
the amount of $60.00;Change Order No. 5 in the amount
of $216.00 and Change Order No. 1 in the amount of
$231.00 in the construction of the Fire Stations be
approved, and the City Clerk authorized to prepare
a warrant for payment of said amount.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to notify property owners of South Fifth
Street between Gass Avenue and Charleston Boulevard
that it is the recommendation of the Board of City
Commissioners that they install curbs and gutters.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the matter of opening
Boulder Street between Main and Charleston be referred
to the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request by petition
for vacation of a certain portion of South Fourteenth
Street as recommended by the Planning Commission be
referred to the City Manager for negotiation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Motor Supply Company
be released on their bid for Steam Gleaning because
of their inability to furnish a War Priority; and
award of bid be made to the second lowest bidder which
is the Kelite Production Company, in the sum of
$628.70.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting eye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the purchasing agent be
authorized to expend up to $2,000.00 for the purchase
of two Studebaker cars from J. F. O’Connor and Sons
in Los Angeles, and the City Clerk, Mayor, and City
Treasurer authorized to sign said warrant when
correct amount is obtained.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be 

instructed to draw a warrant for $1,387.00 for purchase
of a Dodge Panel Truck for use in the Police 

Department, and the Mayor, City Clerk, and City Treasurer
be authorized to sign said warrant.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Auditor be directed
to close transactions between the City of Las Vegas and
the H. F. Hendrickson Company according to instructions
of the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Proposed Ordinance No. 294 having been reported favorably
by the Committee appointed by His Honor at the last
regular meeting, and entitled, "AN ORDINANCE DECLARING
THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING WITH
ASPHALTIC CONCRETE SURFACE CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS
OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE
LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS PROVIDING THAT THE COST
AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDING THE SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO
FRONTAGE, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE
PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO." was presented to
the Board for their consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Smith moved the approval of
said Ordinance No. 294 on the first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Proposed Ordinance No. 295 having been reported 

favorably by the Committee previously appointed to review
said Ordinance which is entitled, "AN ORDINANCE 

DECLARING THE DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS
IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING
WITH ASPHALTIC CONCRETE SURFACE CERTAIN STREETS AND
PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY; DESCRIBING DEFINITELY
THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS PROVIDING THAT THE
COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDING THE
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING
TO BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO
BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO." was read to the
Board for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Smith moved the approval of the
foregoing ordinance upon its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Bids from the following firms were received for gasoline
for use at the City Barns:

Tidewater Associated - No bid.

Union Oil - Ethyl .175, Regular .155

Cardinal & Pisetta - Ethyl .185, Regular .165. State
Tax included. Federal Tax excluded. Pump included.

Wilshire Oil Company - Ethyl .189, Regular .169.

20% Ethyl Deliveries.

Oil and Gas Distributor - Ethyl .175, Regular .165.
Federal Tax excluded. Pump excluded.

Richfield Oil Corporation - No bid.

ORDINANCE NO. 295 -

GASOLINE BIDS -

ORDINANCE NO. 294 -

H. F. HENDRICKSON COMPANY -
Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Robert
Piccoli and Doyle Tinkle for Retail Beverage license
at the Jack Pot Club, 116 Fremont Street, be held up
for further investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and Smith voting aye; noes, Mayor Cragin. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Horace G. Tucker for four slot machines at the
Foresum Grill, 419 South 5th. Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent	

Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Jack Pruitt for one slot machine at the Barbacue
Correll, 1407 South 5th. Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Frank C. Kernan, at the Shamrock Cafe, 1501 South 5th
Street, for one slot machine, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of
Irwin J. Larnin, at Larnin's Drug Store, 812 South
5th. Street, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, and

Smith voting aye; noes, Mayor Cragin. Absent Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager
be authorized to secure priority for the purchase of
a Royer Sludge Disintegrator to be used for the Park
Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the awarding of the bids
on gasoline be held up until Friday, the 9th, 1945,
at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that this meeting recess until
the hour of 2:00 P. M. Friday, February the 9th., 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

GASOLINE BIDS -

SLUDGE DISINTEGRATOR -

LARNIN'S DRUG STORE
PACKAGE LIQUOR APPLICATION

SHAMROCK CAFE
GAMING APPLICATION -

BARBACUE CORRELL
GAMING APPLICATION -

FORESUM GRILL
GAMING APPLICATION -

JACK POT CLUB
LIQUOR APPLICATION -
Las Vegas, Nevada

February 9, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 9th day of February, 1945:
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem
Smith at the hour of 2:20 P. M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti;

City Auditor, T. E. Fennessy; City Manager, Chas.

C. McCall; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent,
Commissioners Clark, Mayor Cragin and City Attorney,
Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of
the Joint Planning Commission be adopted. Said 

recommendation approving an improvement program of major
highway route, listed No. 1 to No. 7 inclusive; except
route No. 3 (d) and other outer belt routes as 

outlined in the "Nevada Highway Department Preliminary
Report for Advanced Planning in the Las Vegas Area,
Nevada", dated November the 1st., 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Joint Planning Commission relative to building setback
needed for the protection of right-of-way for the
above mentioned routes be adopted and necessary steps
for administration of same be set up.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Robert Peccole and Doyle Tinkle for a Retail Beverage
License at the Jack Pot Club, 116 Fremont Street, be
granted.

There being no second, Mayor Pro Tem Smith yielded the
chair to Commissioner Bates, and seconded the motion,
which was carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye;
Commissioner Bates voted no. Absent Mayor Cragin and
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Walter F. Wolfinger, for a Retail Beverage License at
the Shamrock Cafe, 1501 South 5th. Street, be granted.

There being no second to the motion, Mayor Pro Tem
Smith yielded the chair to Commissioner Bates and
seconded the motion, which was carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Corradetti, Bates and Mayor

Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes, none. Absent Mayor
Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that all bids on gasoline
be rejected, and new bids called for to be opened
February the 15th. at a recessed regular meeting at
2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the purchasing agent
be authorized to purchase an electric Tokym Gasoline
Pump at the approximate cost of $245.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before this
meeting, Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meet-
ing recess until February the 15th. at the hour of
2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes, none.
Absent, Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

GASOLINE PUMP -

GASOLINE BIDS -

SHAMROCK CAFE -
RETAIL BEVERAGE LICENSE

JACK POT CLUB -
RETAIL BEVERAGE LICENSE

BUILDING SETBACK -

HIGHWAY ROUTE -
Approved
CLAIMS

PLUMBERS EXAMINATION BOARD

TRASH CANS

GOLF COURSE - SEED

ORDINANCE NO. 203
BOY SCOUT DAY

BIDS - GASOLINE

Las Vegas, Nevada

February 15, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 15th day of February, 1945:
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin
at the hour of 2:00 P. M. with the following members 
present:	Commissioners Bates and Smith. City Manager,

Chas. C. McCall; City Auditor, T. E. Fennessy and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioners

Clark and Corradetti. City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Approval of the minutes of February 7 and February
9 were waived until the next regular meeting of the
Board, February 21, 1945.

Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material
claim No. 325-1 in the sum of $8,413.00 be approved.

Said warrant covering partial payment on construction
of Fire Station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioners Clark and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that service and material
warrants No. 324-1 in the sum of $l,730.81 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith

end His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioners Clark and Corradetti.

Commissioner Smith moved that Commissioner Bates be
authorized to act as examiner on the Plumbers
Examining Board on behalf of the City of Las Vegas
until a Plumbing Inspector has been appointed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
authorized to advertise for bids for construction
of 100 trash cans and bags.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to purchase grass seed for the golf course
up to $500.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

A letter from the Las Vegas Council of Parents and
Teachers was received relative to Ordinance 203 and
the same was referred to the City Manager for answer.

Commissioner Smith moved that February the 21st. be
designated as Boy Scout Day in the City Government
of Las Vegas; and on that day Boy Scouts will take
over all appointive and elective positions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

At this time bids for gasoline from the following
firms were opened:

Richfield Oil Company,	#1	-	 18½¢,	  #2	-	 16½¢

Union Oil Company,	#1	-	 17½¢,	  #2	-	 15½¢

Oil & Gas Distributors,  #1	-	 17½¢,	  #2	-	 15½¢

Cardinal & Pisetta,	#1	-	 18¢ ,	  #2	-	 16¢

Wilshire Oil Company,	#1	- 18.9¢,	 #2	-	 16.9¢
Bid for the sale of 1934 Ford V-8 Dump Truck were
received and opened from the following persons:

Arley Gaines bid $100.00
Frank Hammel bid $ 80.00

Thereafter, it appearing that the bid of Arley Gaines
was the highest, Commissioner Smith moved that his
bid be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

It appearing that the bid of the Union Oil Company
and the Oil and Gas Distributors are equal, Commiss-
ioner Bates moved that the bid be awarded by the flip
of a coin, and that representatives of the low bidders,
together with Commissioner Smith and Mayor Cragin,
be present at the time of the awarding of the bid.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that
this meeting recess until February the 21st at the
hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioners
Clark and Corradetti.

BID AWARDED SALE 1934 FORD
GASOLINE BIDS AWARDED
PAYROLL CLAIM -

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS -

GEORGE WOOD AGREEMENT -

CLARK COUNTY HOSPITAL
REPORT -

AGREEMENT -

Instrument Landing System

FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE
YEAR 1944 -

RIGHT OF WAY - CHARLESTON
BOULEVARD

ELECTRICAL ORDINANCE -
Committee Appointed

Commissioner Smith moved that payroll claims No. 326
to 334 inclusive in the sum of $14,681.89 net be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that service and material
warrants No. 335 to 338 inclusive in the sum of
$11,543.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Attorney be
instructed to draw up an agreement between the City
of Las Vegas and Mr. George H. Wood, C.P.A., of
Pasadena, California, for the purpose of auditing
the 1945 books and accounts, in accordance with
letters and conditions submitted by Mr. Wood as follows:
Senior Accountant	In Charge	-	$30.00	per	day.

Senior Accountant	-	$25.00	per	day.

Semi-senior Accountant	-	$20.00	per	day.

Junior Accountant	-	$16.00	per	day.

Office Assistant,	preparation	and report	work - $10.00

per day. Plus traveling expenses and other living
expenses incurred while in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Clark and Bates.

Report of the Clark County Hospital was received and
ordered filed in the Office of the City Manager.

Commissioner Smith moved that the agreement between the
City of Las Vegas and the Civil Aeronautics Administration
for the installation of an instrument landing system be
approved, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Mayor Cragin ordered the Financial Report for the year
1944 filed.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Attorney be
instructed to start proceedings, and condemnation
proceedings if necessary, to obtain right-of-way on
both sides of Charleston Boulevard between the east
side of the Union Pacific Railroad tracks and the
west side of South Fifth Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner Smith and Corradetti,
together with the assistance of any others they might
desire to consult with, to study and make a report on
the following entitled proposed ordinance:

"AN ORDINANCE FOR SAFEGUARDING LIFE AND PROPERTY BY
REGULATING, AND PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION OF,

ELECTRIC WIRING, DEVICES, APPLIANCES AND EQUIPMENT;
CREATING THE OFFICE OF CITY ELECTRICIAN AND
PRESCRIBING HIS AUTHORITY AND DUTIES REQUIRING THAT
NO ELECTRIC WIRING, DEVICES, APPLIANCES OR 

EQUIPMENT SHALL BE INSTALLED WITHOUT FIRST SECURING A
PERMIT THEREFOR; CREATING A BOARD OF ELECTRICAL
EXAMINERS; PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF PERSONS,

FIRMS AND CORPORATIONS ENGAGING IN THE BUSINESS OF
ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING OR EMPLOYING ELECTRICIANS TO
OBTAIN ELECTRICAL WORK; MAKING IT UNLAWFUL TO ENGAGE
IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING OR TO
UNDERTAKE TITS EXECUTION OF ELECTRICAL WORK WITHOUT A
LICENSE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED; MAKING IT
UNLAWFUL TO SELL AT RETAIL CERTAIN ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS
UNLESS SUCH PRODUCTS HAVE BEEN APPROVED BY THE CITY
ORDINANCE NO. 295 -
Second Reading

BIDS - Motor Oil, Asphalt,
M. C. 1 and M. C. 3

ZONING CASE NO. 5

ALINEMENT - South Main
and South First Street

DYKE LANE -

CLAIMS I

ELECTRICIAN, AND NATIONAL BOARD OF UNDERWRITERS, PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE AND
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE."

An ordinance entitled:	"AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE

DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING WITH ASPHALTIC
CONCRETE SURFACE CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF
STREETS IN SAID CITY; DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION
OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND
EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDING THE SPECIAL
ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO
BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE
PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO." was read to the
Board for a second time. Thereafter, Commissioner
Smith moved that said Ordinance be approved and adopted
upon the second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti, smith

and His Honor voting eye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioners Bates and Clark.

At this time bids from the following firms were opened
for:

M. C. 1 - Gilmore Oil Company, Standard Oil Company,
Richfield Oil Corporation.

M. C. 3 - Standard Oil Company, Richfield Oil Corporation,
Gilmore Oil Corporation.

ASPHALT - Union Oil Company, Cardinal & Pisetta, Gilmore
Oil Company, American Bitumuls, Richfield Oil Company,
General Petroleum Company of California, Associated Oil
Company, Standard Oil Company, Shell Oil, Texas Company.

The foregoing bids were referred to the Auditor for
tabulation, and will be considered at the next meeting
to be held on February the 28th.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Board approve the
recommendation of the Planning Commission granting
permission to Ben F. Minter to use the location at
625 South First Street, Lot 16, Block 9, Clark’s
Las Vegas Townsite as a business location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bates and Clark.

The matter of the alinement of South Main and Charleston
and South First Street as recommended by the Planning
Commission was ordered held up for further study.

The matter of the proposed route of Dyke Lane was
referred to the City Manager.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Harry Miller
for $22.03 for money expended for gasoline in picking
up three city cars in Los Angeles, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting recess
until February the 28th at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.
Las Vegas, Nevada
February 28, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners, held this 28th day of February,

1945:	Meeting called to order at the hour of 2:15

P. M. by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the
following members present: Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti and Smith. City Manager, Chas. C. McCall
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark and City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the
meeting of February 21 be approved with the 

exception of the word "obtain" appearing on line 14,
Electrical Ordinance, page 3, which should read
"maintain".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

BIDS - Motor Oil and Road	Following is the tabulation of Motor Oil Bids and

Oil Bids, M. C. 1, M. C. 3,	Road Oil Bids, received and opened at the regular

and Asphalt Emulsion. -	meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held

Awarded -	February the 21st, 1945:

TABULATION OF ROAD OIL BIDS
Received & Opened at a Regular Meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners
February 21, 1945

200 to 300 Penetration

Vendor	M.C. 1	F. O. B.	M.C. 3	F. O. B.	Asphalt	F. O. B.

________________ _____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Emulsion

American Bitumuls 	18.00	Las Vegas

Richfield Oil Co.	12.40	Watson	10.90	Watson	12.60	Watson Calif.

5.40	Freight	5.40 Freight	5.40	Freight

17.80	Per Ton	16.30	Per Ton	18.00	Per Ton

Union Oil Co.	12.40	Wilmington	10.90	Wilmington	12.60	Wilmington

5.40	Freight	5.40	Freight	5.40	Freight

17.80	Per Ton	16.30	Per Ton	18.00	Per Ton

Gilmore Oil Co.	12.40	Los Angeles	10.90	Los Angeles	13.80	Los Angeles

5.40	Freight	5.40	Freight	5.40	Freight

17.80	Per Ton	16.30	Per Ton	19.20	Per Ton

Standard Oil Co.	12.40	El Segundo	10.90	El Segundo

5.40	Freight	5.40	Freight

17.80	Per Ton	16.30	Per Ton

All bids equal - M. C. 1
All bids equal - M. C. 3
Three bids equal - Asphalt Emulsion
Recommend-

All asphalt emulsion from American Bitumuls Co.

Divide M. C. 1 between two vendors equally.

Divide M. C. 3 between remaining two vendors equally.
TABULATION OF MOTOR OIL BIDS
Received & Opened at a Regular Meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners
February 21, 1945

FIRST CRAPS

SAE 20	SAE 30	SAE 40

_____VENDOR______________Trade Name   150 gal. Total   500 gal. Total   500 gal. Total

General Petroleum       SOVAC	.405	60.75	.405	202.50	.405	202.50

(Drum Dep.$10.00 Refundable)

Cardinal & Pisetta	-	.525	73.75	.525	262.50	.525	262.50

Associated Oil	  VEEDOL	.62	93.00	.62	310.00	.62	310.00

(Drum Dep. $4.00 Refundable)

Shell Oil Co.	SHELL	X 100	.62	93.00	.62	310.00	.62	310.00

 SHELL PENN.	.62	93.00	.62	310.00	.62	310.00

 SHELL HI-DUTY	.52	88.00	.52	260.00	.52	260.00

(Drums Loaned 90 days,

Drum Dep. $4.00 thereafter

Returnable)

Richfield Oil	—	.72	108.00	.72	360.00	.72	360.00

Standard Oil	  RPM

20	gal.	or more	.49	73.50	.49	245.00	.49	245.00

Less	 than 20 gal.	.54	81.00	.54	270.00	.54	270.00

(Drum Dep. $10.00 Heavy Dr.

Drum Dep. $ 4.00 Light Dr.

Return in 90 days.	)

Texas Company	 HAVOLINE	.567	85.05	.567	283.50	.567	233.50

(Drum Dep. $4.00 Returnable)

SECOND GRADE	GRAND TOTAL

SAE 20	SAE 30	SAE 40	1st & 2nd.

VENDOR	Trade Name     150 gal.   Total 500 gal.  Total  500 gal.  Total Grades.

General Petroleum	GREENSPOT	.225	33.75	.225	112.50	.225	112.50	724.50

(Drum Dep. $10.00 Refundable)

Cardinal & Pisetta	—	.265	39.75	.265	132.50	.265	132.50	908.50

Associated Oil	   TYDOL	.44	66.00	.44	220.00	.44	220.00	 1219.00

(Drum Dep. $4.00 Refundable)

Shell Oil Co.	GOLDEN SHELL	.42	63.00	.42	210.00	.42	210.00	 1196.00

SILVER SHELL	.25	37.50	.25	125.00	.25	125.00	 1000.50

(Drums Loaned 90 days
Drum Dep. $4.00 thereafter

Returnable)

Richfield Oil	—	.44	66.00	.44	220.00	.44	220.00	 1334.00

Standard Oil (20 gal. ZEROLENE	.25	37.50	.25	125.00	.25	125.00	851.00

or More)

(Less than	"	.30	45.00	.30	150.00	.30	150.00	 966.00

20 gal.)

(Drum Dep. $10.00 Heavy Dr.

Drum Dep. $ 4.00 Light Dr.

Return in 90 days.	)

Texas Company	TEXACO	.396	59.40	.396	198.00	.396	198.00	 1107.45

(Drum Dep. $4.00 Returnable)

Contractors 2-4-5-6-7 Did not furnish specifications.

#1 - General Petroleum - Low on price basis, but below specifications slightly.

#6 - Standard Oil of Cal. Second low - specifications not furnished but ones used in

invitation picked from comparative tabulation
as best for each grade were Standard Oil of Calif.
STANDARD OIL COMPANY of CALIFORNIA Low Bidder on
basis of Specifications.
Commissioner Bates moved, that all bids on M. C. 1
and M. C. 3 being equal, that the bids for M. C. 1
be awarded to the Richfield Oil Company and the
Union Oil Company. M. C. 3 be awarded to Gilmore
Oil Company and Standard Oil Company. And the bid
on Asphalt Emulson be awarded to the American
Bitumuls Company. That the bids on M. C. 1 and
M. C. 3 be awarded on an equal basis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

It appearing that the General Petroleum Company
had the low bid on Motor Oil, but that the 

specifications were not as per bid called for; end that
the Standard Oil Company of California having the
second lowest bid with proper specifications,
Commissioner Smith moved that the bid for Motor Oil
be awarded to the Standard Oil Company of California
on the basis of the specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

FIRE PROTECTION OUTSIDE THE	Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City

CITY LIMITS -	Clerk be authorized to sign a contract between the

City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark for
furnishing fire protection on South Fifth Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting
recess until March 1, at the hour of 11:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 1, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 1st day of March, 1945:
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W.
Cragin at the hour of 11:00 A. M. with the following
members present: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,
and Smith. City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.;

City Manager, Chas. C. McCall; and City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

The following Preambles and Resolution was presented
to the Board of their consideration:

PREAMBLES AND RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, this is the year provided by law for the
holding of a General Election in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, there are to be elected at said election two
Commissioners each for a term of four years, and a Municipal
judge for a term of two years, and a City Attorney for a term
of two years, and a City Clerk for a term of four years, and
WHEREAS, it is the duty of this Board of Commissioners
to order said election, and determine the places in said City
for holding the same

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, that
a General City Election be held in the said City on Tuesday the
8th day of May, 1945, at which election there shall be elected
a Commissioner of the second class and a Commissioner of the
fourth class, and a Municipal Judge for a term of two years,
and a City Attorney for a term of two years, and a City Clerk
for a term of four years; each of whom shall hold office until
his respective successor is elected and qualified, end

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the places in said City for
holding said election and voting thereat are hereby determined
as follows:

For Precinct No. 1.  Municipal Court Room, next to alley on North

2nd. Street between Fremont and Ogden Streets.

For Precinct No. 2.  City Library Building adjoining 217 Carson St.

For Precinct No. 3.  Corradetti Garage, rear of No. 19 Lewis, 1st

Street entrance.

For Precinct No. 4.  Clark’s Garage. Clark Street (So. Side)
	 Between	 Main and 1st Streets.

For Precinct No. 5.   Garage in rear of 130 N. 5th. Street - facing

on Ogden Street.

For Precinct No. 6.   Earhart Motors. 507 Fremont Street.

For Precinct No. 7.  Grammar School Gymnasium. 4th Street between
 	Lewis &	Clark Streets.

For Precinct	 No. 8. Western	Heating & Ventilating Co. 710 So.

Main Street.

For Precinct No. 9.  Garage in rear of 222 Wilson Avenue - facing
	on "C" Street.

For Precinct	No.	10.	Odd Fellow's Hall. 110 No. 9th.	Street.

For Precinct	No.	11.	Clark County Welfare Building -	South of

Bonanza Road - "G" Street intersection.

For Precinct No. 12. Wengert's Garage, 6th & Charleston. Sixth

Street entrance.

For Precinct No. 13. Garage at 345 North 10th. Street.

For Precinct No. 14. High School Gymnasium, 300 Block So. 8th. St.

For Precinct	No.	15.	Rubidoux Garage, 605 South 9th.	Street.

For Precinct	No.	16.	City Mercantile Bldg., 1220 So.	Main Street.

For Precinct No. 17. Garage at 1021 Francis, Huntridge Tract.

For Precinct No. 18. Garage in rear of 732 So. 6th. Street - facing
	on Gass 	Street.

For Precinct No. 19. Mesquite Club, 607 So. 5th. Street.

For Precinct No. 20. Catholic Recreation Hall, 317 So. 2nd. Street.

For Precinct No. 21. Mayfair School, 16th Street near Charleston.

For Precinct No. 22. Housing Authority Recreation Hall - 1114 East

Mesquite Street.

For Precinct No. 23. Garage in rear of 624 Wilson Avenue, West Side.
For Precinct No. 24. War Memorial Building - 5th & Stewart.

For Precinct No. 25. Dance Hall Helldorado Village, 5th St. entrance.
For Precinct No. 26. Garage at 1221 South Tenth Street.

For Precinct No. 27. John S. Park School. 10th & Franklin Streets.

For Precinct No. 28. Garage at 1703 Carson Street.

For Precinct No. 29. Geo. Knipp Tire Shop, 1711 Fremont Street.

For Precinct No. 30. Bob Moore Feed Store, 311 Bonanza Road.

For Precinct No. 31. Allen Mattress Factory, 1509 So. Main Street.
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of the City
forthwith make Proclamation hereof.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing
Preambles and Resolution be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

BOND ELECTION RESOLUTION -	The following Preambles and Resolution was 

presented to the Board for their consideration:

 PREAMBLES AND RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, this is the year provided by law for the
holding of a General Election in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, it is the intention of the City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
to call for a vote of the general public on a question of
whether or not the City of Las Vegas shall issue bonds in the
sum of $140,000.00 Dollars, for the purpose of construction of a
Police Station and necessary facilities for said Police Station
for the use of the City of Las Vegas.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that at the General City Election to be held in the
said City on Tuesday, May 8th, 1945, the question shall be 

submitted to the general public, both property owners and non-
property owners as to whether or not a majority of votes of
said group desires the City of Las Vegas through the board of
Commissioners to issue bonds in the sum of $140,000.00 Dollars
for the construction of a Police Station and facilities for said
Police Station for the use of the City of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the places in said City
for holding said election and voting thereat are hereby 

determined as follows:

For Precinct No. 1. Municipal Court Room, next to alley on North

2nd. St. between Fremont and Ogden Streets.

For Precinct No. 2. City Library Building adjoining 217 Carson St.

For Precinct No. 3. Corradetti Garage, rear of No. 19 Lewis, 1st. St.

entrance.

For Precinct No. 4. Clark’s Garage, Clark Street (So. Side) between

Main and 1st. Streets.

For	Precinct	No.	5.	Garage in rear of 130 No. 5th. Street - facing

on Ogden Street.

For	Precinct	No.	6.	Earhart Motors, 507 Fremont Street.

For	Precinct	No.	7.	Grammar School Gymnasium, 4th Street between Lewis

and Clark Streets.

For	Precinct	No.	8.	Western Heating & Ventilating Co., 710 So. Main St.

For	Precinct	No.	9.	Garage in rear of 222 Wilson Ave.-facing on "C" St.

For	Precinct	No.	10.	Odd Fellow's Hall. 110 No. 9th. Street.

For	Precinct	No.	11.	Clark County Welfare Building - South of Bonanza

Road - "G" Street intersection.

For Precinct No. 12.  Wengert's Garage, 6th & Charleston. Sixth Street

entrance.

For	Precinct	No.	13.	Garage at 345 North 10th. Street.

For	Precinct	No.	14.	High School Gymnasium, 300 Block, So. 8th. Street.

For	Precinct	No.	15.	Rubidoux Garage, 605 South 9th. Street.

For	Precinct	No.	16.	City Mercantile Bldg., 1220 So. Main Street.

For	Precinct	No.	17.	Garage at 1021 Francis, Huntridge Tract.
For Precinct No. 18.   Garage in rear of 732 So. 6th. Street -

facing on Gass Street.

For Precinct	No.	19.	Mesquite Club, 607 So. 5th. St.

For Precinct	No.	20.	Catholic Recreation Hall, 317 So. 2nd. St.

For Precinct	No.	21.	Mayfair School, 16th Street near Charleston.

For Precinct	No.	22.	Housing Authority Recreation Hall - 1114

East Mesquite Street.

For Precinct	No.	23.	Garage in rear of 624 Wilson Ave., West Side.

For Precinct	No.	24.	War Memorial Building - 5th & Stewart.

For Precinct No. 25. Dance Hall, Helldorado Village, 5th. St. entrance.
For Precinct	No.	26.	Garage at 1221 South Tenth Street.

For Precinct	No.	27.	John S. Park School, 10th & Franklin Streets.

For Precinct	No.	28.	Garage at 1703 Carson Street.

For Precinct	No.	29.	Geo. Knipp Tire Shop. 1711 Fremont Street.

For Precinct	No.	30.	Bob Moore Feed Store, 311 Bonanza Road.

For Precinct	No.	31.	Allen Mattress Factory, 1509 S. Main Street.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor of the City
forthwith make Proclamation hereof.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing Preambles
and Resolution be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE NO. 296 - An Ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATS OF NEVADA TO BORROW THE SUM OF
ONE HUNDRED SIXTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($160,000.00)

WITH WHICH TO CONSTRUCT A MUNICIPLY OWNED SWIMMING
POOL, OR SWIMMING POOLS AND INCIDENTAL FACILITIES
THERETO, AND TO ISSUE AND SELL GENERAL OBLIGATION
BONDS TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO SECURE THE SAME AND
OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO." was presented to the
Board for their consideration.

Thereafter, His Honor, Mayor Cragin, referred the
Ordinance to a committee composed of Commissioners
Smith, Corradetti and Bates. After which the committee
reported as follows:

"We, your committee, composed of Commissioners Botes,
Corradetti and Smith, appointed for the purpose of
examining end reporting on proposed Ordinance No. 296,
beg to advise that we have reviewed said Ordinance and
wish to report favorably with recommendation of
approval and adoption thereof."

Thereafter said Proposed Ordinance No. 296 was read to
the 3oard and Commissioner Smith moved that the said
Ordinance be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
adjourn until March the 7th at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.
Las Vegas, Nevada
March 7, 1945

The regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of March, 1945. Meeting called to
order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of
2:40 P.M., with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith,

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., and Deputy City Clerk
Shirley Dimock.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of February
28th and March 1st be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS -	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll claim numbers 339

to 347 inclusive in the sum of $15,842.19 be approved
and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign
them.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WARRANTS -	Commissioner Smith moved that service and material warrants

numbers 347 to 353 inclusive in the amount of $34,614.80
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
sign them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FILE DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS - The City Clerk was ordered to file the Report to the City

Commissioner of the Generalized Activities of Municipal
Departments for the month of February, 1945.

REPORT OF CLARK COUNTY	It was ordered that the report of the Clark County 

GENERAL HOSPITAL -	General Hospital be filed with the City Manager.

FIRE STATION CHANGE	Commissioner Clark moved that approval be granted to use

ORDER -	red clay tile on the porch floors of the fire stations

instead of flagstone at no extra cost.

The motions was seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EDDIE DILLON REQUEST	Commissioner Smith moved that the request of Eddie Dillon

DENIED -	to rent the CCC Building be denied.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



PROTEST BUNKER-BURT	Commissioner Clark moved that the protest against the

MORTUARY LOCATION 	building of a mortuary at the corner of Fifth and Stewart

Streets be referred to the Planning Commission for 

investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SLUDGE DISINTEGRATOR -	Commissioner Bates moved that approval be granted for the

purchase of a sludge disintegrator at $625.00 F.O.B.

Las Vegas, Nevada, from the Clark County Wholesale 

Mercantile Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WET GARBAGE CONTRACT -	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed

to notify Mr. Stewart, whose contract with the City has
terminated for the purchase of wet garbage, that the City
Will continue to deliver wet garbage to him on a month to
month basis until further notice.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PLANNING COMMISSION	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be

AUTOMOBILE -	authorized to purchase a car for the use of the Planning

Commission not to exceed $809.92.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LINE MARKER -	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be 

authorized to purchase a street line marker from Brown-Bevis
Equipment Company for $485.00 F.O.B. Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

OPENING ON MESQUITE	Commissioner Bates moved that the Planning Commission

STREET -	make a study concerning an opening on Mesquite Street

from second to main streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REPORT ON LAS VEGAS	Commissioner Clark moved that the Planning Commission

CREEK -	make a report on the future desposition of Las Vegas Creek.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LEGISLATURE BILL ON	Commissioner Bates moved that the following resolution

GAMING TAX -	be accepted by the Board of City Commissioners :

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there is now pending in the Legislature of the State of
Nevada a bill providing for taxation on the gross revenue of gaming clubs,
and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
feels that such tax is at the present time unnecessary,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas that the Clark County delegation to the State
Legislature is hereby notified to fight against the bill now pending in
the State Legislature providing for the taxation of the gross revenue
of gaming clubs, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that if it shall appear that the passage of
such a bill is eminent that the Clark County delegation attempt to
administrate said bill to provide that fifty per cent (50%) of the tax
so collected shall go to the City, twenty-five per cent (25%) to the
County and twenty-five per cent (25%) to the State as is the case in
the present tax collected by the County.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ORDINANCE #294	An Ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE

SECOND READING	DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY

APPROVED -	OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY

OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING WITH ASPHALTIC
CONCRETE SURFACE CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF
STREETS IN SAID CITY; DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION
OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE
THEREOF SHALL BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON
ALL THE LOTS INCLUDING THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE, EXCEPT WHERE,

BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN 

PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL
FUND OF SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND OTHER MATTERS 

RELATING THERETO", was read for the second time. 

Thereafter Commissioner Smith moved that this ordinance be
accepted.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WASTE COLLECTOR BIDS - Since there was only one bid received on the invitation

to bid on waste collectors, Commissioner Clark moved
that any sort of action be delayed until the meeting of
March 22, 1945 to permit further investigation into the
matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Nate Mack,

Jack Pot Club	owner of the Jack Pot for six slot machines, two "21"

Games, two Poker Tables, one Pangingue, one Crap Table,
one Roulette Table, and one Race Horse Keno, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the

Spic-N-Span	Spic-N-Span, 129 E. Fremont, for one slot machine be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of P. O. 

S.S. Rex Club	Silvagni of the S. S. Rex Club, 128 Fremont for twenty-three

slot machines, two poker tables, one Pan table, four "21"
Games, one Roulette, two crap tables, one Faro Bank, and
one Race Horse Keno be granted.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of A. R.

Charleston Grocery	Stowell of the Charleston Grocery for one slot machine be

granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Fannie

DENIED -	B. Gulick, 103 Stewart, for a Beverage license be denied

Fannie B. Gulick	until the proper building is erected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting,
Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until
Thursday, March 22, 1945 at 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye'; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 22, 1945

The regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 22nd day of March, 1945. Meeting called to order by
His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:15 P.M.,
with the following members present: Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti,and Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.,
City Manager, Charles C. McCall and Chief Deputy City Clerk,
Shirley Dimock.

Mrs. C. F. Godard, Mrs. McCarthy, and Mrs. L. H. Cox asked
the Board to investigate refuse disposal and sanitary 

conditions in the South Meadows Addition. They also asked that
fire plug locations be checked and that sewer mains be
connected. These matters were referred by His Honor to the
City Manager for further investigation.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of March 7th be
approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
PAYROLL CLAIMS -	Commissioner Smith moved that payroll Claims numbers

355 to 362 inclusive for $14,956.96 and number 366
for $24.81 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to sign them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

WARRANTS -	Commissioner Smith moved that the service and material

warrants numbers 363 to 365 inclusive for $14,535.00
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

C.A.A. AGREEMENT -	Commissioner Clark moved that in connection with an

agreement between the C.A.A. and the City of Las Vegas
for the installation of an instrument landing system
at the Las Vegas Air Field, the Non-discrimination clause
(Amendment number 1 to original agreement) be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same,
in accordance with instructions in the letter dated
March 8, 1945 from the Civil Aeronautics Administration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HUMANE SOCIETY AGREEMENT - Commissioner Bates moved that an agreement dated

March 22, 1945 between the Clark County Humane Society
and the City of Las Vegas be approved and be made 

effective as of January 1, 1945; and the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTERN AIR LINE	It was ordered that the City Clerk file the letter of

LETTER FILED -	March 13, 1945 from L. H. Dwerlkotte, Executive Vice

President of Western Air Lines to Colonel George E. Henry
relative to payment of water service at the Airport
terminal.

SIDEWALK PAVING -	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be 

Delinquent Notices	authorized to proceed against all holders of delinquent 

sidewalk notices which were issued during 1944, as provided
in Ordinance 291. Said work is to be paid for from the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
		following vote: Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RECREATION DIRECTOR -	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the

Recreation Board be ratified and that Alva G. Borders
be employed at a salary of $300.00 per month on a month
to month basis as Recreation Director of the City of
Las Vegas, and further that the Recreation Board be 

informed that the amount set up in their 1945 Budget is the
total funds available for their use.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FIRE STATIONS -	Commissioner Bates moved that regular colored tile be

Change Order	used for flower boxes instead of natural stone finish,

at no additional cost to the City and that the Mayor be
authorized to initial letters of transmittal. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROCLAMATION -	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor be authorized to

make the following proclamation:

PROCLAMATION

KNOW ALL MEN, WOMEN, AND CHILDREN

By These Presents:

THAT, Whereas the NATIONAL CLEAN UP, PAINT UP, AND
FIX UP CAMPAIGN has resulted in many advantages to 

community life throughout the United States,
In Safeguarding HEALTH and SAFETY;

In Promoting EMPLOYMENT and THRIFT;

In Furthering FIRE PREVENTION;

In Promoting BETTER HOUSING;	

In Stimulating CIVIC PRIDE; and
In Making the "HOME AND CITY BEAUTIFUL";

NOW, THEREFORE, Be it known that plans have been
perfected for a thorough CLEAN UP, PAINT UP, AND FIX
UP CAMPAIGN in Las Vegas, Nevada, Beginning Sunday,

April 1st, 1945. This date to mark the Opening of a
real campaign of persistent and constructive effort in
cleaning up, fixing up and KEEPING IT UP. In this worthy
movement of Cleaning, Painting, Planting, Repairing and
general Rehabilitation and Beautification we urge each
citizen to do his or her best part to make our community

CLEAN, HEALTHY, THRIFTY
SAFE AND BEAUTIFUL

Be it further known that said Campaign shall 

continue to and include April 7, 1945.

E. W. Cragin
Mayor of City of
Las Vegas, Nevada

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION—Vacation of	Commissioner Bates moved that the Petition of C. C. McDaniel

Linden Street	requesting the vacation of Linden Street in the Fourteenth

Street Addition be referred to the Planning Commission for
investigation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MAYFAIR P.T.A. REQUEST - Commissioner Bates moved that the letter from the Mayfair

P.T.A. requesting making Sixteenth Street a through street
from Lewis Avenue to Charleston Boulevard be referred to
Charles C. McCall, City Manager, for consideration and action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PURCHASE OF K-7 CHASSIS	Commissioner Clark moved that approval be granted to 

APPROVED -	purchase a new K-7 International Chassis from the Clark County

Wholesale, and competitive bids be waived on the grounds
that approval has been obtained from the Office of Defense
Transportation for this specific piece of equipment, since
there are no other pieces of equipment available in this
area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of P. O. 

S. S. Rex Club	Silvagni of the S. S. Rex Club for five additional slot 

machines for the First Quarter of 1945 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Dave Stearns

S. S. Rex Turf Club	the S. S. Rex Turf Club for one race horse book for the

First Quarter of 1945 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION -	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Nate

Jack Pot Club	Mack of the Jack Pot for one beverage license for the First

Quarter of 1945 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the

following vote: Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
BID—Grading & Surfacing Bids for the grading and surfacing of certain portions

of Ninth Street, Third Place and two alleys, as 

described in and in accordance with plans and specifications
drawn up by the City Engineer were opened. They were
as follows:

L.	H. Clawson Company	—	No	Bid	Submitted.

Gibbons & Reed Company	—	$9,018.58

McNeil Housing Company	—	No	Bid	Submitted.

Modern Builders	—	No	Bid	Submitted.

Commissioner Smith moved that the bid of Gibbons and
Reed for $9,018.58 be accepted, this being the only bid
received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NIGHT LETTER TO	Commissioner Clark moved that the contents of the 

GOVERNOR CARVILLE -	following night letter sent by Mayor E. W. Cragin to Governor

E. P. Carville be ratified.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 21, 1945

HON. E. P. CARVILLE
GOVERNOR

CARSON CITY, NEVADA

THE COMMISSIONERS OF LAS VEGAS AND MYSELF SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING FOR YOUR
CONSIDERATION WITH THE REQUEST THAT THE BILL PROVIDING FOR A TAX ON
GAMBLING RECENTLY PASSED BY THE SENATE AND ASSEMBLY BE VETOED,

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS IN 1944 RECEIVED REVENUE FROM GAMBLING AMOUNTING
TO $163,560.50 AND FROM LIQUOR $70,450.00, A TOTAL OF $244,000.00
AGAINST $142,000.00 FROM REAL AND PERSONAL PROPERTY TAXES. WITH REVENUE
FROM BOULDER DAM GONE AND BASIC DEMANDING A DRASTIC CUT COMBINED RATE
FOR SCHOOLS COUNTY AND CITY OVER FIVE DOLLAR LIMIT AND WE FACE A CUT.

TO BALANCE OUR BUDGET WE MUST AGAIN LOOK TO THE GAMBLING AND LIQUOR 

INTERESTS .

TO AMEND THE GAMBLING LAW IN THIS PARTICULAR WOULD BE THE FORERUNNER OF
LARGER LEVYS IN SUBSEQUENT YEARS AND WOULD EFFECT THE INCOME TO THIS
CITY AND OTHER CITIES IN THE STATE WHO HAVE COME TO DEPEND ON THIS
REVENUE FOR THEIR GROWTH. THIS MONEY BEING USED FOR SANITATION, FIRE
AND POLICE PROTECTION IN ADDITION TO CAPITOL OUTLAY AND BETTERMENTS.

NEVADA ADVERTISES ITSELF AS THE ONE SOUND STATE FREE FROM NUISANCE TAXES
AND TO COMMENCE TAXING ANY BUSINESS IS THE FORERUNNER TO SALES AND 

INCOME TAX.

THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS IS ON THE THRESHOLD OF EXTENSIVE INVESTMENTS FROM
OUTSIDE CAPITOL. TAXES AGAINST GROSS RECEIPTS HAS ALREADY MADE THE POT-
ENTIAL INVESTOR CAUTIOUS AND IN SOME INSTANCES PROPOSED PROJECTS HAVE
BEEN TEMPORARILY DISCONTINUED AWAITING OUTCOME OF THIS TAX LEGISLATION.

WE EARNESTLY REQUEST YOU GIVE THIS MATTER YOUR SERIOUS CONSIDERATION.

E. W. CRAGIN, MAYOR

Motion seconded; by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION -	Commissioner Clark moved that the following resolution

be accepted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it has come to the attention of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada that the local troop of
Girl Scouts in Las Vegas gave great aid and encouragement and spent a
great amount of time and energy in the drive for Cadet Nurses in
Las Vegas, Nevada,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT HEREBY RESOLVED by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that a vote of gratitude be
extended to the local Girl Scouts in Las Vega3, Nevada for their aid
and assistance in the recent drive for Cadet Nurses in the Las Vegas
area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
ORDINANCE -	His Honor	referred the ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE

Registration of	Persons	REQUIRING	PERSONS CONVICTED OF CERTAIN CRIMES WHO SHALL

Convicted	COME INTO	OR BE WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO REGISTER

IN THE OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF POLICE OF SAID CITY," for
consideration to a committee composed of the Commissioners
Smith, Corradetti and Bates.

ORDINANCE -	His Honor referred the ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE

Pawnbrokers	LICENSING AND REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF PAWNBROKERS AND

PAWN SHOPS, AND DEFINING THE SAME, FIXING AND IMPOSING THE
LICENSE FEE TO BE PAID THEREFOR, PROVIDING REGULATIONS FOR
THE CONTENT OF SUCH BUSINESS, FIXING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATIONS AND DEFINING OF THE DUTIES CERTAIN OFFICERS IN
CONNECTION THEREWITH AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLECT HEREWITH," for consideration to
a Committee composed of the Commissioners Bates and Clark.

REPORT ON ELECTRICAL	Commissioner Smith reported that he has turned over the

ORDINANCE -	ordinance under consideration to the City Attorney for final

draft.

PROPOSED WATER COMPANY - Commissioner Smith reported that he has written a letter

to the secretary of the proposed water company in Woodlawn
Park, requesting detailed maps, but to date has received
no reply.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until
Thursday, March 29, 1945 at 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 29, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this 29th day of March 1945. Meeting
called to order at the hour of 2:30 P.M. by His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith.

City Manager, Chas. C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis
Wiener, Jr.; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the meeting
of March 22 be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Agreement - Sewage Facilities

at Airport -	Commissioner Clark moved that the proposed agreement 

between the Las Vegas Army Air Field and the City of Las
Vegas for sewage facilities at the Airport for consideration
of $125.19 per year be approved, and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same. Further that the City 

Manager be authorized to make the necessary connection.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



RESOLUTIONS - Clark	The following Resolution was submitted to the Board of City

County Humane Society	Commissioners for their consideration:

RESOLUTION

At the last meeting of the 3oard of Directors of the Clark County Humane Society,
held March 24th, 1945, it was moved, seconded and carried that the following Resolution
be adopted:
BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of Directors of the Clark County Humane Society
hereby authorize the President, Mrs. Ernest Amante, and the Secretary, Lois Craig,
to sign the Contract for the year 1945, between the Clark County Humane Society
and the City of Las Vegas, and any other papers required by the City to complete
the Agreement, and secure the monthly payments from the City as therein agreed.

/s/ Lois Craig, Secretary.

His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, ordered the foregoing
Resolution filed.

AGREEMENT CANCELLED	Commissioner Bates moved that the Agreement between the

FOR USE OF MOTORCYCLE - City of Las Vegas and Police Officers, Bondley, Pinjuv

and Cooper for the use of their motorcycles be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLAIMS - Repair to	Commissioner Bates	moved	that	the claim of Wayne Hirsch,

Police	Vehicle	Auto Body Shop, in	the sum of	$112.00 for repair work

on the 1942 Hudson Sedan in the Police Department be
approved, and that the City Manager notify the Police
Department that hereafter all repairs and purchases must
be made through the regular channels that the person
incurring these bills will be personally obligated to
pay same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and
His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

REFUSE CANS -	Commissioner Clark	moved	 that the Board of City 

Bid Accepted	Commissioners accept the	bid of	the Motor Supply Company for

100 refuse cans at $22.50 each. Authorized the immediate
purchase of 50 refuse cans at $22.50 each, totaling
$1,125.00. Payment to be made from the General Funds.
Purchase to be made from Motor Supply Company as per
their bid on March 7, 1945. Further that the remaining
50 cans be purchased later in the year when funds are
available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREET EQUIPMENT -	Commissioner Clark moved that the purchasing agent be

Bids Let	authorized to advertise for the purchase of one Austin

Western Street Sweeper for which a priority has been
obtained. Quotations to be requested of only those
firms which handle this type of equipment. Bids to be
opened in the presence of the Auditor, City Manager, and
one Commissioner.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the purchasing agent be
authorized to advertise for the purchase of one Austin
Western Grader for which priority has been obtained.
Quotations to be requested of only those firms which
handle this type of equipment. Further that our presently
owned Adams Grader be offered all firms as a trade in
on the purchase of a new grader. Bids to be opened in
the presence of the City Manager, one Commissioner, and
the City Auditor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLUMBING EXAMINATION - Commissioner Clark moved that the action of the 
Ruben Cohen	Plumbing Board with reference to the second examination of

Ruben Cohen be sustained.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Clark, Corradetti, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Bates passed.

Noes, none.

MEADOWS ADDITION -	The City Manager submitted the following report to the

Board:
REPORT TO BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

MEADOWS ADDITION	APRIL 2, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on March 22, 1945,
a committee from the Meadows Addition appeared and made the following
requests to the Commissioners.

1.	Investigation of sanitary condition at the corner of
Fairfield and Chicago Street.

2.	Requested that fire plugs be installed.

3.	Inquired why sanitary sewers could not be installed
over the entire district.

The matter was referred to the City Manager, who on the same day
discussed all these matters with the committee. The committee was
composed of Mrs. C. F. Godard, Mrs. McCarthy and L. H. Cox.

The following procedure was adopted at this time.

1.	The Police Department was requested to notify the occupant
on the lot at the corner of Chicago and Fairfield to
vacate at once. This man had set up a small rabbit
farm on property which he did not own or rent. He lived
in a very unsatisfactory condition causing much anoyance
to the neighbors. This matter has been followed up and
the lot is being cleaned to the satisfaction of the
neighbors.

2.	The Fire Chief was instructed to install three stand
pipes at the most strategic points within the addition.

These stand pipes will be available as soon as they are
removed from Main Street.

3.	It was pointed out to the satisfaction of the committee
that it would be impossible for the City to place sani-
tary sewers because the assessed value of the lots was
in many instances considerably less than the cost of the
sewers.

This office feels that the group was satisfied after these explanations
were made.

Respectfully submitted,

Chas. C. McCall,

CCM/mea	City Manager

LIQUOR APPLICATION - New Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Wilbur

Clark for a Retail Tavern liquor license at the Monte
Carlo, No. 15 Fremont Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

B & H GROCERY -	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Sam

Pkg. Liquor	Lafer, for a Pkg. Liquor License at the B & H Grocery,

402 Bonanza Road, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and motion carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and
Corradetti voting aye; noes, Commissioner Smith and His
Honor, Mayor Cragin.

EARL’S LIQUOR STORE -	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Earl 

Tavern License	Turman, for a retail tavern license at Earl’s Liquor Store,

501 Jackson Avenue, Westside, be granted; provided he take
out the restaurant connected therewith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ACE BAR - Retail Tavern	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of M. B. Abrams

License	for a retail tavern liquor license at the Ace, Bar, 111

South 1st. Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
COTTON CLUB - Retail Tavern

License	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of

James Calbert and Jodie Cannon for a retail tavern
liquor license at the Cotton Club, 500 Jackson Street,
Westside, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EL CORTEZ HOTEL COMPANY - Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Moe
Retail Tavern Liquor	Sedway for a retail tavern liquor license and a Cocktail

License on Cocktail	Lounge license at the El Cortez Hotel Company at 6th

Lounge	and Fremont Streets, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS -	Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming

Renewals - New Owners	applications be allowed:

APPLICANT	LOCATION	TYPE

M. B. Abrams	Ace Bar, 111 So. 1st. Street	16	Slots

Formerly Al's Bar. 

Jodie Cannon	Cotton Club, 500 Jackson	Street	       3 slots

James Calbert	3 slots

1	Black Jack
1 Race Horse Keno
1 Craps

Leonard J. Grossman     Betty's Cafe,	 1039 So. Main St.	3	Slots

Moe Sedway	El Cortez Hotel Company	5	Slots

Casino	2	"21" Games

1	Roulette
1 Craps

Dining Room	3	slots

Bar	4	slots

Town House Lobby	1	Slot

Hotel Lobby	9	Slots

M. H. Gordon	Las Vegas Bowling Alley	8 	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS -	Commissioner Clark moved that the following renewals

Renewals	for gaming applications be granted:

APPLICANT	LOCATION	TYPE

Lee Hughes	Adams Grocery, 816 Fremont St.	1	Slot

P. O. Silvagni	Apache Bar, 2nd & Fremont St.	7	Slots

"	"	"	Apache Lounge, 2nd & Fremont St.	5	Slots

Bob Baskin	B & B Super Mkt., 818 So. 5th.	4	Slots

Lee Hughes	Ball Grocery, 404 So. 2nd. St.	1	slot

"	Belverdere Grocery, H & Harrison	1	Slot

"	"	Black Cat Cafe, 418 W. Madison	2 Slots

A. H. Stevensen, Jr. Boulder Club Inc., 122 Fremont St.	4 Slots

" "	"	"	Boulder Club Inc., 188-120 Fremont	33 slots

1 Pan

2	Craps	2 Poker

1 Faro Bank	1 Tango - 100 chairs

1 Big 6 Wheel	1 Race Horse Keno

6 "21" Games	2 Roulette

M. Cazier	Boulder Drug Co., 121 Fremont	10 Slots

P. L. Jefferson	Brown Derby, 320 Monroe	4	Slots

Mon Woo	Bus Terminal Cafe, 127 So. 1st.	2	Slots

Pat Rozzelle	Cardinal Sandwich Shop, 508 Fremont	6	Slots

A. R. Stowell	Charleston Grocery, A & Charleston	3	Slots

George G. Parry	Christie & Corey Cafe, 122 So. 1st.	3	Slots

Frank Bollig	City Drug, 231 Fremont Street	7	Slots
APPLICANT	LOCATION	TYPE

Jimmie Fulcher	Cornet's Variety, 2nd and Fre- 3 Slots

mont

Josie Dondich	Cut Rate Liquor Store,

132 So. 5th. St. 2 Slots

R. Roschl	Dick's Bar, 118 No. 1st. St.	2	Slots

Lee Hughes	Dew-Drop-Inn, 1315 D. St.	1	Slot

Jake Ensley	Do-Drop-Inn Cafe, 1315 Jackson	2	Slots

Lee Hughes	Edmonds Associated Station

5th and Carson	1	Slot

Abe Kroloff	Eight Ball Bar, 117 No. 1st.	8	Slots

Frank Wilson	El Morrocco - 1332 E. Street	3	Slots

2	Poker
1 Craps

Louis Mack	Esquire Bar, 120 So. 2nd. St.	4	Slots

Ethel Rappaport	Ethel's Liquor Store,

411 Fremont St. 1 Slot
"	"	"	"	28 Fremont St. 1 Slot

Albert Coot	Food Center, 770 Fremont St.	5	Slots

Walter Argyle	Foreign Club, 111 No. 1st. St.	2	Slots

M. B.	Abrams	Fremont Arcade, 105 Fremont	34	Slots

1 "21" Game
1 Craps

James Fare	Fremont Tavern, Inc., 105 So.

1st. Street	3	Slots

J. W.	Schraum	Frontier Club, 117 Fremont	37	Slots

1 Pan

3	Craps	3	Black	Jack

2 Roulette	5	Poker

1	Race Horse Keno
Hopper Keno, 102 Chairs
Race Horse Book

Jimmie Fulcher	Gilbert's Store, Bonanza Road	4	Slots

John H. Blandford	Golden Camel, 110 No. 1st. St.	4	Slots

Geo. & Addie Guice	Green Lantern Cafe, 501 Jackson	4	Slots

Lee Hughes	Hughes Grocery, 509 Jackson	1	Slot

Nate Mack & Badger	Jack Pot Club, 116 Fremont	8	Slots

1 Poker

2	"21" Games	1	Pan

2 Craps	1	Roulette

1	Race Horse Keno

R. Roschl	Jimmies Bar, 807 So. Main St.	3	Slots

John Anton	John's Desert Inn, 1504 So. 5th.1	Slot

Blaine Johnson	Johnson's Grocery, 630 So. 5th.	1	Slot

P. O. Silvagni	Kiva Bar,	2nd. & Fremont	8	Slots

Louis DuBois	Las Vegas	Barbecue, 22 Fremont	3	Slots

J. K.	Houssels	Las Vegas Club, 21-23 Fremont	29	Slots

3	"21" Games

2	Craps	1	Race Book

2 Roulette	3	Poker

1	Faro	1	Tango-100 Chairs

2	Pan	1	Race Horse Keno

A. Scheer	Las Vegas	Pharmacy, 32 Fremont	2	Slots

J. K. Houssels	Las Vegas	Tavern, 19 Fremont	7	Slots

Lee Hughes	Lee's Drive Inn, 10th & Fremont 2 Slots

Pat Rozzelle	Leonards Hamburger Stand

324½ Fremont Ave.	5	Slots

Anna May Weller	Lido Bar,	107 No. 1st. St.	4	Slots

Clifford C. Griggs, Jr.	Log Cabin	Bar, 122 No. 1st. St.	3	Slots
APPLICANT	LOCATION	TYPE

Lee Hughes	Low Price Market, 131 No. Main St.	1 Slot

W. E. Greene	Mandalay Bar, 111 Fremont St.	10 Slots

J. W. McMichael	The Market Spot, 117 Carson St.	4 Slots

Mark Schulman	Mark's Food Company, 1500 Fremont	6 Slots

Mike Gordon	Mike’s Liquor Store, 106 Fremont	4 Slots

R. D. Bingham	Modern Food, 315 Fremont St.	2 Slots

Phyllis Helm	Mom’s Lunch, 1401 Fremont St.	2 Slots

Thos. A. Campbell and Nevada Biltmore Hotel,	9 slots

Kinsley	600 North Main St.	1 Crap

2 ”21" Games

1	Roulette

Sun Wing Won	New Overland Cafe, 6 Fremont	4 Slots

Chas. A. Bennett	Oasis Cafe, 123 Fremont St.	4 slots

Boysie Ensley	Oklahoma Cafe, 220 No. 1st. St.	3 Slots

L. VanDer Meer	Oppedyk Dairy, 1000 No. Main St.	1 slot

Pat Rozzelle	Orange Julius, 405 Fremont St.	5 slots

Lee Hughes	Orton’s Grill, 121 So. 5th. St.	2 Slots

Sid Martin	Overland Bar, 6 Fremont	4 slots

L. M. Wilson	Overland Hotel, Main & Fremont	2 Slots

R. Roschl	P & B Cafe, 201 No. l3t. St.	1 Slot

Lee Hughes	Pearl’s Cafe, 224 No. 1st. St.	2 Slots

Charles Addison	Pioneer	Club (Club) 25 Fremont	38	Slots

2	Pan

1	Race	Horse Keno    6	Poker

7 "21"	Games	2	Craps

2	Roulette	1	Faro Bank

Cocktail Lounge	7 Slots

George G. Parry	Playland Arcade, 129 So. 1st. St.	43	Slots

Guy McAfee	Pool Hall, 125 Fremont Street	9 Slots

Lee Hughes	Prescription Pharmacy, 814 Fremont	1 Slot

"	"	Professional Pharmacy, 423 Fremont 4 Slots

P. O. Silvagni	S. S. Rex, 2nd and Fremont Street	28	Slots

2 Poker

1 Pan	2	Roulette

4	"21"	Games	1	Faro Bank

1 Race Horse Keno

Sid Martin	Sal Sagev Tavern, 1 Fremont	8 Slots

John A. Katsaros	Sam’s Cafe, 320 Fremont Street	5 Slots

Lee Hughes	Shady Rest Cafe, F & Jackson	2 Slots

Orpha Sill Miller	Sill’s, 5th & Charleston	4	Slots

John H. Blandford	Silver	Cafe,	106	No.	1st.	St.	4	Slots

"	"	"	Silver	Club,	108	No.	1st.	St.	2	Slots

Joe Morgan	Silver	Club,	106	No.	1st.	St.	1	Roulette

2 "21" Games
2 Craps

R. Roschl	Silver State News Stand, 110 So.	2nd.  4	Slots

Lee Hughes	Silver State Texaco, 5th & Fremont	1	Slot

R. Roschl	Smith’s Rootbeer Stand, No. 3rd and

Stewart	1	Slot

Frank Lancaster	Snyder's Grocery, 300 Bonanza	2	Slots

L. L. Snyder	Snyder’s Grocery, 300 Bonanza	1	Slot

Ted Konduris	S. W. Liquor Store, 101 Carson	3	Slots
APPLICANT	LOCATION	TYPE

Pat Rozzelle	Stephen's Market, 729 So. 5th. St.	2	Slots

M.	B. Abrams	The Slot	Machine, 101 Fremont St.	35 Slots

R.	Roschl	Bex Bar,	128 So. 1st. St.	2	Slots

"	"	Thrifty Market, 1st. & Charleston	3	Slots

Lee Hughes	Tivoli Bar, 126 No. 1st. St.	1	Slot

J. B. Gaut & Robert Burrows Tivoli Tavern, 126 No. 1st. St. 3 Slots

John A. Katsaros	Trail Cafe, 13 Fremont Street	1	Slot

Mrs. F. Saunders	Victory Sandwich Shop, 116 No. 1st.	1	Slot

A. Scheer	White Cross Drug Co., 201 Fremont	2	Slots

Lee Hughes	Westside	Tavern, 206 Wilson	3	Slots

"	"	Westside	Cafe, D & Madison	2	Slots

Orpha Sill Miller	Wimpy’s,	210 Fremont	3	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATIONS - New Commissioner Clark moved that the following new 

applications for gaming be granted:

APPLICANT	LOCATION	TYPE

Wilbur Clark	Monte Carlo, 15 Fremont St.	18 Slots

2 Craps

2 Roulette	3 "21" Games

Jack Pruitt	Lincoln Grocery, 1502 So. 5th.	1 Slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REPORT OF COMMITTEE ON	The report of the Committee composed of A. F. Smith, Sr.,

PROPOSED ORDINANCE -	A. Corradetti, and Walter Bates of the proposed ordinance

entitled: ”AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING PERSONS CONVICTED OF
CERTAIN CRIMES WHO SHALL COME INTO OR BE WITHIN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS TO REGISTER IN THE OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF
POLICE OF SAID CITY” was presented to the Board at this
time with their recommendation.

GEORGE THOMPSON TO	Commissioner Corradetti moved that George Thompson be

F. B. I. SCHOOL -	authorized to attend the National Police Academy (F. B. I.)

School at Washington, D.C. as recommended by Chief of
Police, Harry E. Miller, for a period of approximately
3 months. Further that George Thompson be paid his 

regular salary while attending said school and an additional
$100.00 per month toward his expenses incurred while
attending said school.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
recess until April the 6th at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
April 6, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 6th day of April, 1945.

Meeting called to order at the hour of 2:25 P.M.
by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
members present: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith
and City Manager, Chas. C. McCall; City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr.; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.
Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

PAYROLL CLAIMS -	Commissioner Smith moved that payroll claims No. 371

to 379 inclusive in the sum of $15,148.23 net and
withholding tax in the sum of $1,561.10 be approved,
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign said
payroll.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,

Commissioner Corradetti.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL	Commissioner Smith moved that service and material

WARRANTS -	warrants No. 367 to 370 inclusive and 380 in the

sum of $9,328.31 be approved, and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, 

Commissioners Corradetti.

ORDINANCE 296 -	An Ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE

Second Reading	BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA TO BORROW THE SUM
OF ONE HUNDRED SIXTY THOUSAND DOLLARS ($160,000.00)

WITH WHICH TO CONSTRUCT A MUNICIPALLY-OWNED SWIMMING
POOL OR SWIMMING POOLS AND INCIDENTAL FACILITIES
THERETO; AND TO ISSUE AND SELL GENERAL OBLIGATION BONDS
TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO SECURE THE SAME AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO." was read to the Board for
the second time.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bates moved that said Ordinance
No. 296 be adopted and approved on its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by 
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, 

Commissioner Corradetti.

ELECTRIC ORDINANCE -	An Ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE FOR SAFEGUARDING

LIFE AND PROPERTY BY REGULATING AND PROVIDING FOR THE
INSPECTION OF, ELECTRIC WIRING, DEVICES, APPLIANCES AND
EQUIPMENT; CREATING THE OFFICE OF CITY ELECTRICIAN AND
PRESCRIBING HIS AUTHORITY AND DUTIES REQUIRING THAT NO
ELECTRIC WIRING, DEVICES, APPLIANCES OR EQUIPMENT SHALL
BE INSTALLED WITHOUT FIRST SECURING A PERMIT THEREFOR;
CREATING A BOARD OF ELECTRICAL EXAMINERS; PROVIDING FOR
THE LICENSING OF PERSONS, FIRMS AND CORPORATIONS ENGAGING
IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING OR EMPLOYING
ELECTRICIANS TO OBTAIN ELECTRICAL WORK; MAKING IT 

UNLAWFUL TO ENGAGE IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL 

CONTRACTING OR TO UNDERTAKE THE EXECUTION OF ELECTRICAL WORK
WITHOUT A LICENSE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED; MAKING
IT UNLAWFUL TO SELL AT RETAIL CERTAIN ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS
UNLESS SUCH PRODUCTS HAVE BEEN APPROVED BY THE CITY
ELECTRICIAN, AND NATIONAL BOARD OF UNDERWRITERS, PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE AND 

REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE." was referred to
Commissioners Smith end Clark for recommendation.



	Thereafter, the foregoing committee submitted the

following report:

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 6, 1945

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS
HONORABLE MAYOR E. W. CRAGIN

We, your committee, consisting of the following: Commissioners Smith and
Clark, wish to advise that we have examined the foregoing entitled 

Ordinance, and report favorably on it, as it is now presented.

Respectfully submitted,

/s/ A. F. Smith, Sr.

/s/ C. R. Clark
There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
recess until 10:00 A. M. April the 7th, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 7, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 7th day of April, 1945. 

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin
at the hour of 10:35 A.M. with the following members 

present: Commissioners Smith, Bates, Clark; City Manager,

Chas. C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. ; and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

FINANCIAL REPORT -	Mayor Cragin ordered the Financial Report of the Golf

Course, Library, Plumbing Department, Building Department,
Cemetery and Electrical Department for the month of
March, filed.

BIDS - Austin Western	Invitations to bid on an Austin Western Sweeper and an

Sweeper and Austin	Austin Western Motor Grader having been let, the following

Motor Grader	bids were received:

C. D. Roeder Equipment Company, Power Grader Austin 

Western 99M, 4 wheel drive and steer, $7,893.36 F.O.B. Las
Vegas.

A letter was received from the Smith Booth Usher Company
stating that they were unable to quote on these items.

C. D. Roeder Equipment Company submitted a bid on the
	Austin Western Street Sweeper in the sum of $4,557.00.

REPORT OF HENRY S. DEADRICH -The report regarding the fire at Woodlawn Cemetery on
Subject: Fire at Woodlawn    April 3, 1945, as submitted to Mr. McCall, City Manager;
Cemetery -	was ordered filed.

PLUMBING INSPECTOR -	Commissioner Smith moved that the appointment of Jack Hinds

Jack Hinds	for Plumbing Inspector at a salary of $250.00 per month

effective as of April the 9th be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

FIRE STATION - Extension    Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Pioneer

Construction Company for a sixty day extension period for
the completion of the Fire Station be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.



GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Bates moved that the following gaming

Renewals	applications for renewals be approved:

APPLICANT	LOCATION	TYPE

R. Robert Russell	Apache Hotel Company, 2nd & Fremont 3 Slots

Frank Lancaster	B & H Grocery,	402 Bonanza	1	Slot

M. S. Jacobs	Boulder Liquor	Store, 423 Fremont	4	Slots

John Stathis	Busy Bee Cafe,	105 No. 1st. St.	2	Slots
APPLICANT	LOCATION	TYPE

Harold Hunter	Deluxe Sandwich Shop, 127 So. 2nd.	3	Slots

Jack Weisberger	Desert Inn Grocery, 1715 So. 5th.	2	Slots

Jack Pruitt	Detroit Cafe, 127 No. 1st. St.	1	Slot

Lee Hughes	El Morocco Bar & Club, E Sc Jackson	1	Slot

Horace G. Tucker	Foresum Grill, 419 So. 5th. St.	4	Slots

Lee Hughes	Fremont Tavern, 105 No. 1st. St.	4	Slots

Jack Pruitt	Kiva Bar, 129 E. Fremont Street	1	Slot

Jack Weisberger	Knipp, George; 1711 Fremont St.	1	Slot

I.	J. Larnin	Larnin’s Drug Store, 812 So. 5th.	4	Slots

C.	M. Travis	Las Vegas Liquor Store, 812 E. Fremont	1 slot

J.	K. Houssels	Las Vegas Club, 21-23 Fremont	1	Faro

"	"	"	Las Vegas Club, 23 Fremont St.	1	"21" Game

Jack Pruitt	Log Cabin, 122 No. 1st. St.	1	Pace Race

Ralph Purdy	Nevada Bar, 115 No. 1st. St.	5	Slots

George J. Adras	Nevada Coffee Shop, 113 No. 1st.	2	Slots

Earl Wilson	Pony Express Stages, 123 So. 1st.	7	Slots

Bert O’Donnell	Rancho Grande Creamery, 402 So. 2nd.	1	Slot

V. M. Benson	Recreation Tavern, 123 So. 2nd.	4	Slots

Jack Weisberger	Red’s Richfield Station, 300 Fremont	1	Slot

P. 0. Silvagni	S. S. Rex Club, 128 E. Fremont	3	Slots

John F. Miller	Sal Sagev Hotel, Main & Fremont	3	Slots

"	"	"	"	"	"	, Cafe "	2 Slots

Jack Weisberger	Saveway Drug Store, 20 Fremont	1	Slot

Max Ingalls	Saveway Drug Store, 18 Fremont	5	Slots

V.	R. Shurtleff	Sewell’s, 307 Fremont St.	2	Slots

Frank C. Kernan	Shamrock Cafe, 1501 So. 5th.	2	Slots

W.	C. Askew	Smith’s Drive In, 311 Stewart	2	Slots

Jack Pruitt	Spic-N-Span, 129 Fremont	2	Slots

Lester Goldring	Spic-N-Span, 129 Fremont	1	Slot

M. C. Kress	State Cafe, 20 Fremont	4	Slots

Edward Tip Rowe	Tip’s Cafe, 1516 So. 5th. St.	2	Slots

E. D. Ciliax	Town Barbecue, 506 Fremont St.	3	Slots

Dave Stearns	Turf Club, 128 So. Fremont	1	Race Horse Book

J. S. Pappas	White Spot Cafe, 109 Fremont	8 Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, 

Commissioner Corradetti.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of C. F.

C. F. Reid	Reid for 1 poker, 1 "21" Game, 1 Crap Table at Reid’s

Club, 503 Jackson Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, 
 	Commissioner Corradetti.

B & H GROCERY -	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Sam

RETAIL LIQUOR LICENSE	Lafer, at the B & H Grocery, at 402 Bonanza Road, for

Denied	a retail package liquor license, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, the vote being
as follows: Commissioner Smith and His Honor, Mayor
Cragin, voting aye; voting no, Commissioners Bates and
Clark. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.
MAE'S GROCERY -	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Mae

Retail Beverage License	Nemaries Askew for a retail beverage license at Mae’s

First Street Market, 631 So. 1st. Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Clark, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
	Corradetti.

DOC'S - Retail Restaurant   Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Edward
Beverage License	M. "Doc" Ladd for a retail restaurant beverage license

at "Doc's", 1200 South Main Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,

Commissioner Corradetti.

BETTY'S CAFE -	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of

Retail Beverage License     Leonard J. Grossman for a retail beverage license at

Betty's Cafe, 1039 South Main Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

	Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,

	Commissioner Corradetti.

BIDS - ACCEPTED	Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of C. D. Roeder

Austin Western Sweeper	Equipment Company, Reno, Nevada; for one Power Grader

and Power Motor Grader	Austin Western 99M, 4 wheel drive and steer, equipped

with Diesel 1HC-UD-14 motor, in the sum of $7,893.36
F.O.B. Las Vegas be accepted. Further that the bid of
C. D. Roeder Equipment Company on one Austin Western
Street Sweeper in the sum of $4,557.00 F.O.B. Las Vegas,
be accepted.

Motion seconded By Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and

                            His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner

Corradetti.

ADAMS MOTOR GRADER -	Commissioner Clark moved that the purchasing agent be

instructed to continue to offer for sale the Adams Motor
Grader now owned by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and Carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith
	and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner

	Corradetti.

RUBEN COHEN APPLICATION -    Commissioner Smith moved that the report on the

application of Ruben Cohen for issuance of a license
on the basis of past examination addressed to the
Board of City Commissioners and submitted by Commissioner
Smith; City Manager, Chas. C. McCall; H. L. Chambers
and O. J. Morling, be accepted, approved, and filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates passed. Voting
aye; Commissioners Clark, Smith and His Honor. Noes,
none. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this
meeting adjourn until April the 21st, 1945 at the hour
of 10:00 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 10, 1945

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING
See Page 275.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 12, 1945

See Page276
Las Vegas, Nevada

April 21, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 21st day of April, 1945. Meeting called to order
at the hour of 10:00 A.M. by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Gragin
with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates,

Smith, and Corradetti. City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

City Manager, Chas, C. McCall, City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.
Absent, Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of April 6th, 7th
and 12th be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and Carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners 3ates, Corradetti, Smith

	and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner

	Clark.

PAYROLL CLAIMS -	Commissioner Smith moved that payroll claims No. 381 to

387 inclusive and 390 and 392 in the sum of $13,987.77
be approved, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL	Commissioner Smith moved that service claims No. 388,

CLAIMS -	389 and 391 in the sum of $34,339.99 be approved, and the

Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; Nones, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

FINANCIAL REPORT -	Mayor Cragin ordered the Financial Report for the first

First Quarter	quarter of 1945 as submitted by the City Manager, filed.

HELLDORADO CELEBRATION - Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Elks

Lodge for use of the City Park and the Streets for parade
purposes during the Helldorado Celebration on May 17 to
20th inclusive be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

 

LINDEN STREET VACATION - Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be

authorized to take the necessary steps to vacate Linden
Street in the 14th Street addition between blocks 3 and 4
as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Clark.

PLANNING COMMISSION	Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Max Kelch be appointed

APPOINTMENT -	a member of the Joint Planning Commission for a 6 year term

commencing April the 16th, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
 	Clark.

STREET AND HIGHWAY   Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be authorized
IMPROVEMENTS -		to take the necessary steps to improve North Second Street

from the point beginning at Stewart Street and running
northerly along the west boundry of the present City Park
to Bonanza Road and thence on Bonanza Road to Main Street.
Also that the street be opened from the alley between the
First Street and Second Street westerly to Main Street, as
recommended by the Las Vegas - Clark County Joint Planning
Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner

Clark.
REPORT CLARK COUNTY	Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Clark County

GENERAL HOSPITAL -	General Hospital for the month of March filed in the

office of the City Manager.

BUCK EYE CHIP SPREADER - Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be

authorized to purchase from the Shaw Sales and Service
Company of Los Angeles, without competitive bids, a
Buck-Eye Chip Spreader for $650.60 F.O.B. Los Angeles.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,

	Commissioner Clark.

CLARK COUNTY HEALTH	Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Clark County

CENTER REPORT -	Health Center, together with a letter from the City

Clerk, befiled.

Agreement WITH COUNTY      Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
RE: INSPECTOR -	directed to work up an agreement with Clark County

re: Building, Plumbing and Electrical Inspection in
Clark County and submit at a future meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

ZONE VARIANCE -	Commissioner Bates moved that the request of Roy

Refer to Planning	N. Woodin, 519 Linden Street, for permission to

operate a garage at said adress be referred to the
Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

PLANNING ENGINEER TRIPS  Commissioner Bates moved that the Board of City

Commissioners approve the trip made by Mr. Petrie to
Reno and San Francisco on behalf of the City and further
that the City participate in the cost of said trip with
the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commis-
sioner Clark.

SWIMMING POOL -	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be

authorized to make swimming pool designs, and the same to
be chargeable against the bond issue when sold.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

CHARTER CHANGES -	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be

directed to review the Charter Changes and make a report
to the Council at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Clark.

BIDS - GRAVEL	Bids having been let for gravel for the City streets and

only one having been received from Martin Sand & Gravel
Company which was opened at this time with following
quotations:

250-500 Tons of gravel chips of a maximum size of 3/8 inch down to l/l6
inch, to be used for bituminous surface treatment of Las Vegas City streets.
Material to be free from dust of fracture and conform with State of
Nevada Department of Highway Specifications 77.6.

Quote price F.O.B., your plant:

If we Load -	$1.50

If you load -	2.00

Deliveries to be made as required.

250-500 Tons of Pea Gravel of a maximum size of l/2 inch
down to 1/8 inch, to be used for surface treatment of
Las Vegas City streets. Material to be free from dust of
Fracture.

Quote price F.O.B., your plant:

If we load -	$150

If you load -	200

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the bid be
rejected and bids relet to be opened at the next
regular meeting.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Clark.

ORDINANCE FOR A BUILD-   An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE

ING CODE AND ESTABLISH-  ERECTION, CONSTRUCTION, ENLARGEMENT, ALTERATION,

ING FIRE DISTRICTS -     REPAIR, MOVING, REMOVAL, CONVERSION, DEMOLITION,

OCCUPANCY, EQUIPMENT, USE, HEIGHT, AREA AND MAINTENANCE
OF BUILDINGS OR STRUCTURES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA;
PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS AND COLLECTION
OF FEES THEREFOR; DECLARING AND ESTABLISHING FIRE
DISTRICTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF,
AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NUMBERS 130, 166, 188, 284, 285,

AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH.” was referred to a committee composed of
Commissioners Bates and Corradetti.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CREATING AND ESTABLISHING FIRE ZONES”, and
also "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF
A BUREAU OF FIRE PREVENTION, PROVIDING OFFICERS 

THEREFORE AND DEFINING THEIR POWERS AND DUTIES, AND PRESCRIBING
REGULATIONS FOR FIRE PREVENTION AND LIFE SAFETY IN
CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND PROCESSES" were
referred to a Committee composed of Commissioners Bates
and Corradetti for recommendation.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Smith moved that this meeting
adjourn until May the 7th at the hour of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 10, 1945

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas is hereby called to be held in the Commissioners’ Council Chamber
in the War Memorial Building on Thursday, April 12th, 1945, an the
hour of 10:00 A.M., to act upon the following:

1. Execution paving contract - and any other
matters necessary to be considered.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. Cragin, and to Pat Clark, Walter Bates, A. Corradetti,

A. F. Smith, Sr., Chas, C. McCall, Commissioners, Mayor, and City
Manager of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a
call this day issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
will be held on Thursday April 12, 1945 at the hour of 10:00
A.M. to consider the following business:

1. Execution of paving contract, - and any other matters
necessary to be considered.

s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk
ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Major, Commissioners and City Manager of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit due service of
the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

/s/	E. W. Cragin______________ /s/	Chas. C. McCall

/s/	Walter 3. Bates_________ _______/s/	A. Corradetti_______

/s/ A. F. Smith. Sr.___________ ________________________________

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 12, 1945

Meeting called to order at the hour of 10:30 A.M.
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and Smith, City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., City
Manager, Chas. C. McCall, City Clerk, Helen Scott

	Reed. Absent, Commissioner Clark.

PAVING CONTRACT -	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the proposed

paving contract covering a portion of Ninth Street
Third Place and two alleys in connection with
Ordinances Nos. 294 and 295 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent, Commissioner Clark.

AGREEMENT 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept the

CLOS RANCH -	Deed for right of way from Mr. Clos; further, that

the provisions of the agreement attached thereto be
approved and accepted by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent, Commissioner Clark.

MARYLAND PARKWAY -	Commissioner Smith moved that the request of Mr. Oakey

that the City of Las Vegas accept that portion of
Maryland Parkway as specified be withheld until such
times as the other streets in Huntridge Subdivision can
be accepted by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners, Bates, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none, Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting it stood adjourned at the hour of 11:00 A.M.
Las Vegas, Nevada

May 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 7th day of May, 1945.
Meeting called to order at 2 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith; City Manager,

Chas. C. McCall and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.
Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

PAYROLL CLAIMS -	Commissioner Smith moved that payroll claims

397-405 inc. in the net sum of $16,050.30 be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Bates.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Smith moved that service and 

CLAIMS -	materials warrants numbers 393-396 inc. and 406 in

the sum of $14,476.11 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Bates.

BIDS - Tires -	At this time bids from the following firms were

received for tires:	Clark County Wholesale,

Ted Werner and James Cashman. Said bids were
referred to the Purchasing Agent for tabulation
and report at the next regular meeting.

BIDS - Gravel -	Bids from the Southern Nevada Industries and

Martin Sand And Gravel Company were received
and opened at this time and referred to the
Purchasing Agent for report at the next 

regular meeting. These bids were to be tabulated
by the Purchasing Agent.

There being no further business to come before
the meeting at this time Commissioner Clark
moved that this meeting recess until 2 P.M.
Wednesday May 9, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
with the following vote: Commissioners Clark,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 9, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 9th day of May, 1945.
Meeting called to order at the hour of 2:20 P.M.
by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

and Smith. Also in attendance:	City Manager,

Charles C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis Wiener,Jr.;
and Deputy City Clerk Shirley Dimock. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

MILK ORDINANCE -	An ordinance entitled:	"AN ORDINANCE TO REGULATE

THE PRODUCTION, TRANSPORTATION, PROCESSING, 

HANDLING, SAMPLING, EXAMINATION, GRADING, LABELING,
REGRADING, AND SALS OF MILK AND MILK PRODUCTS:

THE INSPECTION OF DAIRY HERDS, DAIRIES, AND MILK
PLANTS:	THE ISSUING AND REVOCATION OF PERMITS

TO MILK PRODUCERS AND DISTRIBUTORS: THE 

PLACARDING OF RESTAURANTS AND OTHER ESTABLISHMENTS
SERVING MILK OR MILK PRODUCTS: AND THE FIXING OF
PENALTIES", was read by title and referred to a
committee composed of Commissioners Bates and
Corradetti, to be reported upon at the next regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners May 22,

1945. Three copies of the above entitled ordinance
	were filed in the City Clerk’s Office.

STREET DEPARTMENT -	Commissioner Bates moved that Street Department

 Increase in Salaries      salary increases as per Report of April 30, 1945

by City Manager, Charles C. McCall to the City
Commission be approved. The increases are as follows:

Present	Approved

Salary	Salary

Assistant Foremen	$225.00	$250.00

Shovel Operator	225.00	240.00

Blade Operator	220.00	240.00

Sweeper	200.00	225.00

Commissioner Smith seconded the motion and	it was

carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

RECREATION FUNDS -	Commissioner Bates moved that funds in connection

Financial Arrangement    with the Recreation Department be administered in

accordance with the report dated May 3, 1945 as 

submitted to the Board of City Commissioners by City
Manager, Charles C. McCall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the vote following:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;

	Commissioner Clark.

CLARK COUNTY GENERAL      The report of the Clark County General Hospital 
HOSPITAL REPORT FOR	concerning patients treated during the month of April,

APRIL, 1945 - FILED -	1945 was ordered filed in the Office of City Manager.

GIBBONS & REED COMPANY Commissioner Bates moved that the City Auditor be
BID BOND REFUNDED -	authorized to prepare the warrant in the amount of

$1200.00, made payable to Gibbons & Reed Company.

Said warrant to replace a certified check in the same
amount which was deposited with the City Clerk as a
Bid Bond in connection with their contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;

	Commissioner Clark.

GIBBONS & REED COMPANY   Commissioner Bates moved that the bond furnished by
PERFORMANCE BOND     the Continental Casualty Company for Gibbons & Reed
ACCEPTED -	Company be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

HUNTRIDGE DEVELOPMENT	Petition signed by property owners in Huntridge, 

PETITION -	relative to the condition of streets was ordered filed

by Mayor E. W. Cragin. Action on this petition to
be postponed until the next regular meeting of the
	board on May 22, 1945.

HERNANDEZ PETITION -	Commissioner Bates moved that the	letter from Salvadora

Referred to Planning	Hernandez requesting authority to	operate a grocery

Commission	store at 410 Morgan Street on the Westside to be

referred to the Planning Commission for investigation
and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioner Corradetti, Smith,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

	Commissioner Clark.

SMITH-BEAM PETITION -    Commissioner Bates moved that the petition of J. D. Smith
Referred to Planning	and Estella Beam for the vacation	of Lewis Street,

Commission	between 8th and 9th streets be referred to the Planning

commission for investigation and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark
U.S.O. BUILDING -	Commissioner Bates moved that the communication from

Purchase - Referred	the Federal Works Agency concerning the purchase of

to Mr. McCall	the present U.S.O. building be considered favorably

and referred to City Manager, Charles C. McCall for
further investigation and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

VACATION ON SOUTH MAIN - Commissioner Bates	moved that	the vacation on South

Southern Nevada	Main Street by the	Southern Nevada Industries be

Industries	referred to City Manager, Charles C. McCall for 

further investigation and rightaway negotiations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

ELECTRICAL ORDINANCE -	Commissioner Bates	moved that	the City attorney be 
Printing	requested to furnish	an opinion	in connection with the

legality of printing the proposed electrical ordinance
in book form and adopted by reference only.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, non. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that City Manager, Charles
C. McCall secure bids on the cost of printing the
proposed electrical ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and Carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

FIRE PREVENTION ORDINANCE The title of an ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE 

PROVIDING FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUREAU OF FIRE 

PREVENTION, PROVIDING OFFICERS THEREFORE AND DEFINING
THEIR POWERS AND DUTIES, AND PRESCRIBING REGULATIONS
FOR FIRE PREVENTION AID LIFE SAFETY IN CONNECTION WITH
HAZARDOUS MATERIAL AND PROCESSES." was read and referred
by His Honor to a committee composed of Commissioners
Clark and Smith for investigation and report at the
next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
on May 22, 1945.

LIBRARY & CEMETERY	The April 1945 Reports from the City Library and

REPORTS-April 1945 -     Cemetery Departments were ordered filed in the City

Clerk's Office.

CHANGE ORDER -	Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor be authorized

Sub Fire Station	to initial a letter dated March 29, 1945 from the

Pioneer Construction Company regarding a change in plans
with regard to the laying of a water line at the
Sub Fire Station located in Huntridge.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

GAMING APPLICATIONS -    Commissioner Bates moved that the following applications
New & Renewals	for Gaming licenses be granted:

RENEWALS - Addition:

Mae's Market	631	So. 1st	1	Slot

Earl's Liquor Store	E &	Jackson	1	Slot

Jack Pot Club	116	Fremont	21	Game

NEW

Reid's Club	501	Jackson	1	Slot

Doc's	Calif. & Main	2	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

ELECTION BOARD -	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Mayor and City

Checks	Clerk be authorized to sign checks for the Election

Board workers.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

BID - Gravel	Bids for Gravel received at the regular meeting of

the Board of City Commissioners May 7, 1945 were
tabulated by the City Auditor as follows:

250-500 Tons Chips	250-500 Tons Chips

1/16 to 3/8”	1/8 to 1/2”

We Load_____Vendor Load	We Load Vendor load

So. Nevada Industries* $1.70/yd	$1.90/yd	$ 1.50/yd $1.75/yd

Martin Sand & Gravel    1.50/yd	2.00/yd	1.50/yd	 2.00/yd

Prices subject to cash discount per yard 20¢, if paid
by 10th of month following date of delivery.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Southern
Nevada Industries with 20¢ discount per yard if paid
by the 10th of month following date of delivery be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
with the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.

BID - Tires	Bids for Tires, received and opened at the regular

meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on May 7,

1945 were tabulated by the City Auditor as follows:

1st Grade - 750x20	2nd Grade - 750x20

10 ply 8 ply Tubes	8 ply	Tubes

Tires_____Tires__________________ Tires____________

Ted Werner	—	—	7.49 - tax	36.48 - tax

Clark County Whse.	60.23	43.08	7.49	36.20

James Cashman	60.86	46.06	8.20

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Clark County
Wholesale being the lowest and most complete bid be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;

	Commissioner	Clark.

T.W.A.	- W.A.L. -	Commissioner	Smith moved	that	City	Manager,	Charles

Sign	C. McCall be authorized to make necessary 

arrangements with T. W. A. and Western Air Lines for the
erection fo an appropriate illuminated sign at the
Terminal Building at McCarran Field.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;

	Commissioner	 Clark.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING     On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by

DEED	-	Commissioner	Corradetti,	and	 carried 	unanimously,	the

Roman Catholic Bishop    following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

14th Street

BE IT RESOLVED, this 9th day of May, 1945, by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
30th day of April, 1945 executed by Roman Catholic
Bishop of Reno, a corporation sole, Thomas K. Gorman,
incumbent, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this
Resolution be attached to said deed, and that the
same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder
of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in
the records of this Board.

ORDINANCE #297 -	An Ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR

 First Reading	LICENSING AND REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF PAWNBROKERS

AND PAWNSHOPS, AND DEFINING THE SAME: FIXING AND
IMPOSING THE LICENSE FEE TO HE PAID THEREFOR: 

PROVIDING REGULATIONS FOR THE CONDUCT OF SUCH BUSINESS:

FIXING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF: DEFINING
ALL DUTIES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS IN CONNECTION 

THEREWITH, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH." was read for the first
time to the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that said Ordinance
No. 297 be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark.
There Being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that
this meeting be recessed until Friday, May 11, 1945
at 10 A. M. at which time there will be a canvassing
of the votes cast at the Municipal Election held
May 8th, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May, 11, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners held this 11th day of May,

1945. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor
E. W. Cragin with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Clark, Smith; City Clerk
Helen Scott Heed. It appearing that this was not the
proper time according to the charter to canvass the
votes Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
recess until Thursday, Mayl7th, at the hour of 9 A.M.
to canvass the votes of the last Municipal Election.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Thereafter Commissioner Smith moved that this
meeting recess until May 17th, 1945 at 9 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
MAY 17, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this 17th day of May, 1945. Meeting called
to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of
9 A. M. with following members present; Commissioners
Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith; and City Clerk, Helen Scott
Heed. This meeting was called for the purpose of canvassing
the votes of the Municipal Election held May 8, 1945. The
Board at this time proceeded to make a canvass of the
ballots cast at the General City Election held on the 8th
day of May, 1945. The election of a Commissioner Second-
class and a Commissioner Fourth-class, City Attorney,
Municipal Judge, And City Clerk. And also a canvass of
the votes cast for or against the proposed bond issue
entitled:	"SHALL THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS BE EMPOWERED TO INCUR AN OBLIGATION ON
BEHALF OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND BE POWERED TO ISSUE
IN THE NAME OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND FOR AND ON BEHALF
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ONE HUNDRED FORTY THOUSAND
($140,000.00) DOLLARS OF GENERAL OBLIGATION BONDS FOR THE
CONSTRUCTION OF A POLICE STATION AND FACILITIES IN THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS. SAID BONDS TO BE IN DENOMINATIONS OF
ONE THOUSAND ($1,000.00) DOLLARS EACH AND TO BEAR 

INTEREST AT THE RATE OF NOT MORE THAN SIX PER CENT (6%) per
ANNUM, FROM DATE OF ISSUANCE UNTIL DATE UNTIL DATE OF
REDEMPTION AND TO BE REDEEMED IN TWENTY EQUAL ANNUAL
INSTALLMENTS. FIRST INSTALLMENTS TO HE REDEEMED ONE
YEAR (1) FROM DATE OF ISSUANCE OF SAID BONDS," and
the result of the canvass is as follows:

FOR COMMISSIONER 2ND CLASS

R. T. "Bob" Baskin:

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#1	80

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#2	65

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#3	65

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#4	68

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#5	35

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#6	57

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#7	44

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#8	88

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#9	60

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#10	53

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#11	47

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#12	37

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#13	47

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#14	6l

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#15	44

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#16	57

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#17	41

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#18	53

Las	Vegas	Precinct	#19	55

Las Vegas Precinct #20	53

Las Vegas Precinct #21	43

Las Vegas Precinct #22	35

Las Vegas Precinct #23	54

Las Vegas Precinct #24	64

Las Vegas Precinct #25	28

Las Vegas Precinct #26	36

Las Vegas Precinct #27	38

Las Vegas Precinct #28	34

Las Vegas Precinct #29	33

Las Vegas Precinct #30	76

Las Vegas Precinct #31	38

TOTAL	1589

A. F. Smith, Sr.

Las Vegas Precinct #1	56

Las Vegas Precinct #2	36

Las Vegas Precinct #3	34

Las Vegas Precinct #4	43

Las Vegas Precinct #5	40

Las Vegas Precinct #6	39

Las Vegas Precinct #7	31

Las Vegas Precinct #8	43

Las Vegas Precinct #9	14

Las Vegas Precinct #10	33

Las Vegas Precinct #11	31

Las Vegas Precinct #12	38

Las Vegas Precinct #13	34

Las Vegas Precinct #14	60

Las Vegas Precinct #15	35

Las Vegas Precinct #16	18

Las Vegas Precinct #17	23

Las Vega3 Precinct #18	23

Las Vegas Precinct #19	37

Las Vegas Precinct #20	52

Las Vegas Precinct #21	17

Las Vegas Precinct #22	10

Las Vegas Precinct #23	26

Los Vegas Precinct #24	38

Las Vegas Precinct #25	26

Las Vegas Precinct #26	13

Las Vegas Precinct #27	25

Las Vegas Precinct #28	10

Las Vegas Precinct #29	9

Las Vegas Precinct #30	26

Las Vegas Precinct #31	19

TOTAL	941

FOR COMMISSIONER FOURTH GLASS

C. R. "Pat" Clark

Las Vegas Precinct #1	100

Las Vegas Precinct #2	65

Las Vegas Precinct #3	60

Los Vegas Precinct #4	73

Las Vegas Precinct #5	46

Las Vegas Precinct #6	62

Las Vegas Precinct #7	41

Las Vegas Precinct #8	84

Las Vegas Precinct #9	65
Las Vegas	Precinct	#10	41

Las Vegas	Precinct	#11	54

Las Vegas	Precinct	#12	38

Las Vegas	Precinct	#13	54

Las Vegas	Precinct	#14	67

Las Vegas	Precinct	#15	37

Las Vegas	Precinct	#16	44

Las Vegas	Precinct	#17	43

Las Vegas	Precinct	#18	36

Las Vegas	Precinct	#19	55

Las Vegas	Precinct	#20	55

Las Vegas	Precinct	#21	44

Las Vegas	Precinct	#22	32

Las Vegas	Precinct	#23	73

Las Vegas	Precinct	#24	60

Las Vegas	Precinct	#25	35

Las Vegas	Precinct	#26	27

Las Vegas	Precinct	#27	45

Las Vegas	Precinct	#28	30

Las Vegas	Precinct	#29	35

Las Vegas	Precinct	#30	84

Las Vegas	Precinct	#31	35

TOTAL	1620

Arthur Hudson

Las Vegas	Precinct	#1	41

Las Vegas	Precinct	#2	32

Las Vegas	Precinct	#3	38

Las Vegas	Precinct	#4	32

Las Vegas	Precinct	#5	28

Las Vegas	Precinct	#6	33

Las Vegas	Precinct	#7	34

Las Vegas	Precinct	#8	45

Las Vegas	Precinct	#9	16

Las Vegas	Precinct	#10	44

Las Vegas	Precinct	#11	28

Las Vegas	Precinct	#12	33

Las Vegas	Precinct	#13	21

Las Vegas	Precinct	#14	51

Las Vegas	Precinct	#15	39

Las Vegas	Precinct	#16	28

Las Vegas	Precinct	#17	20

Las Vegas	Precinct	#18	35

Las Vegas	Precinct	#19	36

Las Vegas	Precinct	#20	44

Las Vegas	Precinct	#21	14

Las Vegas	Precinct	#22	12

Las Vegas	Precinct	#23	10

Las Vegas	Precinct	#24	40

Las Vegas	Precinct	#25	22

Las Vegas	Precinct	#26	20

Las Vegas	Precinct	#27	16

Las Vegas	Precinct	#28	13

Las Vegas	Precinct	#29	6

Las Vegas	Precinct	#30	18

Las Vegas	Precinct	#31	22

TOTAL	871

FOR CITY ATTORNEY

C. Norman Cornwall

Las Vegas	Precinct	#1	33

Las Vegas	Precinct	#2	24

Las Vegas	Precinct	#3	37

Las Vegas	Precinct	#4	47

Las Vegas	Precinct	#5	25

Las Vegas	Precinct	#6	40

Las Vegas	Precinct	#7	31

Las Vegas	Precinct	#8	53

Las Vegas	Precinct	#9	17

Los Vegas	Precinct	#10	34

Las Vegas	Precinct	#11	18

Las Vegas	Precinct	#12	28

Las Vegas	Precinct	#13	26

Las Vegas	Precinct	#14	55

Las Vegas	Precinct	#15	33

Las Vegas	Precinct	#16	31

Las Vegas	Precinct	#17	28

Las Vegas	Precinct	#18	35

Las Vegas	Precinct	#19	39

Las Vegas	Precinct	#20	37

Las Vegas	Precinct	#21	22

Las Vegas	Precinct	#22	18

Los Vegas	Precinct	#23	14

Las Vegas	Precinct	#24	35

Las Vegas	Precinct	#25	14

Las Vegas	Precinct	#26	20
Las Vegas Precinct #27	25

Las Vegas Precinct #28	20

Las Vegas Precinct #29	8

Las Vegas Precinct #30	18

Las Vegas Precinct #31	17

TOTAL	882

Julian Thruston

Las Vegas Precinct #1	49

Las Vegas Precinct #2	36

Las Vegas Precinct #3	38

Las Vegas Precinct #4	34

Las Vegas Precinct #5	21

Las Vegas Precinct #6	25

Las Vegas Precinct #7	12

Las Vegas Precinct #8	54

Las Vegas Precinct #9	41

Las Vegas Precinct #10	33

Las Vegas Precinct #11	26

Las Vegas Precinct #12	16

Las Vegas Precinct #13	31

Las Vegas Precinct #14	32

Las Vegas Precinct #15	10

Las Vegas Precinct #16	28

Las Vegas Precinct #17	16

Las Vegas Precinct #18	15

Las Vegas Precinct #19	17

Las Vegas Precinct #20	19

Las Vegas Precinct #21	25

Las Vegas Precinct #22	13

Las Vegas Precinct #23	36

Las Vegas Precinct #24	31

Las Vegas Precinct #25	21

Las Vegas Precinct #26	15

Las Vegas Precinct #27	18

Las Vegas Precinct #28	14

Las Vegas Precinct #29	17

Las Vegas Precinct #30	59

Las Vegas Precinct #31	26

TOTAL	828

Louis Wiener, Jr.

Las Vegas Precinct #1	6l

Las Vegas Precinct #2	44

Las Vegas Precinct #3	25

Las Vegas Precinct #4	29

Las Vegas Precinct #5	29

Las Vegas Precinct #6	32

Las Vegas Precinct #7	33

Las Vegas Precinct #8	21

Las Vegas Precinct #9	21

Las Vegas Precinct #10	24

Las Vegas Precinct #11	39

Las Vegas Precinct #12	32

Las Vegas Precinct #13	23

Las Vegas Precinct #14	36

Las Vegas Precinct #15	37

Las Vegas Precinct #16	16

Las Vegas Precinct #17	20

Las Vegas Precinct #18	28

Las Vegas Precinct #19	36

Las Vegas Precinct #20	49

Las Vegas Precinct #21	13

Las Vegas Precinct #22	14

Las Vegas Precinct #23	33

Las Vegas Precinct #24	33

Las Vegas Precinct #25	23

Las Vegas Precinct #26	15

Las Vegas Precinct #27	23

Las Vegas Precinct #28	n

Las Vegas Precinct #29	17

Las Vegas Precinct #30	25

Las Vegas Precinct #31	£5

TOTAL	862

FOR MUNICIPAL JUDGE

A. G. Blad

Las Vegas Precinct #1	103

Las Vegas Precinct #2	85

Las Vegas Precinct #3	86

Las Vegas Precinct #4	95

Las Vegas Precinct #5	53

Las Vegas Precinct #6	75

Las Vegas Precinct #7	64

Las Vegas Precinct #8	75

Las Vegas Precinct #9	52

Las Vegas Precinct #10	78
Las Vegas Precinct #11
Las Vegas Precinct #12
Las Vegas Precinct #13
Las Vegas Precinct #14
Las Vegas Precinct #15
Las Vegas Precinct #16
Las Vegas Precinct #17
Las Vegas Precinct #18
Las Vegas Precinct #19
Las Vegas Precinct #20
Las Vegas Precinct #21
Las Vegas Precinct #22
Las Vegas Precinct #23
Las Vegas Precinct #24
Las Vegas Precinct #25
Las Vegas Precinct #26
Las Vegas Precinct #27
Las Vegas Precinct #28
Las Vegas Precinct #29
Las Vegas Precinct #30
Las Vegas Precinct #31

TOTAL	1994

64
62

59
112

70

60
58

52
76
94

51
41

53
86

52
43

No Count

39

40
57
48

106
83
81
95
62
70
66
79
58
77

61

62
62

116
67
6l

58
53
79
94
51
42
61
88

51
45

No Count
40
40

59

52

FOR CITY CLERK

Helen Scott Reed

Las Vegas Precinct #1
Las Vegas Precinct #2
Las Vegas Precinct #3
Las Vegas Precinct #4
Las Vegas Precinct #5
Las Vegas Precinct #6
Las Vegas Precinct #7
Las Vegas Precinct #8
Las Vegas Precinct #9
Las Vegas Precinct #10
Las Vegas Precinct #11
Las Vegas Precinct #12
Las Vegas Precinct #13
Las Vegas Precinct #14
Los Vegas Precinct #15
Las Vegas Precinct #16
Las Vegas Precinct #17
Las Vegas Precinct #18
Las Vegas Precinct #19
Las Vegas Precinct #20
Las Vegas Precinct #21
Las Vegas Precinct #22
Las Vegas Precinct #23
Las Vegas Precinct #24
Las Vegas Precinct #25
Las Vegas Precinct #26
Las Vegas Precinct #27
Las Vegas Precinct #28
Las Vegas Precinct #29
Las Vegas Precinct #30
Las Vegas Precinct #31

TOTAL	2019

Las Vegas Precinct #1
Las Vegas Precinct #2
Las Vegas Precinct #3
Las Vegas Precinct #4
Las Vegas Precinct #5
Las Vegas Precinct #6
Las Vegas Precinct #7
Las Vegas Precinct #8
Las Vegas Precinct #9
Las Vegas Precinct #10
Las Vegas Precinct #11
Las Vegas Precinct #12
Las Vegas Precinct #13
Las Vegas Precinct #14
Las Vegas Precinct #15
Las Vegas Precinct #16

Yes

84

55

45

28

36

30

30

22

15

27

11

6

15
27
13

16

No

8

8

5

3

8

2

3

4
4

6
1

4

1

2

ON THE QUESTION
NON-PROPERTY OWNERS BALLOT

"SHALL THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BE
EMPOWERED TO INCUR AN OBLIGATION ON BEHALF OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
AND BE EMPOWERED TO ISSUE IN THE NAME OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND
FOR AND ON BEHALF OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ONE HUNDRED FORTY THOUSAND
($140,000.00) DOLLARS OF GENERAL OBLIGATION BONDS FOR THE CONSTRUCTION
OF A POLICE STATION AND FACILITIES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS. SAID
BONDS TO BE IN DENOMINATIONS OF ONE THOUSAND ($1,000.00) DOLLARS EACH
AND TO BEAR INTEREST AT THE RATE OF NOT MORE THAN SIX PER CENT (6%)

PER ANNUM, FROM THE DATE OF ISSUANCE UNTIL DATE OF REDEMPTION AND TO
BE REDEEMED IN TWENTY (20) EQUAL ANNUAL INSTALLMENTS. FIRST 

INSTALLMENT TO BE REDEEMED ONE YEAR FROM DATE OF ISSUANCE OF SAID BONDS."
Las Vegas Precinct # 17
Las Vegas Precinct #18
Las Vegas Precinct #19
Las Vegas Precinct #20
Las Vegas Precinct #21
Las Vegas Precinct #22
Las Vegas Precinct #23
Las Vegas Precinct #24
Las Vegas Precinct #25
Las Vegas Precinct #26
Las Vegas Precinct #27
Las Vegas Precinct #28
Las Vegas Precinct #29
Las Vegas Precinct #30
Las Vegas Precinct #31

PROPERTY OWNERS BOND BALLOT

Las Vegas Precinct #1
Las Vegas Precinct #2
Las Vegas Precinct #3
Las Vegas Precinct #4
Las Vegas Precinct #5
Las Vegas Precinct #6
Las Vegas Precinct #7
Las Vegas Precinct #8
Las Vegas Precinct #9
Las Vegas Precinct #10
Las Vegas Precinct #11
Las Vegas Precinct #12
Las Vegas Precinct #13
Las Vegas Precinct #14
Las Vegas Precinct #15
Las Vegas Precinct #l6
Las Vegas Precinct #17
Las Vegas Precinct #18
Las Vegas Precinct #19
Las Vegas Precinct #20
Las Vegas Precinct #21
Las Vegas Precinct #22
Las Vegas Precinct #23
Las Vegas Precinct #24
Las Vegas Precinct #25
Las Vegas Precinct #26
Las Vegas Precinct #27
Las Vegas Precinct #28
Las Vegas Precinct #29
Las Vegas Precinct #30
Las Vegas Precinct #31

Yes	No

16	2

19	1

28	7

36	3

6	1

21

22	4

24

24
14

3

4

8	2

30	11

10

TOTAL 722	90

Yes	No

38	7

32	5

38	10

47	11

19	13

54	4

37	2

83	18

34	9

43  18
50	15

46	7

50	15

71	21

55	7

41	11

40	5

49	7

37	16

54	8

36	13

22	3

30	16

58	6

20	10

30	4

58	4

32	4

25	6

40	14

32	5

TOTAL 1301	364

There upon it appearing to the Board that the
following plurality of all votes cast for their
respective offices Commissioner Smith that:

R. T. "Bob” Baskin be and is hereby declared to
be the duly elected Commissioner 2nd Class of the
City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years and
it was further resolved that the City Clerk be and
she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to said R. T. "Bob" Baskin.

C. R. "Pat" Clark be and he is hereby declared to
be the duly elected City Commissioner 4th Class of
the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years and
it was further resolved that the City Clerk be, and
she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to said C. R. "Pat" Clark.

C. Norman Cornwall be and he is hereby declared to
be the duly elected City Attorney of the City of
Las Vegas for the ensuing two years and it was 

further resolved that the City Clerk be, and she is
hereby directed to issue a certificate of election
to said C. Norman Cornwall.

A. G. Blad be and he is hereby declared to be the
duly elected Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas
for the ensuing two years and it was further resolved
that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed
to issue a certificate of election to said A. G.

Blad.
Helen Scott Reed be and she is hereby declared to
be the duly elected City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas for the ensuing four years and it was 

further resolved that the City Clerk be, and she is
hereby directed to issue a certificate of election
to said Helen Scott Reed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the proposed Bond
Election submitted to the voters on May 8th, 1945
be declared carried in recognition of the will of
qualified voters casting a majority vote therefor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Thereafter there being no further business to come
before this meeting Commissioner Smith moved that
the meeting adjourn until 2 P.M. on May 22nd, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this 22nd day of May, 1945. Meeting
called to order at the hour of 2:45 P.M. by His
Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith; City Manager Charles C. McCall; City 

Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; and City Clerk Helen Scott
Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of April
21, May 7, May 9, and May 11, be approved by 

reference and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims #407

to #410 inc. and #422 to #425 inc., in the net sum
of $14,705.99 be approved and the Mayor and the City
Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bates
Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material

CLAIMS	Claims 425-427 inc. in the sum of $11,463.72 be

approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

	noes, none.

BIDS - Fire Hose	Bids for 1,000 feet of 2½ inch fire hose, with

couplings, paragon or equal, and 1,000 feet of 1½
inch fire hose, with couplings, paragon or equal,
were opened from the following firms:
Pioneer Rubber Co.

American Rubber Co.

Eureka Fire Hose Co.

This being the only bid received, Commissioner Smith
moved that the bid of the Eureka Fire Hose Company
be accepted subject to the approval of the F. W. A.,
and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be 
authorized to. institute all necessary proceedings in
connection with the vacation of Fourteenth Street,
described as follows;

"The easterly fifteen feet of Fourteenth Street
abutting Lots Nos. 1, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11, of Block 19,

Ladd Addition to Las Vegas," as recommended by the Planning
Commission at a regular meeting January 30, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A letter was received from the Pioneer Construction Company
under date of May 15, 1945, requesting approval of the
following changes on the firestation job:

1)	Due to the fact that it will be necessary to wash the
walls and floor of the toilet room periodically, it was
suggested that cement base be used in lieu of wood
base as now specified. The cost of this change for
both stations will be thirty-three dollars ($33.00)

2)	No allowance has been made in plans for a starter course
for roof tile on fire stations. The additional cost
for the above gable rakes, as per Robert’s Roofing
Company quotation is $155.00 plus ten percent of a total
of $170.00.

3)	There was no provision made for access doors and cat-
walks in the attics of the fire station job. This
work is essential in order to have access to any
trouble that may develop in any of the mechanical work
installed in the attic, The additional cost for the
above outlined work will be $77.00.

There after Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing be
approved and authorized the Mayor to sign and initial said
changes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be 

instructed to bring condemnation proceedings against Mrs. Pauline
Kline for the acquisition of right-of-way on North 14th and
15th Streets and Charleston Boulevard and a certain portion
of Clark Street, as outlined on City Drawings No. 1000.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

agreement with the United States of America for permission to
use certain right-of-way for road purposes and electric
pole lines as indicated on exhibit A attached to their
letter of May 10, 1945. Said consideration to be in the
sum of One Dollar ($1.00).

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT - United States
Government

CONDEMNATION PROCEEDINGS
Right of Way -

CHANGE ORDERS - Fire
Station

VACATING OF 14th
STREET 

2½ Inch	1½ Inch

Per Ft. TOTAL	Per Ft. TOTAL

No Bid	No Bid

No Bid	No Bid

$1.30	$1300	$ .90	$900
Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the design
for a sign at McCarran Field as submitted, and authorize
the City Manager to negotiate a lease with the Nevada
Electric for the installation and maintenance of Said sign.
Further that the Western Air and TWA participate equally in
said lease and it has been negotiated it be submitted
to the Board for their approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be
authorized to institute all necessary proceedings in
connection with the vacation of Linden Street, described
as follows:

"That portion of Linden Street from the westerly
line of Thirteenth Street to the easterly line of the
Kelso-Turner tract, abutting Lot 7, Block 4 and Lot 1, Block 3
of Fourteenth Street City Addition of Las Vegas," as
recommended by the Planning Commission at a regular meeting
held April 3, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approved the 

agreement between the City of Las Vegas and Cuba and Peter Clos
upon the same terms agreed upon by the Board of Commissioners
April 12, 1945, and authorize the Mayor and city Clerk to
execute agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Bids far Fire Station equipment were opened from the follow-
ing firms at this time as follows:

BIDS - Fire Station
Equipment

AGREEMENT - Cuba and Peter

Clos

VACATING LINDEN STREET -

MCCARRAN FIELD - Sign

1.	  Deluge Set w/tips 3 inlets &

running board mount. Akron or equal 1	315.00 326.00 No Bid 326.00

2.	Hose Shutoff Peerless or Equal	1	25.00	34.50	38.00	35.00

3.         2½x2½ Wye Connection-FS & WW Hirsch

or equal	2	No Bid	33.00	25.30	25.00

4.	Hose Expander Set 2/ l½"x2½"

segments,Buckely or	equal	1	No Bid	50.00	25.40	52.50

5.	2½" Tap & Die Set, Elkhart or

equal	1	75.00 45.00	No Bid No Bid

6.	1½" Tap & Die Set, Elkhart or

equal	1	70.00 No Bid No Bid No Bid



TABULATION OF BIDS-FIRE EQUIPMENT

ITEM	EQUIPMENT	QUAN.   R.G.  Gen'l  Stan. FS &, WW

Davis Pacific Whse. Hirsch

1.	l½ qt. Fire Extinguisher (CC14)

Gen’ Pacific or Equal	14	119.00	119.00	119.00	119.00

2.	Siamese Connection 2½"xl½" with

Shut-off. Gen'l Pacific	or	equal	1	No Bid	20.40	12.00	23.00

3.	Siamese Connection 2½xl½"xl½" with

shut-off. Gen'l Pacific	or	equal	2	40.00	40.80	40.70	46.00

4.	Pilot Gauge, Gen'l Pacific or equal   1	35.00	37.50 NoBid No Bid

R. G. Davis Company	- Low on Items 3 & 4

Standard Wholesale Co. - Low on Item 2
All Equal	- Item 1


Bids from the Light Plant and Flood lights were

received from the following firms and opened at
this time:

ITEM	EQUIPMENT	QUAN. Davis	Gen.Pac. Stand. FS-WW Hir.

1.	1500 Watt Light Plant—Master

or equal	1	357.50	No Bid	448.00	385.00

2.	500 Watt Flood Lights - S & M

#1605 or equal	2	100.00	No Bid	120.00	154.00

*********************************

Bids for Shut-off nozzles were received from
the following firms and opened at this time:

1.	2½" Shutoff nozzles w/tips - Gen’l

Fire Truck or equal	4	100.00	90.00	59.00	240.00

2.	l½" Shutoff Nozzles w/tips - Gen’l

Fire Truck or equal	6	90.00	120.00	72.90	291.00

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming
applications for additional games be approved:

FRONTIER CLUB	115	Fremont	1	Red & 	Black

C. F. REID	501	Jackson	1	Slot

EL CORTEZ HOTEL CO.	600	Fremont	2	Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honorvoting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be
instructed to run a notice in the Las Vegas Morning
Tribune informing the public that the City Commission
of the City of Las Vegas intend by ordinance duly passed
to adopt a uniform Milk Ordinance and Code at a meeting
to be held not less than 9 days from the date of the
publication of the notice.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark ,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the
tentative map of Charleston Square together with the
requirements for improvement, as amended, as noted on
the letter from the Planning Commission accompanying
said map.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the
tentative sub-division map of South Fifth Street Addition,
together with requirements for improvements which will
be the basis for a final record map and notice to the
subdivider of those things to be demanded of him in
connection with approval of the final map; said approval
being the recommendation of the Planning Commission.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Roy G. Davis
Company, being the low bidder, be accepted on the
following items.

Also that the bid of the Standard Wholesale on Item #2-
one Siamese Connection 2½x1½ with Shut-off, in the sum
of $12.00, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commission Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ITEM	QUANTITY	PRICE	TOTAL

l½ Qt. Fire Extinguishers	14	8.50	$119.00

Siamese Conn. 2½xl½xl½

with shut-off	2	20.00	40.00

Pilot Gauge	1	35.00	35.00

BIDS AWARDED - Fire
Equipment

SOUTH FIFTH STREET
DIVISION 

SUB-DIVISION MAP -
Charleston Square

MILK ORDINANCE & CODE -

Gaming Applications -
Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Roy G. Davis

Company, who were the low bidders on the following articles
be approved:

1	1500 W Light Plant	$375.50

1	500 W Flood Lights	100.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Standard
Wholesale Company being the lowest bidder on the following
articles, be accepted:

Shut-off Nozzles w/tips	4	$ 59.00

l½" Shut-off Nozzles w/tips	6	72.90

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following bids be awarded
to the lowest bidder, who are:

Standard Wholesale	1 hose expander set with l½x2½

Company	Segments — Buckley	$25.40

Roy G. Davis Company	1 Deluge Set withtips, 3 inlets

and running	board mounts,	315.00

Akron or equal

1 Hose Shut-off, Peerless	or equal	25.00

1 l½" Tap and	die set	70.00

FS & WW Hirsch	2 2½x2½ Wye Connections	12.50 ea.

Gen’l Pacific Corp.	1 2½" Tap & Die Set, Elkhart or

equal	45.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Bates moved that the meeting
adjourn until 10 a.m. Monday morning, June 4, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 4, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 4th day of June, 1945. Meeting
called to order by His Honor, Mayor E.W. Cragin at
10 a.m., with the following members present:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, smith and City Clerk
Helen Scott Reed.

It appearing to His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, that the
newly elected officers were qualified to take office
according to the requirements set forth in the City
Charter, he proceeded to administer the official oath to the
following officers:	C. R. "Pat" Clark, Commissioner 4th

Class; R. T. "Bob" Baskin, Commissioner 2nd Class;

A. G. Blad, Municipal judge; C. Norman Cornwall, City
Attorney; and Helen Scott Reed, city Clerk, and he 

declared them legally seated. After some discussion, it
was mutually agreed upon that the Board Meeting be held,
as heretofore, on the 7th and 22nd of each month,
providing they do not fall on a Sunday or a holiday, in
which case the meeting will be held the day before the
regular meeting.
ELECTRICAL BOARD
MAYOR PRO-TEM

Mayor Cragin appointed R. T. Baskin to membership on
the Electrical Examiners Board to replace Commissioner
Smith.

Commissioner Bates moved that Commissioner Clark be
appointed Mayor Pro-tem.

Motion Seconded By Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Baskin,

Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time, Mayor Cragin addressed the Board, thanking
Commissioner Smith for his loyalty and untireing efforts
on behalf of the City of Las Vegas and extending a 

welcome to our new Commissioner, R. T. Baskin. Mayor Cragin
also gave a short resume of the work accomplished in the
past two years since he was installed as Mayor. 

Commissioner Smith responded; after which Commissioner Clark
moved that the Board give a standing vote of thanks to
Commissioner Smith for his services to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and carried
by the following vote; Commissioner Bates, Baskin,

Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates at this time stated to Commissioner
Smith his pleasure in working with him for the past two
years, to which Mr. Smith responded.

Thereafter, there being no further business to come before
the meeting Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
adjourn until 2 p.m. June 7th, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark,

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of June, 1945. Meeting called to order
by his Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark and Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman
Cornwall; City Manager, Charles C. McCall; and City Clerk,.
Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of May 17, May 22,
and June 4 be approved with the exception of those certain
resolutions relating to vacations of land on 14th Street
and Linden Avenue to be copied in the Minutes of May 22.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims #434 to
#445 inclusive in the net sum of $17,126.24 and poll tax
deductions in the sum of $60.00 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk be authorized to sign the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Claims
#429 to #433 inclusive in the sum of $16,913.37 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin ordered the Building, Electrical and Plumbing
Reports for the month of May filed.

REPORTS FILED

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PAYROLL CLAIMS
GOVERNMENT LEASE--	Commissioner Clark moved that the Grazing Service be

Grazing Service	granted a one year extension of their lease of the

CCC Building and the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

C.A.A. LEASE RENEWAL	Commissioner Clark moved that the request for a renewal

Radio Range Control	of the C.A.A. Range Control Lease by the Government

Quarters—Teletype	be granted for the next year and the Mayor and City

Station	Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



C.A.A. RADIO ANTENNA	Commissioner Clark moved that the request of the 

LEASE	Government for a renewal of one year on C.A.A. Radio Antenna

Lease be granted and the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WEATHER BUREAU LEASE—	Commissioner Clark moved that the lease of the Weather

Renewal	Bureau for space at McCarran Field Terminal be granted

an extension of one year and the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GARBAGE DEPARTMENT—	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be

Refuse Getter	authorized to place an order for 13 yard refuse getter,

not to exceed $2700.00 in price. Order to be confirmed
with the Board at the time of delivery date to 

ascertain if money available in budget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION-—Harold Stocker	Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of Harold

Stocker requesting the City to vacate certain alleys,
be referred to the Planning Commission and request and
answer by the next regular meeting, June 22, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION -- C & P Clos	On the motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by

Commissioner Corradetti and carried unanimously, the
following resolution was adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of June, 1945 by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed dated the first day of June, 1945, executed by Cuba Clos
and Peter Clos to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be
attached to said deed and the same be recorded in the Office of the
County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in
the records of this Board.



GOLF COURSE--Club House	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the

preliminary report dated June 6, 1945 in connection
with the construction of the Club House at the Golf
Course and instruct the City Manager to continue
negotiations along the same line and present any new
developments to the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
VACATION--Lewis Street	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

recommendation of the Planning Commission as per their letter to
the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners as of June 7,

1945, recommending the vacation of that portion of Lewis
Street between Eighth and Ninth Streets as requested in the
Petition of the School Board and Mrs. E. C. Beam. This
vacation is to be permitted only on the condition that this
area is to be developed for institutional uses and future
establishment of the proposed Teen-Age Recreation Center.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE VARIATIONS	Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the

Planning Commission that Harvey Jones be granted permission
to use a portion of Lot 1 Block 12 H F M & N addition for the
operation of a Beauty Shop be approved with the following
conditions:

(1)	Commercial use be permitted only in that portion
of the building now located at the rear of this
lot on the alley between Monroe and Jackson Streets.

(2)	That there be no alteration in the residential
character of the premises in connection therewith.

(3)	That no signs or advertizing devise relative thereto
be displayed on the premises.

(4)	That the required use petitioned for, Beauty Shop,
be permitted only in accordance with State Health
Regulations and requirements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE VARIATION—	Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the 

Case No. 8	Planning Commission that Harry W. Garritt be permitted to erect

an auto service station, Lot 1 & 2 of Block 2 of H F M & N
Addition, under the conditions recommended by the Planning
Board which are on file in the City Clerk’s Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONING VIOLATION—	Commissioner Bates moved that the matter of zoning violation

Salvador Hernandez	by Mr. Hernandez be referred to the City Attorney for 

investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS—Sidewalk	Bids for laying sidewalks in certain portions of the City were

opened from the following firms:

Item #1	Item #2 Item #3 Item #4

.28/ft	.28/ft	.28/ft	.28/ft

.28/ft	.28/ft	.28/ft	.30/ft

.30/ft	.30/ft	.30/ft	.30/ft

Horace Shidler, Gen'l Contractor
Stocks Mill & Supply Company
E. H. Thomas Company

Thereafter it appearing that the bid of Horace Shidler was the
low bid, Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Horace
Shidler for the construction of sidewalks in certain portions
of the City be accepted.

PROPOSED MILK ORDINANCE	Commissioner Bates moved that the first reading of the 

#298	proposed Milk Ordinance #298 be delayed until the meeting of

June 22, to give the Milk dealers an opportunity to study
the code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

COMPTROLLER APPOINTMENT      Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of City

Manager, Charles C. McCall that Mr. T. E. Fennessy be 

appointed Comptroller for the City of Las Vegas to assume his
new duties June 1, 1945, at the salary of $400.00 per month
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
SEXTON APPOINTED	Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Joseph Stewart be

appointed Cemetery Sexton to replace Henry Deadrich,
deceased, at a salary of $200.00 per month, beginning
June 4, 1945, as recommended by the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAWNBROKERS ORDINANCE	An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR

LICENSING AND REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF PAWNBROKERS
AND PAWN SHOPS, AND DEFINING THE SAME: FIXING AND
IMPOSING THE LICENSE FEE TO BE PAID THEREFOR: PROVIDING
REGULATIONS FOR THE CONDUCT OF SUCH BUSINESS: FIXING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF: DEFINING ALL
DUTIES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, AND
TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN 

CONFLICT HEREWITH," was read by title and referred to
Commissioners Baskin and Clark for report.



CONVICT ORDINANCE	"AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY,

NEVADA, REQUIRING PERSONS CONVICTED OF CERTAIN CRIMES,

WHO SHALL COME INTO OR BE WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, TO REGISTER IN THE OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF POLICE
OF SAID CITY, FIXING THE PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF,
AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO," was read by title to
the Board and referred to Commissioners Bates and 

Corradetti for report.

At the hour of 3:20 p.m. the Board recessed.

Meeting reconvened at the hour of 3:30 p.m. with all
members present as of the opening session, this date.

At this time Commissioner Clark reported that the 

committee heretofore appointed on the Convict Ordinance
wished to report favorably.

Commissioner Bates also stated that his committee on
the Pawnbrokers Ordinance reported favorably.

ORDINANCE #297 —	Can Ordinance entitled:	"AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR

First Reading	LICENSING AND REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF PAWNBROKERS

AND PAWNSHOPS, AND DEFINING THE SAME: FIXING AND 

IMPOSING THE LICENSE FEE TO BE PAID THEREFOR: PROVIDING 

REGULATIONS FOR THE CONDUCT OF SUCH BUSINESS: FIXING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF: DEFINING ALL DUTIES OF CERTAIN
OFFICERS IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, AND TO REPEAL ALL
ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH,"
was read to the Board for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Corradetti moved that Ordinance
#297 be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CONVICT ORDINANCE #299	An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF

LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, REQUIRING PERSONS 

CONVICTED OF CERTAIN CRIMES, WHO SHALL COME INTO OR BE
WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS, TO REGISTER IN THE
OFFICE OF THE CHIEF OF POLICE OF SAID CITY, FIXING THE
PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF, AND OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO," was read to the Board for the first
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Corradetti moved that Ordinance
#299 be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

JUSTICE COURT	Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas allow

the County the use of the West Room of the present 

Library Building for the use of the Justice Courtroom until
January 1, 1946, after which a new agreement may be
entered into; further that the County bear all of the
expense of remodeling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



S.S. REX CLUB	Commissioner Bates moved that the license of the S. S.

Rex Club be revoked.

Motion died for want of a second.
Commissioner Clark moved that P.O. Silvagni be notified
by registered letter that all parties interested in the
operation of the S. S. Rex Club, with the exception of
himself, be removed before the third quarter begins, July 1,
1945, or his license will be revoked. That all parties in
the future interested in the Rex Club must have approval
of the Board of City Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bates.

AGREEMENT—C.A.A.	Commissioner Clark moved that the City approve an amendment

Instrument Landing	to the existing agreement between the Civil Aeronautics

System	Administration and the City of Las Vegas regarding the 

installation of an instrument landing system at McCarran
field as follows:

(1)	The localizer Transmitter plot to be increased in size
from 250' x 250' to a plot 250' x 300' and reorientate as
shown on Drawing 6D-866-1, revised June 2, 1945.

(2)	The relocation of the boundary marker unit to a point
275 feet from the Southwest end of the Northeast-Southwest
runway and 100 feet to the West of the runway centerline as
detailed on the above mentioned drawing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and

His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Clark moved the meeting adjourn
until June 22, 1945, at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 15, 1945

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas is hereby called to be held in the Commissioners'
Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Friday,

June 15, 1945, at the hour of 4:00 P.M., to act upon the
following:

1. Mike’s Liquor Store

/s/ Pat__Clark______________________

Mayor pro-tem

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	C.R. "Pat" Clark, Mayor pro-tem, and to Walter Bates,

A. Corradetti and R. T. "Bob" Baskin, Commissioners and
Mayor pro-tem of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant
to a call this day issued by Mayor pro-tem Clark, a special
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held on Friday, June 15, 1945,
at the hour of 4:00 P.M., to consider the following business:

1. Mike's Liquor Store

/s/ Helen Scott Reed_______________

City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada
June 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of June, 1945. Meeting called to
order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of
2:45 P.M. with the following members present:	

Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark; City Manager, Charles
C. McCall; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: City
Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall and Commissioner Corradetti.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO REGULATE THE
PRODUCTION, TRANSPORTATION, PROCESSING, HANDLING,
SAMPLING, EXAMINATION, GRADING, LABELING, REGRADING,

AND SALE OF MILK AND MILK PRODUCTS; THE INSPECTION OF
DAIRY HERDS, DAIRIES, AND MILK PLANTS; THE ISSUING AND
REVOCATION OF PERMITS TO MILK PRODUCERS AND 

DISTRIBUTORS; THE PLACARDING OF RESTAURANTS AND OTHER 

ESTABLISHMENT'S SERVING MILK OR MILK PRODUCTS; AND THE FIXING
OF PENALTIES," was read to the Board as an emergency
ordinance.

After which Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing
ordinance be adopted on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

The foregoing ordinance was read to the Board for a
second time.

After which Commissioner Clark moved that the said
ordinance be approved and adopted upon its second
reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	

Commissioner Corradetti.

ORDINANCE 298

Meeting called to order at the hour of 4 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor pro-tem Clark, with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti, and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

This meeting was called for the purpose of discussing
the liquor license of Mike's Liquor Store. A copy
of complaint No. 24565 date June 13, 1945 relating to
the death of one Bill Watter together with statements
of witnesses and a statement by the Police Department
was read to the Board and after considerable 

discussion Commissioner Bates moved that Mike's Liquor
Store license be suspended until such time as the
City Commission sees fit to renew said license. Said
suspension based upon recommendation and investigation
of the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor pro-tem Clark voting aye;
noes, none. Absent; Mayor Cragin.

There being no further business to be brought up at
this meeting, the meeting adjourned.

We, the undersigned, Mayor pro-tem, and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

/s/ A. Corradetti_______________________ /s/ Bob Baskin_____________________________

/s/ Pat Clark___________________________ /s/ Walter B. Bates
Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the Board meeting
of June 7 and of the special meeting June 15 and also the minutes
of June 4 as amended, be approved by reference and the Mayor
and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims #449 to #458
inclusive, in the net sum of $15,646.77 and Poll Tax in the
sum of $27.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Claims
#446 to #448 inclusive, in the sum of- $26,038.69 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized
to negotiate with Wes Neeley for rental of CCC Building for the
purpose of raising chickens. Said agreement to be submitted to
the Board at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
negotiate an agreement with the Edward L. Burton Company, Salt
Lake City, for sale of bonds for Police Station and Swimming
Pool. Said agreement to be signed by the Mayor and City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be directed to have
notices posted on that Certain property described as follows,
to-wit:

"The easterly fifteen feet of right-of-way bordering lots 1,
7,8,9,10 & 11, Block 19 of Ladd’s Addition, in the City of Las
Vegas as shown by the map thereof on record in the County 

Recorder’s Office, Clark County, Nevada, giving notice for 

hearing for vacation of right of way. Said hearing to be held
on the 24th day of July at the hour of 2:30 P.M."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be directed to
post notices of public hearing July 24, 1945, at the hour of
2:00 P.M. for vacation of certain portions of Linden Street
described as follows, to-wit:

"That portion of Linden Street formerly dedicated as Sycamore
Street, west of 13th Street which dead ends to the rear of the
Kelso-Turner Terrace Addition an area of approximately sixty feet
wide, 128 deep, between Blocks 3 & 4 of the 14th Street Addition,
as shown by the map thereof on record in the County Recorders
Office, Clark County, Nevada."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none:	Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of the Boulder
Club Inc. at 118 Fremont Street for one Race Horse Book be
granted; and the application of the El Cortez Hotel Company for
three slot machines in the Lobby of the Hotel, and four slot
machines in the Casino, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
institute all legal proceedings necessary for the vacation of
two alleys in Block 6 of Ladd Addition to Las Vegas bounded by
Fremont, Carson, Maryland Parkway (12th Street) and 13th Street
excepting that ten feet portion east-west alley adjacent to
Maryland Parkway or 12th Street; and that notice of hearing on
said petition for vacation be given by posting, setting the date
as July 24, at the hour of 2 P.M.

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Additions



NOTICE of HEARING
Vacation of two
Alleys

VACATION—Linden
Street



VACATION—Right of
Way Ladd Addition

AGREEMENT—Edward
L. Burton Co.
Las Vegas Bonds

AGREEMENT--Wes

Neeley

SERVICE & MATERIAL
CLAIMS

PAYROLL CLAIMS
Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Corradetti.

At this time bids from the following firms for the 

printing of the proposed Electrical Ordinance in booklet form
were opened.

Brimmies	250 copies	$125.00

L.V. Tribune	250 copies	87.50

These bids were ordered held up pending a decision of the
City Attorney as to the legality of having the proposed
ordinance published in this form.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be 

authorized to advertise for bids for the sale of one Adams
Grader.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

An Ordinance entitled:	"AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR

LICENSING AND REGULATING THE BUSINESS OF PAWNBROKERS AND
PAWNSHOPS, AND DEFINING THE SAME: FIXING AND IMPOSING THE
LICENSE FEE TO BE PAID THEREFOR; PROVIDING REGULATIONS FOR
THE CONDUCT OF SUCH BUSINESS; FIXING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION THEREOF; DEFINING ALL DUTIES OF CERTAIN OFFICERS
IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT HEREWITH," was read to the Board for the second
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing
Ordinance No. 297 be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Corradetti.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA, REQUIRING PERSONS CONVICTED
OF CERTAIN CRIMES, WHO SHALL COME INTO OR BE WITHIN SAID
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, TO REGISTER IN THE OFFICE OF THE CHIEF
OF POLICE OF SAID CITY, FIXING THE PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION
HEREOF, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO," was read to the
Board for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing
ordinance No. 299 be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
recess until June 29, at the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Corradetti.

GRADER SALE

ORDINANCE #297

Second Reading

ORDINANCE #299
Second Reading

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 29, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this 29th day of June, 1945. Meeting
called to order at the hour of 10 a.m. by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin with the following members present:	

Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager,
Charles C. McCall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Mayor Dixon from Caliente, Nevada was present and given a
welcome by the Mayor. After which the meeting adjourned
subject to call.

Meeting convened at the hour of 11:25 a.m. with all 

members present as of the Opening Session of this date.
GAMING APPLICATION

Renewals

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming 

applications which are renewals be granted:

BUSINESS	ADDRESS	GAMING EQUIP.

Ace Bar	111 So. 1st St.	16 slots

Adam's Grocery	North 9th St.	1	slot

Apache Hotel Lobby	Second and Fremont	3	slots

Apache Bar (Front)	Second and Fremont	7	slots

Apache Bar (Back)	Second and Fremont St.	3	slots

Betty’s Cafe	1039 South Main	3 slots

B and B Super Market	820	So. 5th St.	4	slots

Boulder Liquor Store	423	Fremont	4	slots

Ball Grocery	404	So. Second	2 	slots

Belverdere Grocery	H and Harrison St.	1 slot

Black Cat Cafe	418	Madison	2 	slots

Bus Terminal Cafe	127	So. First St.	   2 	slots

Busy Bee Cafe	105	No. First St.	2	 slots

Charleston Grocery	17 West Charleston	3	slots

Cinabar	102 So. First St.	4	slots

Cornet's 5-10¢ Store	205 Fremont St.	3	slots

Cotton Club	E and Jackson	1	 slot

Cotton Club	E and Jackson	6	slots

2 poker

1 "21" (Black Jack)
1 Craps

1	Race Horse Keno

Cut Rate Liquor Store	132 So. 5th St.	2	slots

Dick’s Bar	118 No. 1st St.	1	slot

Dew Drop Inn	D and Jackson	1	slot

Do-Drop-In	1313 Jackson	2	slots

Earl’s Liquor Store	501 Jackson St.	3	slots

Earl’s Club	E and Jackson	1	slot

2	poker

1	craps

Eight Ball Bar	117 No. 1st St.	8	slots

El Morocco Bar	E and Jackson	1	slot

El Morocco Club	E and Jackson		3 slots

2	poker

 		1	craps

El Cortez Hotel Company	600 Fremont St.	4	slots

El Cortez Hotel Co.	600 Fremont St.	15	slots

2	"21" games
1 Craps

		1	Roulette

El Cortez Hotel Co.	600 Fremont St.	10	slots

El Cortez Hotel Co.	600 Fremont St.	3	slots

Esquire Bar 	120 So. 2nd St.	4 slots

Ethel’s Family Liquor	28 Fremont	1	slot

Store #1

Ethel’s Family Liquor	411 Fremont	1	slot

Store #2

Fremont Arcade	105 Fremont	34	slots

1 "21" game
1 Craps

Fremont Tavern Inc.	105 So. First	3	slots

Foreign Club	111 No. First	2	slots

Frontier Club	117 Fremont St.	37	slots

3	Black Jack

1	Pan

5 Poker
3 Craps

2	Roulette

1 Race Horse Keno
1 Hopper Keno
(10 Chairs)

  		1 Race Horse Book

Golden Camel Bar	110 North First St.

Jack Pot Club	116 Fremont St.	3	slots

Jimmies 3ar	807 So. Main St.	3	slots

John's Desert Inn	1503 So. 5th St.	3	slots

Knipp's Tire Shop	1715 Fremont St.	1	 slot

Larnin’s Drug Store	812 So. 5th St.	4	slots

Las Vegas Recreation Center	125 So. Second St.	8	slots

Las Vegas Liquor Store	812 E. Fremont	1	slot

Las Vegas Pharmacy	32 Fremont St.	2	slots

Lee’s Drive Inn	10th and Fremont	2	slots

Leonard’s Hamburger Stand	324½ Fremont	5	slots

Lido Bar	107 No. First St.	4	slots

Log Cabin Bar	122 No. First St.	3	slots

Love Cafe	127 So. Second St.	3	slots

Low Price Market	131 North Main St.	1	slot

Mandalay Bar	111 Fremont St.	10 slots

Mark’s Food Company	1500 E. Fremont	6	slots

Mike’s Liquor Store	106 Fremont St.	4	slots

Modern Food Shop	315 Fremont St.	2	slots

Mom’s Lunch	1400 Fremont		2 slots

Mulligan’s Richfield Serv.

Station	300 Fremont	1	 slot

Nevada Bar	115 Mo. First St.	5	slots

Nevada Coffee Shop	112 No. First St.	2	 slots

Oklahoma Cafe	220 No. First St.	2	slots
BUSINESS	ADDRESS	GAMING EQUIP.

Orange Julius Co.	40$ Fremont St.	5	slots

Ortons Grill	121 So. 5th	3	slots

Overland Hotel	2 Fremont	2	slots

Overland Bar	2 Fremont	4	slots

Oppedyk Jersy Dairy	1000 Mo. Main St.	1	slot

P and B Cafe	201 No. First St.	1	slot

Pearl’s Cafe	 224 No. First St.	2 slots

Pioneer Cocktail Lounge	25 Fremont St.	7	slots

Playland Arcade	129 So. First St.	46	slots

Pioneer Club	25 Fremont St.	38	slots

2 Pan
6 Poker

1	Race Horse Keno
6 "21" games

2	Roulette
2 Craps

Prescription Pharmacy	814 Fremont St.	1	slot

Rancho Grande Creamery	406 So. Second St.	1	slot

Rex Bar	128 So. First St.	2	slots

Recreation Tavern	123 So. Second St.	4	slots

Saveway Drug	14 Fremont St.	1	slot

Smith’s Drive Inn	313 Stewart	2	slots

Stephen's Market	729 So. Fifth St.	3	slots

Sal Sagev Tavern	1 Fremont	8	slots

S.W. Liquor Store	101 Carson	3	slots

L. L. Snyder’s Grocery	300 Bonanza Rd.	3	slots

Smith’s Root Beer Stand	Third & Stewart	1	slot

Silver State News Stand	110 So. Second St.	3	slots

Sill’s Drive Inn	Fifth & Charleston

Sam’s Cafe	320 Fremont St.	5	slots

Salad Bowl Restaurant	122 So. First St.	4	slots

Shady Rest Cafe	F & Jackson Sts.	2	slots

Silver Club	108 No. First St.	1	Roulette

2 "21" game

	2 Craps

Silver State Texaco Station	Fifth & Fremont	1	slot

Sal Sagev Hotel	Main and Fremont	3	slots

Sal Sagev Cafe	Main & Fremont	2	slots

Silver Cafe	106 No. First St.	4	slots

108 No. First St.	2	slots

Slot Machine	101 Fremont St.	35	slots

Thrifty Market	Charleston & Main	3	slots

120 No. First	1	slot

13 Fremont St.	2	slots

Westside Cafe	D & Madison	2	slots

Westside Tavern	B & Wilson Sts.	3	slots

Wimpy’s Cafe	210 Fremont St.	3	slots

White Cross Drug Co.	201 Fremont St.	2	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of W. E.

Gold Nugget	Greene for a retail Tavern Liquor License at the

Gold Nugget, 129 E. Fremont St., be granted.

Motion seconded by the Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSE OF MURPHY	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Guy

Beverage License	H. Murphy for a retail beverage license at 1407 South

Fifth St., namely The House of Murphy, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FIFTH STREET LIQUOR	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Katie

STORE	Potter for a Retail Liquor License at the Fifth St. Liquor

Application Granted	Store, 727 So. Fifth St., be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark voting

aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

TOM'S LIQUOR STORE	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Thomas

Application granted	E. Kirby for a Retail Liquor License at Tom's Liquor Store,

1927 So. Main St., be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

JOHNSON & OSTENSON	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Blaine

APPLICATION	Johnson for a Retail Liquor License at Johnson and Ostenson

Denied	Grocery and Market at 602 So. Fifth St., be denied.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; Commissioner Baskin passed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Gus Klein for a
Retail Liquor License at the Thrifty Market at Charleston and
Main Sts., be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Baskin passed his
vote.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Barney D.

Zigtema for a Retail Beverage License, at Barney's Fifth Street
Market, 630 So. Fifth St., be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Retail Tavern License 

heretofore issued to Mike’s Liquor Store be revoked immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of M. H. Gordon
for a Seal Package Liquor License at Mike’s Liquor Store, 106
Fremont Street, be granted, and the applicant allowed to open his
store.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of A. R. Stowell for
a Retail Liquor License at the Charleston Liquor Store on
Charleston Blvd. be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Baskin passed his vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of P. 0. Silvagni
for twenty-eight (28) slot machines, 1 poker, 1 pan, three (3)

"21" games, two (2) craps, two (2) Roulettes, one (1) Faro, and
one (1) Race Horse Keno, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark voting aye;

noes, Commissioner Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of W. E. Greene for
one (1) poker and one (1) roulette for the Gold Nugget Gaming
House, 123 to 129 E. Fremont be held up until the location is
established.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark and Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of James R. Clark
for four (4) slot machines at the Market Spot, 117 Carson street,
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of P. L. Jeffries for
a Retail Beverage License of the Brown Derby, be approved. 

Further that if any trouble should occur at that location the
license would be immediately revoked. Also that the gaming 

applications for four (4) slot machines be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates and Clark voting aye;

noes, Commissioner Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the applications of the 

following firms for a pawnbrokers license be approved, whose bonds
are on file in the office of City Clerk:	Steel's Jewelry and

Square Deal Loan. Further that the applications of Stoney's
Loan Shop and Pioneer Loan Company be granted as soon as their
bonds are filed with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



PAWNSHOP LICENSES
Granted

BROWN DERBY

MARKET SPOT

GOLD NUGGET
Gaming

S. S. REX CLUB
Application denied

CHARLESTON LIQUOR
STORE

Application denied

MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE
Sealed Package License
granted

MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE

TAVERN LICENSE Revoked

BARNEY'S FIFTH STREET
MARKET

THRIFTY MARKET
Application Denied


An Ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION
WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE 

FINGERPRINTING AND THUMBPRINTING OF ALL EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING
HOUSES AND ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE
WOLD AT RETAIL ON THE PREMISES AND TAXI DRIVERS, AND 

PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR A VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE." was
referred to a committee composed of Commissioners Clark,

Bates, Baskin for report at the next meeting.

There being no farther business to come before the 

meeting at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
adjourn until July 7, at the hour of 10:00 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, 3ates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ORDINANCE NO. 301

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

ROY CRAM--Block Plant

BERNARD BURGER—Request
Juvenile Court Space

ADAMS GRADER SALE

f.o.b. Las Vegas

Edward R. Bacon Company	San Francisco, California	$1250.00

Lincoln County	Pioche, Nevada	1200.00

Shaw Sales & Service	Los Angeles, California	1375.00

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the Adams Grader
be sold to the Shaw Sales Service Company $1375.00
f.o.b. Las Vegas, being the high bidder.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 7th day of July, 1945. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 10:40 a.m. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti; City Manager Charles C. McCall; and Deputy City
Clerk Shirley Dimock. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claim Nos. 459 to
466 inclusive, 468, 469 and 473 in the net sum of $17,508.39
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service & Material Warrant
Nos. 467, 470 and 472 inclusive in the net sum of $11,869.76,
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of Roy Cram for
permission to temporarily operate a Block Plant on East 

Fremont be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the letter from Bernard Burger,
Juvenile Officer, asking for additional space for the 

Juvenile Court, be filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

Invitations to bid on an Adams Grader were received and
opened from the following firms:
DYKE LANE—Right of Way

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
#300 - City Zoning

CHARLESTON SQUARE

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
NEW

Hicks & Badger

WESTSIDE TAVERN
J. Chewning

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Renewals

Apache Bar	Bucknam Dist. Company	124	Fremont	St.	1 Slot

T. I. Mason

B Sc H Grocery	Sam Lafer	402	Bonanza	2 Slots

Boulder Club	A. H. Stevenson	122	Fremont	St.	37 Slots

1 Pan
1 Poker
1 Tango

1	Race Horse Keno

2	Roulette
2 Craps
1 Faro Bank
1 Big Wheel
5 "21" games
1 Race Horse Book

Commissioner Bates moved that Quitclaims from Julia A. Russell,
Cappie Leo Hennon Sc Pearl Hennon, Dennis G. Burt and Virginia
M. Burt, Sophie Oliver, Emil A. Schulz, Susie Nangle, H. L.
Sosbee & Lorena Sosbee, and Jean Legere Sc Bertha Legere, for
certain portions of the right-of-way on Dyke Lane be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 2 OF
ORDINANCE NO. 264 AS AMENDED BY SECTION NO. 1 OF ORDINANCE
NO. 286 AND SECTION NO. 8 OF ORDINANCE NO. 264 OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED 'AN ORDINANCE OF THE COMMISSION OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT, 

INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS, WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS
VEGAS; DEFINING SUCH DISTRICTS; DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT,
ESTABLISH MAINTAIN OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS OR 

ESTABLISHMENTS WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID 

COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS; REGULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT, 

MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR 

ESTABLISHMENTS IN OPERATION AND REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR 

ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
OF SAID ORDINANCE, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT 

HEREWITH, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," was read for the first time to the
Board.

After which Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing 

Ordinance be adopted on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Clark.

The foregoing ordinance was read to the Board for a second time.

After which Commissioner Bates moved that the said ordinance
be approved and adopted upon its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board authorize the Mayor
and City Clerk to sign original map of Charleston Square
No. 1 of Las Vegas, subject to an agreement to be entered
into by the Master Homes Incorporated and the City of Las
Vegas with reference to streets, curbing, and sidewalk 

improvement. After said agreement is approved by City Engineer and
City Manager, the Mayor and City Clerk will sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of M. B. Hicks
and H. Badger for a Retail Tavern Liquor License at 116
Fremont Street be approved when the building is remodeled to
comply with City Ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of J. Chewning
of the Westside Tavern, 206 Wilson for a Retail Beverage 

License be granted upon the approval of the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following applications for
renewal of gaming licenses be granted:
Boulder Drug	H.	D. Farnow	121	Fremont St.	7	Slots

City Drug	F.	Bollig	231	Fremont	7	Slots

Dick’s Bar	R.	Roschl	118	No. First	1	Slot 

Doc's	E.	W. Ladd	1200 So. Main	2	Slots

Food Center	A.	Goot	8th	& Fremont	5	Slots

Gilbert Bros.	J.	Fulcher	W.	Bonanza	4	Slots

L. V. Barbecue	S.	DuBois	22	Fremont	3	Slots

L. V. Club	J.	K. Houssels	23	Fremont	29	Slots

4 "21" Games
3 Poker
2 Pan
2 Craps
2 Roulette
1 Faro Bank
1 Race Horse Bk.

1	Race Horse Keno

1	Tango - 100 Ch.

L. V. Tavern	J.	K. Houssels	19	Fremont		7	Slots

Lincoln Auto Court     T.K. Mason	1502 South	Fifth	1	Slot

Little Horse Shoe Cafe T. K. Mason	118	No.	First	1	Slot

Mae's Grocery	Mae Askew	631	So.	First	1	Slot

Monte Carlo	Wilbur Clark	15 Fremont	18 slots

2	Craps

2	Roulette

3	"21" Games

Nevada Biltmore Hotel G. E. Kinsey	600	No.	Main	9	Slots

1	Craps

2	"21"

1 Roulette

Oasis Cafe	C.	Bennett	123 Fremont	3	Slots

Pony Express	E.	Wilson	123 So. First	7	Slots

Sewell's	A.	H. Imming	307 Fremont	2	Slots

Shamrock Cafe	F.	Kernan	1501 So. Fifth	2	Slots

Snyder's Grocery	L.	L.	Snyder	300	Bonanza	1	slot

Spic N Span	T.	K.	Mason	129	Fremont	3	Slots

State Cafe	M.	C.	Kress	20 Fremont	4	Slots

Tivoli Bar	J.	B.	Gaut	126	No. First	3	Slots

Bob Burrows

Tip's Cafe	E.	Rowe	1516 So. Fifth	2	Slots

Town Barbeque	E.	D. Ciliax	506 Fremont	3	Slots

White Spot Cafe	M.	Korhonis	109 Fremont	8	Slots

Westside Tavern	J.	Chewning	206 Wilson	4	slots

Tom's Liquor Store    T.	E. Kirby	1027 So. Main	2	Slots

House of Murphy	T.	K. Mason	1407 So. Fifth	2	Slots

New Overland Cafe    Cleo McDonald	6 Fremont	4 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Com-
missioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Dave Stearns
for a Race Horse Book at the SS Rex Turf Club, 128 Fremont,
be granted if applicant changes name to "Turf Club".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

There being no further business to be brought before the
meeting at this time Commissioner Bates moved that this
meeting recess until Tuesday June 10, 1945, at 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Clark.

GAMING APPLICATION
SS Rex Turf
Las Vegas, Nevada

July 10, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 10th day of July, 1945. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 10:20 A.M. with the 

following members present: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti;
City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; and Deputy City Clerk, Shirley
Dimock. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the motion of the Board meeting of
October 19, 1943 be amended to read as follows, allowing the Blue
Cab Company six additional cabs:

"Commissioner Bates moved that the Board grant
licensee for all cabs owned or hereafter owned
by the present cab owners and that no cab 

company shall be granted a permit to operate more
cabs than it has in operation at this time and
which has heretofore been authorized by the City
Commission, as follows:

BLUE CAB COMPANY	12

RIDDLE TOURS	12

VEGAS TRANSIT	12

TANNER MOTORS	12

LEE SPEERS	2

C. W. LANE	2

All cab companies shall identify their cabs by
a numeral on the rear of the cab, where it can
be seen readily and that said numbers shall be
registered with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, and Smith and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

At this time Commissioner Clark arrived.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION WITH
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE FINGERPRINTING,
THUMBPRINTING AND PHOTOGRAPHING OF ALL EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING HOUSES,
TAXI DRIVERS AND EMPLOYEES OF ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC 

BEVERAGES ARE SOLD AT RETAIL ON THE PREMISES AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR
A VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE," was read to the Board for the first
time.

After which Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing Ordinance be
adopted on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

The foregoing Ordinance was read to the Board for a second time.

After which Commissioner Bates moved that the said Ordinance be
approved and adopted upon its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting recess until
July 11, 1945 at the hour of 10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

ORDINANCE NO. 301

TAXICAB 
Las Vegas, Nevada

July 11, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 11th day of July, 1945. Meeting called to order at
the hour of 11:50 A.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and City Manager Charles C. McCall; City Attorney,

C. Norman Cornwall; Deputy City Clerk, Shirley Dimock.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign the original map of the proposed Charleston Square,
submitted by the Master Homes Incorporated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There bing no further business to be brought before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn
until July 21, 1945 at 10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 21, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 21st day of July, 1945. Meeting called to order at the
hour of 10 a.m. with following members present:	Mayor

E. W. Cragin; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti;
City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; City Manager, Charles C.
McCall; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of June 22, June 29,
and July 7 be approved by reference, and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 475 to 483
inclusive in the net sum of $15,497.05 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin ordered the reports of the Building Inspector and
Electrical Inspector for the month of May, and City Library
for the months of May and June, filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the violation of the Nevada Sub-
Division Law by Arnold Zougg and William Mendelsohn be referred
to the City Attorney for action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Guy McAfee for
one Poker Game and one Crap Game at the Golden Nugget, 125
Fremont Street be granted.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS

NEVADA SUB DIVISION

LAW VIOLATION

GOLDEN NUGGET
Gaming Application

PAYROLL CLAIMS
J. Ensley	D and Jackson Streets	1	Slot

Ted Saunders	116 South 1st Street	1	Slot

Edmond's Service Station	5th and Carson	1	Slot

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Licenses Granted

DO DROP INN

VICTORY SANDWICH
SHOP

GAYER COMPANY



NEVADA SHOE SHOP
Gaming Application

S. S. REX — Gaming
APPLICATION

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Guy McAfee for
a license to operate 19 slot machines, 1 pan game, 1 poker game,
2 craps, 2 roulettes, 2 "21" games, 1 Race Horse Keno Game at
the S. S. Rex, 128 E. Fremont Street Be granted subject to the
approval of his lease with P.O. Silvagni by the Board of City
Commissioners. Said lease to be left with the City Clerk for
their inspection.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following renewals of slot
machine licenses be granted:

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the Gayer
Company for license to operate one slot machine at the Nevada
Shoe Shop, 24 Fremont Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates with the following vote:
Commissioners Bates and Corradetti voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Baskin, Clark and His Honor.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Gayer Company
for license to operate one slot machine at the Nevada Shoe Shop,

24 Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Clark, and His Honor Voting aye;

noes, Commissioners Bates, and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Virginia Barrett
for a retail beverage license at the Virginia Cafe, 927 Fremont
Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the vote relating to Ordinance
No. 301 made on the 10th day of July at a recessed regular 

meeting be rescinded insofar as it being an Emergency Ordinance.

Motion seconded by commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Ordinance No. 301 entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION
WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE 

FINGERPRINTING, THUMBPRINTING AND PHOTOGRAPHING OF ALL EMPLOYEES OF
GAMBLING HOUSES, TAXI DRIVERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF ESTABLISHMENTS
WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE S OLD RETAIL ON THE PREMISES AND
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR A VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE," was read
by title and referred to a committee composed of Commissioners
Baskin and Clark for consideration and report.

The meeting at this time recessed for a ten minute period.

Meeting reconvened after the expiration of ten minutes with all
members present as of the opening session.

The committee having reported favorably, an ordinance entitled,
"AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE FINGERPRINTING, THUMBPRINTING AND
PHOTOGRAPHING OF ALL EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING HOUSES, TAXI DRIVERS,
AND EMPLOYEES OF ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE
SOLD AT RETAIL ON THE PREMISES AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR A
VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE," was read for the first time to
the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved the adoption of the 

foregoing ordinance on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ORDINANCE NO. 301

VIRGINIA CAFE
Retail Beverage
Licenses
Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve a request of
the Planning Commission for an additional $300.00 to offset
their 1945 Budget. Said request to be contingent upon the
approval of the State Finance Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VETERANS ADMINISTRATION Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to

notify the Veteran’s Administration that there is no space
available in the War Memorial Building due to the expansion of
City activities.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and carried by the
following vote: commissioner Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Bates and Baskin passed
their vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of Wes Neeley for
lease of city Property south of the Red Rooster on the Los
Angeles highway be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that petition to vacate an alley
between 8th and 9th streets between Mesquite and Linden be
referred to the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the purchase
of radio equipment for the Police Department as was indicated
by Requisition #1985 in the sum of $1,800.00.

Motion Seconded By Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the report of audit of accounts
of the City of Las Vegas for the calendar year of 1944 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, and His
Honor voting ayes; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that all labor to be established at a
minimum of $175.00 per month. Previously the labor in connection
with Parks, Golf Course, Cemetery and Sewer was rated at only
$170.00 per month. On this basis it was difficult to hold men,
also it was inconvenient when employees were transferred from one
assignment to another.

The following other salary changes are recommended:

From	To

Head Linesman, Electrical Department	$250.00	$270.OO

Sewer Foreman	180.00	190.00

Ass't Sewer Foreman	175.00	185.00

Ass't Building Inspector	190.00	200.00

Street Foreman	275.00	300.00

Superintendent of	Parks	190.00	225.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled, "AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO REGULATE THE
USE OF WATER IN THE WOODLAWN PARK ADDITION TO THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS BETWEEN THE MONTH OF MAY 15 TO SEPTEMBER 15 INCLUSIVE AND
DEFINING THE REGULATION OF WATER REGULATION THEREOF, PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE AND REPEALING ALL
OTHER ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," was referred to a committee
composed of Commissioners Baskin, and Clark for recommendation.

At the hour of 11a.m. the recessed, present as of the opening
session this date.

At the hour of 11:12 a.m. the meeting reconvened with all present as
of the opening session this date.

The committee appointed to report on proposed ordinance no. 302
submitted a favorable report and recommended that the ordinance be
adopted.

Thereafter said ordinance entitled, "AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO
REGULATE THE USE OF WATER IN THE WOODLAWN PARK ADDITION TO THE CITY

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE

NO. 302

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
NO. 302

SALARY CHANGES

GEORGE H. WOOD
REPORT -

POLICE DEPARTMENT
Radio Equipment

VACATION

WES NEELEY -- Lease
of City Property

PLANNING COMMISSION
Budget
OF LAS VEGAS BETWEEN THE MONTH OF MAY 15 TO SEPTEMBER 15, 

INCLUSIVE AND DEFINING THE REGULATION OF WATER REGULATING THEREOF,
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE AND
REPEALING ALL OTHER ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," was read
to the Board two times. After which Commissioner Bates moved the
adoption of said ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and his Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrant Nos.

474, and 484 to 488 inclusive, in the sum of $4,746.56 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the gaming license for the Rex Club
be granted when Mr. McAfee has presented a signed copy of the Lease
with P.O. Silvagni to the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting,
Commissioner Bates moved that the meeting recess until Tuesday,

July 24th at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 24, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 24th day of July , 1945. Meeting called to order at the
hour of 2 p.m. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti;

City Manager Charles C. McCall; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall;
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

VACATION * Linden St.

13th St. to Kelso-Turner This being the time set for the hearing of protests on the vacation

of Linden Street in the 14th Street Addition between Blocks 3 and 4.
After some discussion Commissioner Bates moved that the vacation
of the foregoing described street be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VACATION * Easterly	This being	the time set	for the hearing of protests for the 

15 Feet of 14 Street	vacation of	the easterly	fifteen feet of Fourteenth Street abutting

Fremont to Carson	Lots 1, 7,	8, 9, 10 and	11, Block 19 of Ladd's Addition to the City

of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada. And no objectors appearing,
Commissioner Clark moved that the said property on the west side of
this street, conveying to the City of Las Vegas the easterly 10
feet of the westerly 15 feet fo South 14th Street between Lewis and
Clark Streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

VACATION * Alleys	This being the time set for hearing of the petition for vacation of

Between Fremont,	alleys in Block 6 of Ladd Addition to Las Vegas bounded by Fremont,

Carson, Maryland	Carson, Maryland Parkway (12th Street) and 13th Street excepting

Parkway and 13th.	that ten feet portion of east-west alley adjacent to Maryland

Parkway of 12th Street. There being no objection presented, 

Commissioner Clark moved that said vacation be granted subject to the
terms and conditions as outlined by the Planning Commissioner in
their communication of June 20, 1945, as follows:

SERVICE & MATERIAL

REX CLUB
1.	Provide adequate off-street parking for occupants and
employees of the establishment.

2.	Provide facilities within the property for services,
deliveries, refuse disposal, collections, etc.

3.	Secure approval of the Fire Chief of the City of Las
Vegas as to adequate fire protection facilities, fire
hydrants and location, accessibility, etc.

4.	Recognize ten foot (10) building setback on Maryland
Parkway (12th Street). For this alley location the
applicant is to convey addition ten (10) feet of right
of way on Maryland Parkway on portions of Lots 7, 8,

9, 10, 11 and to provide by lease, option, or other
suitable contractual arrangement, assurance for the
future acquisition of ten (10) feet of right of way on
Lot 1 when needed by the City. Vacation of these alleys
should not included the westerly ten (10) feet of the full
alley width of he east west alley in this block.

5.	Provide adequate easement for the maintenance of 

utilities now located in the alleys described with approval
of any Utility Companies concerned. If vacation is 

completed, the City shall not maintain any sewer or other
public facilities beyond the limits of public right of
way.

6.	Vacation not to be final or to be recorded until a bona
fide contract has been let and actual construction has
begun in accordance with the plan or other approved
plans as submitted relative relative to this petition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor Voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS -- Paint	At this time bids from the following companies for repainting

the War Memorial Building exterior were received from the
following firms and opened.

FIRM	ITEM #1	ITEM #2	ITEM #3

F. W. SHARPE	$1611.00	NO BID	NO BID	20 day to complete

EARL C. TAYLOR	1800.00	No BID	NO BID	30 days to complete

Begin within 10 days

E. J. GILBREATH	2579.20	$2579.20	$2079.20	10 days to complete

Begin within 30 days

D.	M. REEVES	1350.00	1500.00	1075.00	21 Working days to

Complete

Begin within 10 days

The bids were referred to the City Manager for tabulation.

BIDS -- Electric Light  At this time bids from the following companies for electric light
Lamps	lamps were opened and read:

FIRM	 ITEM #1	ITEM #2

Standard Wholesale - Westing house	28%	28%

(Total purchase in excess of $750.00

but not to exceed $1500.00 per annum	Less 5% Cash Disc.

to be purchased as required in case
lots. The contract to covering the
period August 1, 1945 to August 1,

1946.)

Luce and Goodfellow, Inc. -	28%	28%

General Electric

No Disc. for cash

Mr. Howell C. Garrison appeared in person and presented the request
to the Board that his application for permit to build multiple 

dwellings on his property on East Charleston Boulevard be granted 

forthwith.

On the motion of Commissioner Clark, it was ordered that his
petition be referred to Mr. McCall and if no legal reason exists
whereby the permit should not be granted, it should be granted at
once.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

BUILDING PERMIT -
Howell Garrison
Commissioner Bates moved that the Bid of D. M. Reeves on
Item #2 in the sum of $1500.00 for the repainting of the War
Memorial Building be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of the Standard Wholesale
Supply Company for electric lights and lamps for the Period
August 1, 1945 and to August 1, 1946 be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn
until August 7th, 1945 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BID AWARDED — Paint

ELECTRIC LIGHT BID
Accepted

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
7th day of August, 1945, Meeting called to order at the hour of
2 p.m. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark; City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall; City Manager Charles C. McCall; and City Clerk
Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of July 21 and July
24 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Corradetti.

BIDS—Fire Department	At this time bids for furniture for use in the Fire Department

Furniture	were received and opened. Only one bids was received, from the

Armanko Office Supply Company, Reno, Nevada, which is as 

follows:

ITEM	ARTICLE	QUAN.	UNIT	AMOUNT

NO.	PRICE

1	#7507-60	60x34 Walnut Flat Top Desks	3	$108.75	$326.25

2	#40 AR Swivel Arm Chairs--walnut	3	33.00	99.00

3	#30 AC Side Arm Walnut Side Chairs	3	25.00	75.00

$ 500.25

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of Armanko Office Supply
Company be accepted provided it meets the requirements requested.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.
Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 490 to 499
inclusive in the net sum of $17,224.22 he approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

The Building, Plumbing and Electrical Reports for the month of
July were read, after which Mayor Cragin ordered them filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition to vacate Coolidge
Avenue between South Fourth Street and Charleston Boulevard
be referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was
adopted and order made.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of August, 1945 by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 20th day of April,

1945, executed by Murray Wollman and Nate Mack to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the
purposes and intentions therein set forth.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this 

resolution be attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded
in the Office of County Recorder, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time Robert Jones, Esq., appeared before the Board and
entered an oral protest against the adoption of Ordinance No.

301. Mr. Jones appeared on behalf of the Bartender & Culinary
Workers.

Diamond Jack Davis also entered a protest against said ordinance.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the request of the Police 

Department to send Luther Horner and B. J. Handlon to the F. B. I.
Fingerprinting School at Reno, Nevada, at City expense be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Baskin moved that George Rambo be reimbursed in
the sum of $10.20 for expenses incurred while attending a
School of Instruction at Ely, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following salary adjustments
for employees of the Fire Department be approved as follows,
and become effective as of August 16, 1945:

Previous	Recommended

Captains	$230.00	$265.00

Drivers	215.00	250.00

Firemen	210.00	240.00

Mechanics	250.00	250.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Claud Sargent, Ordinance Officer,
be granted a raise in salary as of August 16, 1945 at the rate
of $275.00 per month

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.



PAYROLL CLAIMS

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS

VACATION—Coolidge Ave.
Between South 4th &
Charleston Boulevard

QUITCLAIM DEEDS—

Nate Mack & Murray
Wollman

ORDINANCE #301
Objection

POLICE DEPARTMENT—
Fingerprinting School

GEORGE RAMBO—

Reimbursement

SALARY ADJUSTMENT
Fire Department

CLAUD SARGENT
Salary
DETAIL BEVERAGE LICENSE    Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Michael Silvagni
Mike Silvagni	for a Retail Beverage License at the S. S. Rex, 128 Fremont Street,

be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

RETAIL LIQUOR LICENSE      Commissioner Bates moved that the application of John Anton
John's Desert Inn	for a Retail Liquor License at John's Desert Inn, 1503 South

5th Street be tabled until a full Board is present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

GAMING APPLICATION	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of M. B.

S. S. Rex	Abrams for one poker game and three slot machines at the

S. S. Rex, 128 Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Jack 

Weisberger for one slot machine at the Richfield Service Station,

300 Fremont Street, and the application of the Gayer Company
for four slot machines at the Professional Drug, 421 Fremont
and the application of the Gayer Company for one slot machine
at the Virginia Cafe, 925 Fremont Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

WEATHER BUREAU	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the site for

Site Approved	the new building, Weather Bureau, Airport Terminal as shown

on City Map #D-150-E, on file in the City Manager’s Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

SKILLED LABOR	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized

Prevailing Wage	to hire, when necessary, skilled labor and to pay them at

Scale	the prevailing wage scale.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

ORDINANCE #301	An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION

2nd Reading	WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE 

FINGERPRINTING, THUMBPRINTING AND PHOTOGRAPHING OF ALL EMPLOYEES
OF GAMBLING HOUSES, TAXI DRIVERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF 

ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE SOLD AT RETAIL ON
THE PREMISES AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR A VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE," was read to the Board for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved the adoption of the 

foregoing ordinance. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

ORDINANCE #303	An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE ERECTION

1st Reading	CONSTRUCTION, ENLARGEMENT, ALTERATION, REPAIR, MOVING, 

REMOVAL, CONVERSION, DEMOLITION, OCCUPANCY, EQUIPMENT, USE,

HEIGHT, AREA, AND MAINTENANCE OF BUILDINGS OR STRUCTURES IN
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA: PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE
OF PERMITS AND COLLECTION OF FEES THEREFOR; DECLARING AND
ESTABLISHING FIRE DISTRICTS: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES NUMBERS 130,

166, 188, 284, 285 AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF 

ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,” which was referred to a
committee composed of Commissioners Bates and Corradetti on
April 21, 1945 and reported favorably at this time, was read
for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing 

ordinance be adopted on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
ESTABLISHING FIRE ZONES," which was referred to a committee
composed of Commissioners Bates and Corradetti on April 21,

1945 and reported favorably at this time, was read for the
first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing 

ordinance be adopted on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, hone. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

Commissioner Baskin moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 500 to 506 inclusive in the sum of $16,176.91 be 

approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of the Las Vegas Morning
Tribune for the printing of the proposed electrical ordinance
in booklet form in the sum of $87.50 be accepted. Said bid
being the lowest received for an estimated quantity of 250
booklets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized
to exspend $577.35 for Library purchases which have been 

approved by the Recreation Board and provided for in the 1945
Budget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the Board at
this time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until August 22, at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion was seconded by Commissioners Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

ORDINANCE #304
1st Reading

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS

ELECTRICAL ORDIN-

ANCE- Printing

LIBRARY SUPPLY
Las Vegas, Nevada
August 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
22nd day of August, 1945. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark Corradetti,

City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; Acting City Manager, T. E.
Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of July 10 and 11 and
August 7, 1945 be approved by reference, and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 507 to 519 

inclusive in the net sum of $15,478.24 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk Authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of certain property
owners in the Wardie and South Additions to delay installation
of sidewalks as provided for in Ordinance No. 291 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.

520 to 524 inclusive in the sum of $6,087.21 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the site of the
C.A.A. Building at the Airport as designated on Map 150 - E
on file in the office of the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Acting City Manager be instructed
to inform Mr. Peelan that the City is willing to negotiate an
agreement for the collection and disposal of garbage with him for
a three months period, beginning as of October 1, 1945 for a fee
of $10,000.00 payable in three equal payments of $3,333.33 on
October 10, November 10, and December 10; provided, however, that
the total sum paid shall not exceed the amount of fees collected
for the fourth quarter service. If his services prove satisfactory
a contract will be negotiated in the form submitted by Mr. Peelan,
but with minor changes in terminology relative to settlement dates
and with a protective clause added providing that his charge to
the City for services shall not exceed the amount collected for
the period involved in the settlement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Acting City Manager be 

instructed to notify the State Highway Department that the City is willing
to negotiate with them relative to a plot of land, 30 feet, fronting
on Highway 91, by 98 feet deep (approximate), South of the Red
Rooster and adjacent thereto, to offer to Grace Hayes in lieu
of a right of way for highway purposes. Title to said plot of land
to be retained by the City in case Miss Hayes does not accept the
plan. Also the City is willing to deed a twenty-two (22) foot
strip along the east side of Highway 91 of City owned property in
that vicinity required by the State for right-of-way in connection
with the widening of Highway 91 and the installation by the State
of curbs and sidewalks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honorvoting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SIDEWALK PETITION — protest

Wardie & South Addn.

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

C. A. A. — Building Site
Commissioner Bates moved that all liquor applications now on
file in the City Clerk’s Office and subsequent filing will be
acted upon the 28th of September, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote; Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be instructed to
have posted, as provided by law, notice of intention to vacate
that certain alley in Block 18 of the Buck’s Addition as requested
by petition, and setting the date for hearing at 2 p.m., September
28, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the Joint
Planning Commission that the Church of Latter Day Saints at
9th and Clark Streets be granted a zone variance on Lots 3 and
4, Block 19 of the Wardie Addition for the construction of a
warehouse, as set forth in their letter of August 21, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commission Baskin, and carried by he following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the revised tentative map of South
Fifth Street be approved as recommended by the Planning Commission.

Notion Seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendation of the Acting
City Manager to reclassify the bookkeeper assigned at 
$175.00 a month to Storekeeper at $200.00 a month to become
effective September 1, 1945, be approved.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board accept the recommendation
of the Planning Commissioner relative to the extension of Bonanza
Road as follows:

The proposal of the State Highway Department
to improve and extend Bonanza Road from a point
beginning at North Main Street and running
easterly along the north boundary of the pre-
sent City Park to North Fifth Street be approved.

This proposal is made in the State Highway 

Department's "Preliminary Report for Advanced Planning
in Las Vegas area, November 1, 1944".

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that T. E. Fennessy be appointed Acting
City Manager until September 1, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that A. F. Smith, Sr. and George 

Rittenhouse, City Engineer, be appointed members of the Cemetery Board
to fill the vacancies created by the deaths of Henry S. Deadrich
and Howard Hoover. Appointments to be effective as of this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE ERECTION, 

CONSTRUCTION, ENLARGEMENT, ALTERATION, REPAIR, MOVING, REMOVAL,
CONVERSION, DEMOLITION, OCCUPANCY, EQUIPMENT, USE, HEIGHT, AREA,

AND MAINTENANCE OF BUILDINGS OR STRUCTURES IN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, NEVADA; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS AND 

COLLECTION OF FEES THEREFOR; DECLARING AND ESTABLISHING FIRE DISTRICTS;
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF, AND REPEALING
ORDINANCES NUMBERS 130, 166, 188, 284, 285 AND ALL ORDINANCES
AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," was read to the
board for the second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the foregoing
ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote; Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS

BLOCK 18-BUCKS ADDN.
ALLEY VACATION

ZONE VARIANCE - Church
of Latter Day Saints

SOUTH 5TH STREET
ADDITION -
Tentative Map

STOREKEEPER - salary

BONANZA ROAD - Extension

T. E. FENNESSY
Acting City Manager

CEMETERY BOARD

Appointments

ORDINANCE #303

2nd Reading
ORDINANCE #304

2nd Reading

An ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CREATING AND ESTABLISHING FIRE ZONES," was read to. the Board for
a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the foregoing
ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until
Tuesday, August 28, 1945 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 28, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held
this 28th day of August, 1945. Meeting was called to order by His Honor,
Mayor E.W. Cragin with the following members present:	Commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall;
Acting City Manager, T.E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the meeting of August
22nd be approved by reference with the exception of the motion made
by Commissioner Bates regarding right of way for the State Highway
Department, said motion to be rescinded. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Clark, and Corradetti, and Mayor Cragin voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Acting City Manager be instructed
to notify the State Highway Department that the City is willing to
deed to them the plot of land on Highway 91 approximately 30 feet on
the highway by 98 feet deep, south of the Red Rooster and adjacent
thereto; to be offered by the highway department to Grace Hayes in
lieu of right of way for highway purposes. Also the City is willing
to deed a twenty-two (22) foot strip along the west side of Highway
91, owned by the City in that vicinity, and required by the State for
right-of-way in connection with the widening of Highway 91, and the
installation by the State of curbs and sidewalks. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT
OF THE BUREAU OF FIRE PREVENTION; PROVIDING OFFICERS THEREFORE; AND
DEFINING THEIR POWERS AND DUTIES; AND PRESCRIBING REGULATION FOR FIRE
PREVENTION AND LIFE SAFETY IN CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS MATERIAL AND
PROCESSES" was read to the Board by title. Thereafter, Mayor Cragin
appointed Commissioners Bates and Clark as a committee to make a
recommendation of said proposed Ordinance at the next regular meeting.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION WITH THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT, THE FINGER AND THUMB AND 

PHOTOGRAPHING OF EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING HOUSES, TAXI DRIVERS, AND EMPLOYEES
OF ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE SOLD AT RETAIL ON THE
PREMISES; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE;
AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH
HIS ORDINANCE," was read by title to the Board. Thereafter, His Honor
appointed Commissioners Baskin, Bates and Clark to report on said 

proposed ordinance at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Clark moved that the salary of the radio technician be
raised from $200.00 to $250.00 per month commencing September 1st,

1945, for full time services.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Raskin,Bates, Clark, and Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Acting City Manager be authorized
to subscribe for one column, two )2) inches square, for advertising
purposes in the Alumnus Magazine of the University of Nevada, said
cost being Fifty ($50.00) dollars.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following

RIGHT-OF-WAY - State
Highway Department

FIRE PREVENTION
ORDINANCE

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

#305	-

RADIO TECHNICIAN
Salary -

ADVERTISING -
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his Vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Acting City Manager be authorized to
make application to the State Board of Finance to borrow $50,000.00
from unappropriated and unused city funds for transfer to other 

departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;
Commissioner Clark Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that T.E. Fennessy be appointed Acting City
Manager to and including September 7, 1945. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and Carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Baskin, Bates, Clark and Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting be adjourned until
September 7th at the Hour of 10:00 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

APPOINTMENT OF ACTING
CITY MANAGER -

EMERGENCY LOAN -

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
7th day of September, 1945. Meeting called to order at the hour
of 2 p.m. by His Honor, Mayor E.W. Cragin, with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti; City Attorney,

C. Norman Cornwall; Acting City Manager, T.E. Fennessy; and City
Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of August 28, 1945 be
approved by reference, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claim Nos. 526-537 inclusive
in the net sum of $17,312.09 be approved and the mayor and city clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrant Nos.

538-612 inclusive in the sum of $16,263.18 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the claim of Luther Honrner for
$50.00 and B. J. Handlon for $85.00, covering expenses to Reno while
attending Fingerprinting School, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
negotiate and agreement with Mr. Strong for the right-of-way on
Shadow Lane and present said agreement to the Board for approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved the petition of Mary E. Dutton for 

permission to correct the distances and dimensions shown upon the amended
plat of Vegas Verdi Addition No. 2 be referred to the Planning 

Commission for recommendation.

VEGAS VERDI ADEN. No.2
Petition -

SHADOW LANE - Right-of-Way

CLAIM - Luther Horner

& B.J. Handlon -

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS -

PAYROLL CLAIMS -
Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to 

submit the matter of purchase and/or rental of the Sewage System to
Congressman Berkley L. Bunker.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the agreement 

between the Nevada Outdoor Advertising Company and the City of Las
Vegas covering the construction and installation of the Neon sign
on the Las Vegas Airport building in accordance with description
contained therein on the following terms:

Thirty-six months, at $43.00 per month with an option to renew
said lease for a period of twenty-four months at $22.00 per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the resignation of L.L. 

Crosthwait from the Biice Department be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendation of the Acting
City Manager that Jack Hynds, Plumbing Inspector be discharged for
cause, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following committee composed of
Archie Grant, C.G. Petrie, T.E. Fennessy, and the Board of City
Commissioners be appointed to meet with the Chamber of Commerce at
the same time the County Commissioners do to discuss the matter of
the disposition of Kelso Turner Tract with a representative of the
Regional Office of Federal Housing Authority. The City Clerk to
contract Ira Earl and the Chamber of Commerce to ascertain the time
and place of said meeting and so notify the committee.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner s Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye: noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City purchase certain O.C.C. 

equipment for a net cost of approximately $600.00 heretofore loaned to the
City by the Office of Civilian Defense.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Ba tes, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their 

consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the 

securing of funds to meet the obligation placed upon the City of Las Vegas,
by the changes in the Las Vegas City Charter approved by the State 

Legislature, March 7, 1945, and,

WHEREAS, certain obligations have been incurred in connection with
sidewalk demands, fire department, planning commission, and preliminary
work on assessment districts. Funds for which were not provided in the
regular budget and for which reimbursement cannot be obtained with the
Budget Year, and,

WHEREAS, unforeseen expenses In connection with the 1945 election, the
policing of the City, and the feeding of prisoners and the repairing of city
owned equipment, costs of which could not be properly determined at the time
the current budget was prepared, and,

WHEREAS, the only means possible to meet these obligations and 

expenditures is through the securing of an emergency loan, funds for which are
available in the unappropriated surplus account of the general fund of the
City of Las Vegas,

THEREFOR, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners that the City
do borrow a sum of Forty-two Thousand ($42,000.00) Dollars from the 

unappropriated surplus monies in the General Fund now available or as they become
available during the balance of the 1945 Budget Year,

SEWAGE SYSTEM - Purchase
and/or Rental -

LAS VEGAS AIRPORT
SIGN --

POLICE DEPARTMENT - L.L.

Crosthwait Resignation

PLUMBING INSPECTOR

Discharged -

KELSO TURNER TRACT —
Disposition thereof

FIRE DEPARTMENT — O.C.C.
EQUIPMENT -

EMERGENCY LOAN RESOLUTION
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk execute and deliver the
necessary certified copy of this Resolution to the State Board of Finance.

* * * *

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution
be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye: noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that T.E. Fennessy be appointed a member of
the Cemetery Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting

aye: noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

At this time the report of the Building Inspector for the month of
August was presented to the Board and thereafter ordered filed by
His Honor, Mayor E.W. Cragin.

At this time the committee composed of Commissioners Bates, and Clark,
heretofore appointed to make a recommendation on the proposed ordinance
entitled, "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUREAU OF
FIRE PREVENTION: PROVIDING OFFICERS THEREFOR AND DEFINING THEIR POWERS
AND DUTIES AND PRESCRIBING REGULATION FOR FIRE PREVENTION AND LIFE
SAFETY IN CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND PROCESSES," reported
favorably and recommended that the ordinance be enacted.

Thereafter the following resolution was presented to the Board for
their consideration.

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be directed
to cause to have filed in the City Clerk's Office in the City of Las Vegas, three
copies of said Fire Prevention Ordinance to-wit:	Fire Prevention Ordinance, Edition

of 1943; published by the Nation Board of Fire Underwriters.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk cause to be published in the Las
Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, a notice of said filing of said Fire Prevention
Ordinance for a period of one week. That is to say, each day for a period of one
week, which notice shall be in the form to-wit:

"Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, intend by ordinance duly passed to
adopt said Fire Prevention Ordinance at its next regular
meeting on the 22nd day of September, 1945."

"Notice is hereby further given that It is the intention of
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to
enact an ordinance adopting such Fire Prevention Ordinance
by Reference."

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution be
adopted and approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor, Mayor

Cragin voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO SAFEGUARD LIFE AND PROPERTY
BY REGULATING AND PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION OF ELECTRIC WIRING,
DEVICES, APPLIANCES AND EQUIPMENT; CREATING THE OFFICE OF CITY
ELECTRICIAN AND PRESCRIBING HIS AUTHORITY AND DUTIES REQUIRING THAT
NO ELECTRIC WIRING DEVICES, APPLIANCES OR EQUIPMENT SHALL BE INSTALLED
WITHOUT FIRST SECURING A PERMIT THEREFOR; CREATING A BOARD OF 

ELECTRICAL EXAMINERS; PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF PERSONS, FIRMS, AND
CORPORATION ENGAGING IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING OR
EMPLOYING ELECTRICIANS TO OBTAIN ELECTRICAL WORK; MAKING IT UNLAWFUL TO
ENGAGE IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING OR TO UNDERTAKE THE
EXECUTION OF ELECTRICAL WORK WITHOUT A LICENSE EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE
PROVIDED; MAKING IT UNLAWFUL TO SELL A RETAIL CERTAIN ELECTRICAL
PRODUCTS UNLESS SUCH PRODUCTS HAVE BEEN APPROVED BY THE CITY 

ELECTRICIAN, AND NATIONAL BOARD OF UNDERWRITERS, PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR
THE VIOLATION THEREOF AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," was read to the Board by title
and referred to Commissioners Bates and Baskin for report at the
next regular meeting.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their
consideration:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be directed

ELECTRICAL CODE -



CEMETERY BOARD -

BUILDING INSPECTOR'S
REPORT -

FIRE PREVENTION ORDINANCE
to cause to have filed in the City Clerk's Office in the City of Las
Vegas three (3) copies of said code to-wit:

Specialized Electrical Code, 1945 Edition, Published
September 6, 1945 by the Las Vegas Electrical Board,
intended form for use and examination by the public,
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said City Clerk cause to be published
in the Las Vegas Morning Tribune, a daily newspaper printed and published
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, a notice of such filing of said
specialized Electrical Code, for a period of one week, that is to say, each
day for a period of one week. Notice shall be in the following form, to-wit:

Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas intend, by ordinance duly passed
to adopt said Specialized Electrical Code at its next regular
meeting on the 22nd day of September, 1945. Notice is hereby
further given that it is the intention of the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to enact an 

ordinance adopting such Specialized Electrical Code by 

reference.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing
resolution be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and approved by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting

aye, noes; none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioners Baskin, Bates, and Clark, having reported favorably
on the proposed Ordinance No. 305, said ordinance entitled,

"AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING REGISTRATION WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE FINGERPRINTING, THUMBPRINTING AND PHOTO
GRAPHING OF ALL EMPLOYEES OF GAMBLING HOUSES, TAXI DRIVERS, AND
EMPLOYEES OF ESTABLISHMENTS WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE SOLD AT
RETAIL ON THE PREMISES: AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF
THIS ORDINANCE AND APPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT HEREWITH," was read to the Board for the first time.

Commissioner Bates moved the adoption of said ordinance No. 305
on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and his Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of the Pioneer
Club, 25 Fremont Street, for one crap game be approved for the
third quarter of the year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioner Baskin , Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

The following ordinance was read by title, to-wit:	"AN ORDINANCE TO

AMEND AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE PROTECTION OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH
AND EXAMINATION, REGISTRATION, AND LICENSING AND BONDING OF PERSONS
ENGAGED IN THE BUSINESS OF PLUMBING OR LABORING IN THE TRADE OF 

PLUMBING; REQUIRING A PERMIT FOR THE INSTALLATION OR ALTERATION OF PLUMBING
AND DRAINING SYSTEMS; CREATING THE OFFICE OF PLUMBING INSPECTOR AND A
BOARD OF PLUMBER EXAMINERS AND DESCRIBING THEIR DUTIES, DEFINING 

CERTAIN TERMS, ESTABLISHING MINIMUM REGULATIONS FOR THE INSTALLATION,
ALTERATION, OR REPAIR OF PLUMBING AND DRAINING SYSTEMS, AND THE 

INSPECTION THEREOF; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ITS VIOLATION AND REPEALING
CONFLICTING ORDINANCES", was read to the Board and referred to
Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti for report at the next regular
meeting.

Thereafter the following resolution was presented to the Board for
Their consideration:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be directed
to cause to have filed in the City Clerk's Office in the City of Las Vegas, three
(3) copies of the Standard Plumbing Code as amended, to-wit:

Standard Plumbing Code, draft sponsored by the Pacific Coast
Plumbing Inspector's Association.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said City Clerk cause to be published in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper, published and printed in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, a notice of said filing of said
Standard Plumbing Code, as amended, for a period of one week; that is to say,
each day for a period of one week. Which notice shall be in the following form,
to-wit:

Notice is hereby given that the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, intend by ordinance duly passed
to adopt the Standard Plumbing Code as amended, at the
next regular meeting held on the 22nd day of September, 1945.

PIONEER CLUB - Gaming
Application -

PLUMBING CODE - As Amended

ORDINANCE NO. 305
Fingerprinting
Notice is hereby further given that it is the intention
of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas to enact an ordinance adopting such Standard 

plumbing Code as amended, by reference.

Commissioner Baskin moved the adoption and approval of
the foregoing resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that George Thompson be appointed Chief
of Police as of this date to and including the 31st day of
December 1945, at a salary of $300.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Harold Laird be appointed Comptroller
as of this date, to and including December 31, 1945, at a salary of
$300.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that T. E. Fennessy be appointed City
Manager from this date to and including December 31, 1945, at a
salary of $600.00 a month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Basking, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn to September
22, at the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye, noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 22nd day of September, 1945. Meeting called to order at
the hour of 10 a.m. by His Honor Mayor E.W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti; City Manager, T.E. Fennessy, City Attorney, C. Norman
Cornwall; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that certain motion approving the resolution
relative to the Emergency Loan made on September 7, 1945, be rescinded
and that said minutes be approved as corrected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark,Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the matter of amending the Standard Plumbing code was
discussed and the following persons voiced their objections to
said amendment:	Mr. Forgeron, R. L. Ruppert, Bob Elser, L. J. Swan,

Byron Snider, Mr. Provenzano, Ralph Alsop, and Mrs. Provenzano, as
a citizen.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be ordered to publish
a notice of intention to a ct on resolution authorizing emergency loan,
for two publications a t least on week apart in a local newspaper. And
that said resolution be acted upon the 8th day of October, 1945 at the
hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the agreement with Roland Wilson for
rental of his motorcycle be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN - Approved
of September 7th minutes

STANDARD PLUMBING CODE
Amendment -

EMERGENCY LOAN
AGREEMENT

Roland V. Wilson

CHIEF OF POLICE

Appointment - -
COMPTROLLER APPOINTMENT
CITY MANAGER APPOINTMENT
RESOLUTION - 40 & 8 The following resolution was presented to the Board for their

consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it appears that at least two deceased Veterans have been
buried in Potter's Field in the Woodlawn Cemetery at Las Vegas,and it is
desirable that a plot of ground of at least twenty-five graves be set
aside for the burial of Destitute Veterans.

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that this voucher request the City Council
of Las Vegas that such a plot, consisting of a space of at least twenty-
five graves be set aside for the burial of destitute veterans, and
that the City make provision for moving the two veterans already buried,
to such plot. That the voucher recommends to Las Vegas Post No. 8,

American Legion, that it take like action thereto.

/s/ CLARK COUNTY VOUCHER 506

Jim Young	)

George Griffith)Committee
C. L. Flemming )

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be
referred to the Cemetery Board for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Nevada Biltmore
Hotel for a Cocktail Lounge license for the third quarter be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 543 to 552 

inclusive in the net sum of $14,534.08, be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service Material warrants Nos. 525,
553-555 inclusive in the sum of $5,824.06 be approved and the Mayor
City Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

At this time bids from the following firms for the furnishing and
installation of 2,010 square feet of sidewalk along the east side
of the War Memorial Building on Fifth Street received and opened:

E. H. Thomas	$562.75

Fred Callihan	603.00

Stock’s Mill and	 Supply	322.60

Paul Wagner	899.00

Thereafter said bids	were	referred to the Comptroller for tabulation.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be directed to bring
suit against the Union Pacific Railroad in the sum of $367.20 covering
the cost of repairing a sewer line which was broken by them, located
a cross the Las Vegas Creek, between Biltmore Addition No. 1 and
Biltmore Addition No. 2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a letter was read from Ted Werner requesting lease of
one acre of City land adjacent to the runways at the Municipal
Airport, with access thereto, for the purpose of constructing a
storage hanger and to provide for service and maintenance facilities
for use of private flyers. The City Manager was directed to notify
Mr. Werner that the Airport was under the jurisdiction of the
United States Government.

At this time the report of the Police Department for the month of
August was read and ordered filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Purchasing Agent be directed to secure
Bids for a pick-up truck for the Golf Course.

NEVADA BILTMORE HOTEL
Liquor Application -



PAYROLL CLAIMS -

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS -

BIDS - Sidewalks

CLAIMS - Larkin Plumbing
& Heating Co.

APPLICATION -

Ted Werner

POLICE REPORT

PICK-UP TRUCK -
Bids let
Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to take
a trip to Reno to attend a Surplus Property Meeting to be held
September 25, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their
consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there has been filed with the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas
Nevada , a petition by Mary E. Dutton, owner of lots 1, 2, 3, 38, 39 and 40 in
Block 5 of Amended Plat of Book 2 of Plats, Page 59, Clark County, Nevada Records,
for a correction of the dimensions of said lots as shown upon said plat, attached
to said petition being a plat showing the correct dimensions of the said lots, and

WHEREAS, the said corrected plat of said lots has been checked by the office
of the City Engineer and found to be substantially correct,

NOW THEREFORE, in accordance with the provisions of Section 1350 of the
Nevada Compiled Laws, as Amended, it is hereby ordered that the dimensions of the
said lots 1, 2, 3, 38, 39, and 40 in Block 5 as shown on said amended Plat of
Vegas Verde Addition No. 2, be corrected to read as indicated upon the said
corrected plat a s filed with the Board of City Commissioners, and that a 

certified copy of this resolution with a copy of said corrected plat attached, be
recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and that
said corrected dimensions be endorsed upon said Amended Plat of Vegas Verde
Addition No. 2/

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be
approved provided the owner prepares a plan in ink on drawing
cloth, satisfactory to the Recorder's Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved the approval of Change Order No. 3 in the
sum of $685.80 in accordance with the statement from the Pioneer
Construction company dated September 12, 1945 and also the Final
Change Order on construction of the Fire Station; and the Mayor
be authorized to sign same. Further that the time for completion of
said station be extended to September 20, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter the following resolution was presented to the Board for
their consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas under the project 26-130-N, Construction
of Fire Station and Equipment, entered into a contract known as No. 1 with the
Pioneer Construction Company for the construction of two Fire Stations, said
contract authorized by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at
their recessed meeting held December 11, 1944.

WHEREAS, the work on these Fire Stations have now been completed in
accordance with the plans and specifications and approved change orders thereto,

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas does hereby accept the Fire
Stations as being completed ana in conformity with the plans and specifications
and approved change orders, thereto, as of the date of final completion; ie.,

September 20, 1945.

Commissioner Clark moved the resolution be approved and the Mayor
and the City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their 

consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has entered into several contracts for the furnishing
of equipment in connection with Project 26-130-N, and,

WHEREAS, the equipment has been received on the following contracts:

SURPLUS PROPERTY
Meeting -

VEGAS VERDI ADDITION NO.2
Plat Amendment -

FIRE STATION - Change Order
No. 3 & Final Change Order
Approved -
ACCEPTANCE DATE

Contract No.	6	G. Davis Company	$410.00	9-10-45

Contract No.	8	F. F. & W.W. Hirsch Co.	25.00	8-16-45

Contract No.	9	General Pacific Corp.	45.00	9-19-45

Commissioner Clark moved the foregoing resolution be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the City Manager
that the Janitor's salary be raised from $185.00 to $215.00 per month
be approved, effective as of October 1, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting ayes; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Purchasing Agent be directed to
purchase that certain tract of land described as "The Plaza",
located in the Meadow's Addition of the City of Las Vegas in Clark
County, Nevada, shown by Official Plat thereof, on file in the Office of
County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada and belonging to Clark County
for the sum of $58.66.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve Mr. A.F. Smith, Sr's
work on the City Ordinances and direct him to proceed with the work
as provided by Section 20, Paragraph 2, Page 11 of the City Charter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

At this time bids were read from the following persons for removal of
eighteen trees and three stumps at the north end of the Cemetery, as
follows:

R. Miller	231 North	1st	$680.00

W.M. Davidson	920 North	5th	770.00

Thomas McKetrik	North Las	Vegas	799.00

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed to 

negotiate a contract with Mr. Miller who was the low bidder for the 

removal of the eighteen trees and three stumps at the north end of the
cemetery.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the City Manager
that George F. Maxwell be appointed as Sexton at the Cemetery at a
salary of $200.00 per month on a permanent basis.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a first petition addressed to the Board of Commissioners and
signed by property owners in the South Meadows Addition, requesting that
the zoning ordinances be changed regarding their district from Zone
No. 5 to Zone No. 3, was read to the Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the said petition be referred
to the Planning Commissioner for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye: noes, none.

At this time the committee composed of Commissioners Bates, Clark
heretofore appointed to report on the Fire Prevention Ordinance
submitted their report favorably and recommended the adoption of
said ordinance.

Thereafter an ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE
ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUREAU OF FIRE PREVENTION, PROVIDING OFFICERS 

THEREFORE AND DEFINING THEIR POWERS OF DUTY: AND PRESCRIBING REGULATIONS
FOR FIRE PREVENTION AND LIFE SAFETY IN CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS
MATERIALS AND PROCESSES: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ITS VIOLATION AND
REPEALING ORDINANCE OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,"
was read to the Board for the first time.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the foregoing ordinance be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioner Buskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
Voting ayes; noes, none.



JANITOR SALARY
THE PLAZA — Meadows Addn.



ORDINANCE -- Compilation

Thereof -

CEMETERY -- Removal of
Trees

GEORGE F. MAXWELL -
Appointed Sexton



SO. MEADOWS IMPROVEMENT
ASSOCIATION --
Petition



FIRE PREVENTION CODE
At this time an Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING 

REGISTRATION WITH THE CITY OF LA VEGAS POLICE DEPARTMENT AND THE
FINGERPRINTING, THUMBPRINTING AND PHOTOGRAPHING OF ALL EMPLOYEES
OF GAMBLING HOUSES, TAXI DRIVERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF ESTABLISHMENTS
WHERE ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES ARE SOLD AT RETAIL ON THE PREMISES AND
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR A VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE, AND 

REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCE IN CONFLICT HEREWITH,"
was read for the second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Corradetti moved that said ordinance be
approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting ayes; noes, none.

At this time a committee composed of Commissioners Baskin and Bates
reported favorably on the proposed Ordinance #306 and recommended its
adoption.

Thereafter an ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE TO SAFEGUARD LIFE
AND PROPERTY BY REGULATING AND PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION OF
ELECTRICAL WIRING, DEVISES, APPLIANCES AND EQUIPMENT: CREATING THE
OFFICE OF CITY ELECTRICIAN AND PRESCRIBING IIS AUTHORITY AND DUTIES:
REQUIRING THAT NOT ELECTRIC WIRING DEVICES, APPLIANCES OR EQUIPMENT
SHALL BE INSTALLED WITHOUT FIRST SECURING A PERMIT THEREFOR: CREATING
A BOARD OF ELECTRICAL EXAMINERS: PROVIDING FOR THE LICENSING OF
PERSONS, FIRMS AND CORPORATIONS ENGAGING IN THE BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL
CONTRACTING OR EMPLOYING ELECTRICIANS TO OBTAIN ELECTRICAL WORK
WITHOUT A LICENSE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED: MAKING IT UNLAWFUL
TO SELL AT RETAIL CERTAIN ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS UNLESS SUCH PRODUCTS
HAVE BEEN APPROVED BY THE CITY ELECTRICIAN, AND NATIONAL BOARD OF
UNDERWRITERS, PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF AND
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,"
was read to the Board for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that said ordinance be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a committee composed of Commissioners Baskin and

Corradetti reported favorably on proposed ordinance No. 307 and recommended

its adoption.

Thereafter an ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE AMEND, REVISE, RE-ENACT
SECTION 1 OF ORDINANCE NO. 292 of the CITY OF LAS VEGAS AS AMENDED AND
TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH",
was read to the Board for the first time.

Afterwich Commissioner Baskin moved that said Ordinance be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, and Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Ba tes passed his vote.

The City Clark was directed to post notice that it is the intention
of the Board of City Commissioners to close the portion of the old
Los Angeles Highway existing between south 5th street on the north and
the City Limits on the south and to reline same in accordance with the
plan on file in the office of the City engineer of the City of Las
Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until
September 28, 1945 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 28, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 28th day of September, 1945. Meeting called to order at
the hour of 2:30 p.m. by His Honor Mayor Pro Tem C.R. Clark with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti:

City Manager, T.E. Fennessy; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
C. Norman Cornwall and Mayor E.W. Cragin.

ORDINANCE #305

PROPOSED ORDINANCE NO.306
Electrical Ordinance

PROPOSED ORDINANCE NO.307
Plumbing

SUB DIVISION - So. 5th
Street Vacation
RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Murray Wollman et. al. Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was

adopted, and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 28th day of September, 1945 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated the
12th day of September, 1945, executed by Murray Wollman, Agnes Wollman, Nate Mack and
Jennie Mack to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the
real property described therein, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and 

intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed
and that same be recorded in the Office of County Recorder, County of Clark, State of
Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.



WORK WEEK APPROVED	Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the City

manager that the City establish a forty hour week; that is to
say 8 hours a day for two days a week; effective as of October 1,
1945; and that all employees be subject to emergency work, and
paid time and a half for over time or given a corresponding
amount of time off.

SALARY SCALE FOR LABORERS, MECHANICS, AND TRADESMEN IN
THE EMPLOY OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, EFFECTIVE OCTOBER

FIRST, 1945.

Per Month	Present hourly	Revised hourly

rate (48 hours)	Rate (40 hours)

$150.00	.72	.865

175.00	.84	1.00

185.00	.89	1.07

190.00	.91	1.10

200.00	.96	1.15

210.00	1.01	1.21

225.00	1.08	1.30

240.00	1.15	1.38

250.00	1.20	1.44

285.00	1.37	1.50

312.00	1.50	1.625

Employees in this group will be paid strictly on the basis
of the hours worked at the rate shown above.

Work is to be restricted to 40 hours per week except in
cases of extreme emergency.

All work performed in excess of 40 hours per week is to be
paid for on the basis of time and one-half for actual hours
worked.

Employees in this group will be paid for a maximum of six
holidays during a calendar year. Said holidays must be
chosen from the following list In order to determine the
six holidays that will be paid for which fall on a regular
work day.

Columbus Day	Admission Day

Armistice Day	Lincoln's Birthday

*Thanksgiving Day	*Decoration Day

*Christmas Day	*Fourth of July

*New Year's Day	*Labor Day

Washington’s Birthday	

Vacations will be granted to persons in the group on the
following basis.

First two years of employment. No Vacation.

During third, fourth and fifth years, one week's vacation
with pay.

Thereafter employees having completed five full years of
employment will be granted two weeks vacation with pay.

Holidays falling on Saturday or Sunday will not be paid for
unless worked. If a person works on these days time will
be paid for at one and one-half times the hourly rate for
the actual hours worked. Said work will be of an emergency
nature and must have prior approval of the City Manager.

/s/ T.E. Fennessy
City Manager

*Holidays for which overtime will be paid hourly workers.
Applicant	Name of Concern	Address	Devise-

Sid Martin	Overland Bar	Overland Hotel Bldg.    4 slots

L.R. Schway	Boulder Liquor Store	423 Fremont	4 slots

Frank Wilson	El Morrocco	E and Jackson	3 slots

2 poker

1	crap

C.M. Travis	Las Vegas Liquor	Store	812 Fremont	1 slot

J. K. Houssells	Las Vegas Tavern	19 Fremont	7 slots

J. K. Housells	Las Vegas Club	23 Fremont	29 slots

2	craps
4 "21"

2 Wheel

1 Horse Race

1	Tango-100 chairs

2	poker
1 pan

1 Bridge

1	Faro

Jimmie Fulcher	Gilbert Brothers	314 Bonanza	4	slots.

Edward Tip Rowe	Tip’s Cafe	1416 So. 5th	2	slots.

John Stathis	Busy Bee Cafe	105 North 1st	2	slots

Cleo B. McDonald	New Overland Cafe	6 Fremont	4	slots

Reuben Specktor	Food Center	770 Fremont	5	slots

Jodie Cannon	Cotton Club	500 Jackson	6	slots

1 "21"

2	poker

1 Race horse Keno
1 Crap

George Knipp	Tire Shop	1711 Fremont	1	slot

R.D. Bingham	Modern Food Shop	315 Fremont	2	slots

Jack Weisberger	John’s Desert Inn	1510 So.5th	2	slots

Bert O'Donnell	Rancho Grande Crmy.	406 So. 2nd	1	slot

Louis Mack	Esquire Bar	120 So. 2nd	4	slots

George Parry	Christie Steak	House	122 So. 1st	4	slots

Doc Ladd	Doc's Cafe	1200 So. Main	2	slots

LIQUOR APPLICATION
John De Lucca

PRIME MEATS PROVISION
SUPER MARKET -

MONTE CARLO

BLOCK 18 -- Buck’s Sub-
Division — Alley Vaca.

TAXI STAND - Vegas
Transit -

GAMING APPLICATIONS --
Renewals

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved the application of John De Lucca of
the DeLucca Importing Company, 723 North Main Street, he granted
a license to operate a Wholesale Liquor Business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Corradetti moved the application of Jack Wollenzine
of Prime Meats Provision -- Super Market, formerly the B & B Super
Market, be granted a package liquor License for the 4th quarter of
1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor Mayor

Pro tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Mervyn E. Rosenthal
of the Monte Carlo, 16 Fremont, be granted a Tavern Liquor License
for the 4th quarter of 1945.

Motion seconded By Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

This being the time heretofore set for hearing of petition for 

vacation of a certain alley running north and south between Mesquite and
Ninth streets in Block 18 of Buck’s Sub-division of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada and no protesting parties having appeared, Commissioner
Bates moved that said alley be and the same is hereby ordered vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Vegas Transit Company be given the
location for a taxi stand as requested, by the Pioneer Club on the
Westside of South First Street, between Fremont and Carson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates and His Honor Pro Tem Mayor Clark

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following renewals of gaming
application be approved for the 4th quarter or 1945.
Applicant	Name of Concern	Address	Device

Orpha Sill Miller	Wimpy's Cafe	210	Fremont	3 slots

Orpha Sill Miller	Sill's Drive	Inn	5th	and Charleston	4 slots

Joe Morgan	Silver Club	108	No. 1st	2 slots

George Parry	Playland	129	So. 1st	50 slots

Robert Kroloff	Ace Bar	111	So. 1st	16 slots

M.B. Abrams	Fremont Arcade	105	Fremont	35 slots

M.B. Abrams	Slot Machine	101	Fremont	34 Slots

Joe Morgan	Golden Camel Bar	110 North 1st	4 slots

Joe Morgan	Silver Cafe	106	No. 1st	4 slots

Clifford Griggs	Log Cabin Bar	122	No. 1st	3 slots

Joe Cornet	Cornet's 5 &	10	205	Fremont	3 slots

Charles Addison	Pioneer Cocktail Lounge	25 Fremont	7 slots

Charles Addison	Pioneer Club	25 Fremont	38 slots

2 pan

5	poker

1	Race Horse Keno

6	"21"

2	Roulette

3	Craps

S. J. Gordon	Mike's Liquor Store	106 Fremont	4 slots

Mark Schulman	Mark's Food Company	1500 Fremont	6 slots

Josie Dondich	Cut Rate Liquor Store	123 South 5th	2 slots

M. T. Shorie	Frontier Club	117 Fremont	38 slots

	3 crap

3	"21"

1 Pan
5 Poker

1 Race Horse Keno
1 Hopper Keno
1 Race Horse Book

John Anton	John's Desert Inn	1503 So. 5th	1 slot

A.R. Stowell	Charleston Grocery	19 W. Charleston	3 slots

M. T. Shorie	Golden Nuggett	125 Fremont	1 poker

1	craps

Joe Morgan	Silver Club	108 No. 1st	2 "21"

2	Craps
1 Roulette

Walter Argyle	Foreign Club	111 No. 1st	2 slots

A. H. Stevenson, Jr. Boulder Club, Inc.	122 Fremont	4 slots

W.E. Greene	Mandaly Bar	111 Fremont	10 slots

Ethel Rappaport	Ethel's Liquor Store	409 Fremont	1 slot

Ethel Rappaport	Ethel's Liquor Store	28 Fremont	1 slot

Earl Turman	Earl's Liquor Store	501 Jackson	3 slots

M.T. Shorie	Rex Club	128 Fremont	23 Slots

1	crap

3	"21"

2	Roulette
2 poker

1	Race Horse Keno

A. H. Stevenson, Jr. Boulder Club, Inc.	118-20 Fremont	33 Slots

2	Poker

1	Tango - 100 Chairs

2	roulette
2 craps
1 Faro
1 Big "6" Wheel
5 "21"

1 Race Horse Book

Earl Turman	Earl's Place	501 Jackson	2 Poker

1	Crap

M.B. Hicks	Club Savoy	116 Fremont	7 slots

2	"21"

1 crap
1 Roulette

Earl E. Wilson	Pony Express	123 So. 1st	7 slots

G.E. Kinsey	Nevada Biltmore Hotel 	600 No. Main	9 slots

1	crap

2	"21"

1	Roulette

L. L. Snyder	Snyder's Grocery	300 Bonanza	4 slots

Ted Konduris	S.W. Liquor Store	101 Carson	3 slots

Sid Martin	Sal Sagev Tavern	1 Fremont	8 slots

John Miller	Sal Sagev Hotel	Main and Fremont	3	slots

John Miller	Sal Sagev Cafe	Main and Fremont	2	slots

R. R. Russell	Apache Hotel	3rd and Fremont	3 slots

Pat Rozzele	Smith's Hamburger	324½ Fremont	5	slots

Pat Rozzele	Orange Julius Co.	405 Fremont	5	slots

Pat Rozzele	Stephen's Market	729 So. 5th	3	slots

Boysie Ensley	Oklahoma Cafe	220 North 1st	3 slots

Mervyn Rosenthal	Monte Carlo (New Owner)	15 Fremont	18 slots

2	craps
2 "21"

2 Roulette
1 Hazard

Madeline N. Love	Love Cafe		127 So. 2nd St.	3 slots

Harry Farnow	Boulder Drug Co.				   121 E. Fremont	7 slots

P.O. Silvagni	Apache Bar	2nd and Fremont	10 slots
Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting ayes; noes, none. Absent; Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of R. A. Rives,

Pioneer Liquor Company, 911 So. Main Street for a wholesale beverage
license and importer's license be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor
Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of John Anton at
John's Desert Inn, 1503 South 5th Street for a package Liquor
license be allowed.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Moe Taub at the
Deluxe Liquor Store, 449 North Main Street for a package liquor
be granted.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Houssels and
Salmon for a package liquor license at the Overland Liquor Store,

#6 Fremont Street Be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Protem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of R.R. Stowell of the
Charleston Liquor Store, 19 W. Charleston for a package liquor 

license be allowed.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of J. K. Houssels
and Ed Pizinger for a package liquor license at 508 Fremont Street
be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem

Clark voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Emory E. Kaltenborn
for a package liquor license at 323 Fremont Street be granted and
be delivered to him at the time he is discharged from the armed
services and ready to open up his business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Genes Kennell
fo a package liquor license at the Fourth Street Liquor Store, 127
North 4th be granted.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Cy Adams for a
retail beverage license at Tommy's, 407 Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin

Commissioner Bates moved that no new applications for liquor 

license be considered by the Board until the latter part of December,
when applications are presented for 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor
pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time
Commissioner Bates, moved that this meeting adjourn until October
5th at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS -
New — Pioneer Liquor Co.

JOHN ANTON - Package
Application

MOE TAUB—Package
 Application

HOUSSELS & SALMON —
Package Application

R.R. STOWELL — Package
Application

 HOUSSELS & PIZINGER -
Liquor Application

EMORY EL KALTENBORN



AGNES KENNELL —

Package Application

CY ADAMS — Beer Applica-
tion
Las Vegas, Nevada
October 5, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 5th day of October, 1945. Meeting called to order
by His Honor Mayor E.W. Cragin at the hour of 2:30 p.m. with
the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

Corradetti; City Manager T.E. Fennessy; City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of September 22,

1945 be approved with the exception of the motion re: Vega
Verde Addition, to be corrected to read, "That the owner be
required to file plat in Recorder's office, satisfactory to the
Recorder."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll claims No. 557-to-566
inclusive and 569 in the net sum of $16,939.68 be approved
and the Mayor, City Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark mo ed that Service and Material Warrants Nos.
566, 567, 568, 570 and 571 in the sum of $8,250.80 be approved
and the Mayor, City Clerk, and Comptroller authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Spic 'N Span, formerly located
at 129 Fremont be allowed to transfer their beer license to their
new location at 124½ North 1st Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that Blaine Johnson be allowed to transfer
his beer license from his old location at 630 Fifth street to his
new store, Standard Grocery, 602 So. 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following renewals of gaming
licenses be granted for the 4th Quarter of 1945.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL

CLAIMS

SPIC 'N SPAN — Beer
License

BLAINE JOHNSON GROCERY
Beer License

GAMING LICENSE -
Renewals

BUSINESS	APPLICANT	ADDRESS	DEVICE

Adams' Grocery	Lee Hughes	120 No. 9th	1 slot

Apache Bar	T.	I.	Mason	126	Fremont	1	slot

B.& B. Market	L.	P.	Lawrence	820	So. 5th	4	slots

B and H Grocery	Sam Lafer	402 Bonanza	2	slots

Ball Grocery	Lee Hughes	404 So. 2nd	2	slots

Belverdere Gardens	Lee Hughes	H and Harrison	1	slot

Betty's Cafe	Leonard Grossman	1029 So. Main	3	slots

Black Cat Cafe	Lee Hughes	418 Madison	2	slots

Brown Derby Cafe & Bar 	P. L.	Jefferson	320	Monroe	4	slots

Cinnabar	L.	P.	Lawrence	103	So. 1st	4	slots

City Drug	F.	M.	Bollig	231	Fremont	5	slots

Cotton Club	Lee Hughes	E and Jackson	1	slot

Dew Drop Inn	Lee Hughes	D and Jackson	4	slots

Dick's Bar	R. Roschl	118 North 1st	2	slots

Earl's Liquor Store	Lee Hughes	E and Jackson	1	slot

Eight Ball Bar	G. L. Bailey	117 North 1st	8	slots

Edmon's Assoc'd Station   Lee Hughes	5th and Carson	1	slot

El Cortez Hotel (Casino) H. T. Murphy	600 Fremont	11 slots

2 "21"

1 Roulette
1 Crap

El Cortez	Hotel	(Lobby)	H.	T.	Murphy	600	E.	Fremont	14 slots

El Cortez	Hotel	(Bar)	H.	T.	Murphy	600	E.	Fremont	4	slots

El Cortez	Hotel	(Din.Rm)	H.	T.	Murphy	600	E.	Fremont	3	slots

El Morocco Club	Lee Hughes	E and Jackson	1	slot

Fremont Tavern Inc.	James Fare	105 So. 1st	3	slots

Jimmie's Bar	R. Roschl	807 So. Main	3	slots

Larnin Drug	Jack Furnace	812 So. 5th	4	slots
Las Vegas Barbecue	Louis DuBois	22 Fremont	3	slots

L. V. Bowling & Recreation Mike Gordon	125 So. 2nd	8	slots

L. V. Pharmacy	Aurelia Scheer	32 Fremont	2	slots

Lee's Drive Inn	Lee Hughes	10th and Fremont	2	slots

Lido Bar	Anna Mae Weller	107 North 1st	4	slots

Lincoln Auto Court	T. I. Mason	South 5th	1	slot

Low Price Market	Lee Hughes	131	No. Main	1	slot

Mae's First St. Grocery   Mae Nemanuis	631	So. 1st	1	slot

Mon's Lunch	Phyllis Helm	1400 Fremont	2	slots

Nevada Bar	Donald A. Hall	115	North 1st	5	slots

Nevada Coffee Shop	George J. Adras	113	North 1st	2	slots

Nevada Shoe Shop	Lee Hughes	24 Fremont	1	slots

Oppedyk Jersey Dairy	L. Van Dermeer	1000 North Main	1	slot

Ortons Grill	Lee Hughes	121 So. 5th	3	slots

Overland Hotel	L. M. Wilson	Main and Fremont	2	slots

P and B Cafe	R.	Roschl	200	No.	1st St.	1	slot

Pearl's Cafe	Lee Hughes	224	No.	1st	2	slots

Prescription Phcy.	Lee Hughes	814 Fremont	l slot

Professional Phcy.	Lee Hughes	421 Fremont	4	slots

Rex Bar	R. Roschl	128 So. 1st	2	slots

Rex Turf Club	Dave Stearns	128 Fremont	1 Race horse book

Sam’s Cafe	J. A. Katsaros	320 Fremont	5	slots

Shady Rest Cafe	Lee Hughes	F and Jackson	2	slots

Silver State	News	R. Roschl	117	So. 2nd	3	slots

Silver State	Station	Lee Hughes	5th	and Fremont	1	slot

State Cafe	M.C. Kress	20 Fremont	4	slots

The Tavern	V.	M. Benson	123	So.	2nd	4	slots

Thrifty Market	R.	Roschl	1st	and	Charleston	3	slots

Tivoli Bar	J.B. Gaut	126	North 1st	3	slots

Tivoli Bar	Lee Hughes	126	North 1st	1	slot

Tom's Liquor Store	T. U. Fraser	1027 So. Main	2	slots

Town Barbecue	E. D. Ciliax	506 Fremont	3	slots

Trail Cafe	J. A. Katsaros	13 Fremont	3	slots

Victory Sandwich Shop	Ted Saunders	116 So. 1st	1	slot

Virginia’s Cafe	Lee Hughes	925 Fremont	1 slots

Westside cafe	Lee Hughes	D and Madison	2	slots

Westside Tavern	J. Chewning	206 Wilson	4	slots

Westside Tavern	Lee Hughes	206 Wilson	3	slots

White Cross Drug Co.	Aurelia Shceer	201 Fremont	2	slots

White Spot Cafe	Nick Horhonis	109 Fremont	8	slots

Drive - In Smith’s	Helen Askew	313 Stewart	2	slots

Shamrock Cafe	F.C. Kernan	1501 So. 5th	2	slots

Sewell’s Grocery	A. H. Imming	307 Fremont	2	slots

Bus Terminal Cafe	Ida Walker	127 South 1st	2	slots

Market Spot Grocery	Harry Levy	117 Carson	4	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Gordon W. Potter
for one slot machine at the Fifty Street Liquor Store, 727 So. 5th
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clar, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to
employ council to assist the City Attorney in definding the City
in the Jondahlcase, No. 20,444. Further that the City Manager
be empowered to spend up to $1,000.00 for said services in the
District Court.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the use of the
Standard Police Uniform, and the allowance of $20.00 on the
purchase of each uniform, to be paid as soon as funds are 

available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

The report of the Police Department for the month of September
was presented to the Board and ordered files.

The Financial Report for the City of Las Vegas for the Month of
August, as compiled by City Comptroller, Harold Laird, was 

presented to the Board and ordered files.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Board of City Commissioners
approve the trip of Mayor Cragin to Washington, D.C. in regard to
the Army Post here in Las Vegas, and that his actual expenses be
paid by the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

GORDON W. POTTER
Gaming License -

ASSISTANT CITY ATTORNEY

POLICE UNIFORMS

POLICE REPORT -
September

FINANCE REPORT -
August

MAYOR CRAGIN - Expenses
to Washington
Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following; telegram sent
to Senator Pat McCarran, October 3, 1945, by Mayor E.W. Cragin
be approved and filed in the Office of the City Clerk.

OCTOBER 3, 1945

 SENATOR PAT MCCARRAN
SENATE OFFICE BUILDING
WASHINGTON, D. C.

PURSUANT TO THE GENERAL UNDERSTANDING OBTAINED DURING THE CONFERENCE
HELD IN YOUR OFFICE THURSDAY 28TH, 1945, WE ARE SUBMITTING THE 

FOLLOWING LETTER AS A SUPPLEMENT TO THE BRIEF PREPARED BY THE CHAMBER OF
COMMERCE OF THIS CITY AND LEFT WITH YOU ON THIS OCCASION.

WE REGRET THAT THE TIME ELEMENT IS SO SHORT THAT WE HAVE NOT HAD AN
OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE A SATISFACTORY MEETING WITH THE PRINCIPALS OF THE
PUBLIC AIR TRANSPORT CARRIERS WHICH IT WILL BE RECALLED HAVE A PRIOR
PRIME INTEREST IN MCCARRAN FIELD, IN ADDITION TO THE NATURAL SHORT
TIME FACTOR BETWEEN OUR MEETING THERE AND THE DATE SET FOR OUR 

SUBSEQUENT COMMUNICATION OUR RETURN TO LAS VEGAS WAS UNDULY DELAYED DUE
TO AIR LINES BEING GROUNDED IN THE MIDWEST REQUIRING TRAIN TRAVEL WITH
CONSEQUENT ARRIVAL HERE LATE YESTERDAY. UNDER THESE CIRCUMSTANCES
WE ARE THEREFORE ABLE ONLY TO MAKE THE FOLLOWING COMMITMENT:

(A)	THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, IS PREPARED TO CONVEY ALL OR
SUCH PART OF MCCARRAN FIELD TO THE WAR DEPARTMENT ARMY AIR FORCES AS
MAY BE DESIRED BY THIS FEDERAL INSTRUMENTALITY FOR A PERMANENT BASE
SUBJECT TO THE CURRENT RESERVATIONS IN THE LEASE BETWEEN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS AND THE MILITARY AUTHORITIES.

(B)	IT IS PRESUMED THAT THE CIVIL AERONAUTICS ADMINISTRATION WILL
ASSIST THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS IN AN EFFORT TO OBTAIN A SUITABLE SITE
AND IMPROVEMENTS THEREON FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF A NEW MUNICIPAL AIRPORT
SUCH FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION BEING SUBJECT TO PENDING 

LEGISLATION AFFECTING THE CAA. AT SUCH TIME THE PUBLIC CARRIERS WILL BE
IMPORTUNED TO VACATE THE PRESENT MCCARRAN FIELD THUS GIVING EXCLUSIVE
USE OF THE PRESENT FACILITIES FOR MILITARY PURPOSES.

(C)	IN THE EVENT THE WAR DEPARTMENT DESIGNATES AND MAINTAINS THE

LVAAF AS A PERMANENT BASE THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS WILL DILIGENTLY PURSUE
A POLICY SEEKING TO MAKE HOUSING AND ALL ATTRIBUTES FOR LIVING ON
EVEN A MORE ECONOMICAL AND ADEQUATE BASIS FOR THE COMFORT AND HAPPINESS
OF THE PERSONNEL.	

(D)	IT IS FELT CONFIDENT THAT THE IMMEDIATE INTERIM WILL PROVIDE
THE NECESSARY TIME TO HAVE A MEETING OF THE SEVERAL PARTIES OF 

INTEREST AND WORK OUT THE TERMS AND SCHEDULE FOR FINAL CONVEYANCE OF THE
FIELD.

WE BELIEVE SINCERELY THAT THESE NEGOTIATIONS CAN BE MADE THOROUGHLY
ACCEPTABLE TO THE RELATED FEDERAL AGENCIES AND ALL PARTIES OF INTEREST.

WE WILL BE EXCEEDINGLY GRATEFUL IF YOU WILL IMMEDIATELY PLACE THIS
INFORMATION IN THE HANDS OF GENERAL CHAUNCEY AS WE AGREED IT WOULD
REACH WASHINGTON OCTOBER FIFTH. KINDEST REGARDS.

E. W. CRAGIN, MAYOR
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye;noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that Archie Grant, because of his
connection with the Kelso - Turner Tract, be released from the
committee herefore appointed by the City to meet with the certain
group relative to the Kelso Turner Tract; and that O.A. Kimball
be appointed in his place. Further that November 15, be set as the
time for hearing of said matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO SAFE GUARD LIFE AND 

PROPERTY BY REGULATING AND PROVIDING FOR THE INSPECTION OF ELECTRICAL
WIRING DEVICES, APPLIANCES AND EQUIPMENT: CREATING THE OFFICE OF
CITY ELECTRICIAN AND PRESCRIBING HIS AUTHORITY AND DUTIES: 

REQUIRING THAT NO ELECTRIC WIRING DEVICES, APPLIANCES OR 

EQUIPMENT SHALL BE INSTALLED WITHOUT FIRST SECURING A PERMIT THEREFORE.
CREATING A BOARD OF ELECTRICAL EXAMINERS: PROVIDING FOR THE 

LICENSING OF PERSONS, FIRMS AND CORPORATIONS ENGAGING IN THE
BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING OR EMPLOYING ELECTRICIANS TO
OBTAIN ELECTRICAL WORK: MAKING IT UNLAWFUL TO ENGAGE IN THE 

BUSINESS OF ELECTRICAL CONTRACTING OR TO UNDERTAKE THE EXECUTION OF
ELECTRICAL WORK WITHOUT A LICENSE, EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED:
MAKING IT UNLAWFUL TO SELL AT RETAIL CERTAIN ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS
UNLESS SUCH PRODUCTS HAVE ESN APPROVED BY THE CITY ELECTRICIAN,

AND NATIONAL BOARD OF UNDERWRITERS, PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE
VIOLATION THEREFORE AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF

KELSO TURNER TRACT

ORDINANCE #306
2nd Reading
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," was read to the Board for
a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said
ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Bates.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND, REVISE, AND 

REENACT SECTION I OF ORDINANCE N0292 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AS AMENDED, AND TO REPEAL ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH,"
was read to the Board for a second time.

Thereafter commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of an ordinance entitled
"AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A BUREAU OF
FIRE PREVENTION, PROVIDING OFFICERS THEREFORE AND DEFINING THEIR
POWERS AND DUTIES, AND PRESCRIBING REGULATIONS FOR FIRE PREVENTION
AND LIFE SAFETY IN CONNECTION WITH HAZARDOUS MATERIALS AND 

PROCESSES: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ITS VIOLATION AND REPEAL OF 

ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," which was read
to the Board for a second time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting ayes; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until Monday,
October 8, at the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

ORDINANCE NO. 307
2nd Reading

ORDINANCE NO. 308

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 8, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 8th day of October, 1945. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E.W. Cragin at the hour of 10:00 a.m. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Bates and Corradetti;

City Manager, T.E. Fennessy; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark, and City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following resolution be adopted.
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing
of funds to meet the obligation placed upon the City of Las Vegas, by the
changes in the Las Vegas City Charter approval by the State Legislature, March
7, 1945, and,

WHEREAS, certain obligations have been incurred in connection with 

sidewalk demands, fire department, planning commissioner, and preliminary work
on assessment districts. Funds for which were not provided in the regular
budget and for which reimbursement cannot be obtained within the Budget Year,
and,

WHEREAS, unforeseen expenses in connection with the 1945 election, the
policing of the City, and the feeding of prisoners, and the repairing of
City owned equipment, costs of which could not be properly determined at the
time the current budget was prepared, and,

WHEREAS, the only means possible to meet these obligations and 

expenditures is through the securing of an emergency loan, funds for which are
available in the unappropriated surplus account of the general fund of the City
of Las Vegas,

RESOLUTION -

Emergency Loan
THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners that the
City do borrow a sum of Forty-two Thousand ($42,000.00) Dollars from the 

unappropriated surplus monies in the General Fund now available or as they become
available during the balance of the 1945 Budget year.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk execute and deliver the
necessary certified copy of this Resolution to the State Board of Finance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the claim of J. J. Peelen
in the sum of $3,333.33 being the first payment on the Garbage
collection, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to
submit to the Federal Government the necessary report for
Post War Projects in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

Bids from the following firms for pick - up trucks were considered
at this time;

Delivery Date	Price

COMMUNITY CHEVROLET CO.	1945 Chev. CCBX	Uncertain	$997.82

½ Ton Pickup with
4 - 6.50x16 6-ply
tires

CASHMAN'S GARAGE	New GMC ½ ton pick-	Uncertain	1086.36

up, Model CC-102,

125¼" wheel base, 4
speed transmission,

4 - 7.50x15 6 ply
tires

HOGAN & WESTLAKE	Model WC, ½ ton pick- Uncertain	1024.50

up with 78" body, closed
cab, 4 - 600x16 6 ply
tires, heavy duty air
cleaner, Deluxe Oil
filter, special cab.

CLARK COUNTY WHSE.	No Bid

A. C. GRANT	No Bid

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing bids be referred
to the Comptroller for further information.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the petition of the El Cortez
Hotel for the vacation of the East - West Alley behind the Hotel
on Fremont Street be referred to the Planning Commissioner for

recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

	 	  

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Baskin and

Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting recess until Thursday
October 11 and the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
	  

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

VACATION — Alley
Back of El Cortez
Hotel

CLAIM - J. J. Peelen
POST WAR PROJECT -
BIDS - Pick - up Truck
Las Vegas, Nevada

October 11, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 11th day of October, 1945. Meeting
called to order by His Honor Mayor E.W. Cragin at the hour
of 10:00 a.m. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Baskin, Clark; City Manager, T.E. Fennessy; and City
Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti and
City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

The following letter from Commissioner Corradetti was read
to the Board and order filed:

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 9, 1945

Hon. Mayor E. W. Cragin and
Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:

I wish to enter my objection to building the swimming pool
on the north side of the City Park, as recommended by the Planning
Commission, for the following reasons:

1.	Lack of sufficient lighting.

2.	No adequate approach to said location.

3.	Not the proper environment for swimming pool.

It is my suggestion that if the Mayor wishes to build the
swimming pool at such location that the Parent Teachers Association
and School Authorities be consulted and their recommendation be
given consideration.

I also feel that the residents of the South side of the City
are entitled to consideration as to the location of said pool.

Respectfully yours,

/s/_ A. Corradetti
A. Corradetti
Commissioner

Commissioner Bates moved that the swimming pool to
be built on the Westside be located in Block 14 of Valley-
view Addition, this property now owned by the City of Las
Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Claim No. 573-1, in the sum of
$14,945.90, covering final payment to the Pioneer Construction
company for the erection of the Fire Station be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until October 22, at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

AC:hsr

SWIMMING POOL - Westside

CLAIM — Pioneer
Construction -
These Minutes are a repetition
of the Minutes on page #337.
Las Vegas, Nevada

October 11, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 11th day of October, 1945. Meeting
called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour
of 10:00 a.m. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Baskin, Clark; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and City
Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:Commissioner Corradetti and
City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

The following letter from Commissioner Corradetti was read to
the Board and ordered filed:

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 9, 1945

Hon. Mayor L. W. Cragin and
Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas.

Gentlemen:

I wish to enter my objection to building the swimming pool
on the north side of the City Park, as recommended by the
Planning Commission, for the following reasons:

1.	Lack of sufficient lighting.

2.	No adequate approach to said location.

3.	Not the proper environment for swimming
pool.

It is my suggestion that if the Mayor wishes to build the
swimming pool at such location that the Parent Teachers 

Association and school authorities be consulted and their 

recommendation be given consideration.

I also feel that residents of the south side of the City
are entitled to consideration as to the location of said pool.

Respectfully yours,

A. Corradetti
A. Corradetti
Commissioner

Commissioner Bates moved that the swimming pool to be built
on the Westside be located in Block 14 of Valleyview 

Addition, this property now owned by the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner
Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Claim No. 573 — 1, in the sum
of $14,945.90, covering final payment to the Pioneer Construction
Company for the erection of the Fire Station be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
adjourn until October 22nd at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

honor voting aye: noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Corradetti.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

AC:HSR

SWIMMING POOL - Westside
CLAIM - Pioneer Construction
CLAIM -
Las Vegas, Nevada

October 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of October, 1945. Meeting called to
orderer at the hour of 2/30 p.m. by His Honor Mayor E. W.
Cragin with the following members present:	commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Corradetti: City Attorney, C. Norman
Cornwall; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Minutes of September
28, October 5, 8, and 11 be approved by reference and the
Mayor and City Clerk Authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	

Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 574 to
582 inclusive and 587 in the net sum of $15,332.38 be
approved and the Mayor, City Clerk and Comptroller 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 583 to 586 inclusive in the sum of $11,570.72 be
approved and the Mayor, City Clerk, and Comptroller 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioners Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following Master
Plumbers and Journeymen be appointed as members of the
Plumbing Board:	Representing the Masters, Cecil Annabel,

H. L. Chambers, A. R. Ruppert; Representing the 

Journeymen, L. J. Swan, J. D. Bennett and E. P. Tate.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the petition filed with the
City Clerk a s of this date, by Rex Bell, signed by several
property owners on North Main Street protesting the 

creating of an island on North Main Street for traffic purposes,
be referred to the State Highway Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none, Absent: Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board ap rove the action
of the City Manager in disposing of three hundred (300) feet
of booster hose which had been shaped to us with wrong 

couplings. Two local businessmen, who had use for same, agreed
to pay the full price for it:	therefore, Mr. Fennessy

authorized the sale.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following renewals and
new applications for slot machine licenses be granted:

RENEWALS

Rex Club	128	Fremont	1	Slot

Nevada Biltmore	600	No. Main	8	slots

Market Spot	117	Carson	4	 slots

Bus Terminal Cafe	127	So. 1st	2	slots

Sewell's	307	Fremont	2	slots

Shamrock Cafe	1501 So. 5th	2 slots

New

Desert Sport Shop	125 North 2nd St.	2 slots

(Pat Rozzelle)

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PLUMBING BOARD

PETITION - Island on
North Main St.

FIRE DEPARTMENT - Sale
of Hose

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	

Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bids heretofore 

received on a pickup truck Be rejected and new bids issued,
specifying horse power, capacity, tires, and transmission
speeds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

relocation of the gas pump and loading platform at McCarran
Field as per map in City Manager’s Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commis-
sion Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendations of the
Cemetery Board be approved and the Minutes of their meeting
held October 19 be compied into these minutes;

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 19, 1945

At a called meeting of the Cemetery Advisory Committee
held in the War Memorial Building, thus 19th day of
October, 1945. Meeting called to order by T. E. Fennessy,
Chairman, at 9:30 A.M. with the following members present;

T. E. Fennessy, City Manager: George Rittenhouse, City
Engineer; George Maxwell, Sexton; and Reverend Albert
C. Melton.

Minutes of las meeting read, Rev. Melton moved for the
approval of the Minutes of the meeting held on September
14, 1945, as read.

Motion seconded by Mr. Rittenhouse, and carried by the
following vote; Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, and Mr.
Rittenhouse, voting aye; noes, none.

At this point, 10:00 a.m., Mr. Arthur Smith arrived at
the meeting.

Rev. Melton moved that the lots in Section S, south of
the walkway, and Lots in Section 0, north of the 

walkway, shall be designated as Section S-2 and Section
0-2 respectively, and that the price of these lots remain
at $40.00 per lot.

Motion seconded by Mr. Smith, and carried by the following
vote; Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton and Mr. Rittenhouse and
Mr. Smith, voting aye; noes, none.

Reverend Melton moved that the lots in Section S north of
the walkway, and in Section 0, south of the walkway, shall
be designated as Section S - 1 and Section 0-1 respectively
and that the price of said Lots be raised from $40.00 to
$50.00 per lot.

Motion seconded by Mr. Smith, and carried by the following
vote; Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, Mr. Smith, and Mr.
Rittenhouse, voting "AYE"; noes; none.

Arthur Smith, Sr., made a motion recommending that the
Board of Commissioners raise the price for the opening and
closing of a standard grave - maximum size, 31" x 7½' x
6¼' deep - from $12.00 to $15.00 to cover the increase
cost of labor under the 40-hour work week.

Motion seconded by Mr. Rittenhouse, and carried by the
following vote:	Mr. Fennessy. Rev. Melton, Mr. Rittenhouse,

and Mr. Smith voting, "aye"; "noes"; none.

Arthur Smith, Sr., moved recommending that the Board of
Commissioners make a motion that any burials requested on
Saturday morning shall pay for the grave opening at one
and one-half times the regular rate, or $22.50 for each grave
opening, to cover the cost of over-time under the 40-hour work
week.

Motion seconded by Rev. Melton, and carried by the following
vote; Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, Mr. Rittenhouse and Mr.
Smith, voting, "Aye"; noes, none.

BIDS - Pick-up Truck

 
MCCARRAN FIELD - Gas

Pump location

WOODLAWN CEMETERY
Recommendation
Cemetery Board

MINUTES * Sept.14
Approved

CEMETERY LOTS

DESIGNATED AS
SEC. S-2 &
Sec. 0-2

CEMETERY LOTS

DESIGNATES AS
SEC. 0-1 and
Sec. S-1



PRICE OF
STANDARD GRAVE
OPENING RAISED
$12 to $15



SATURDAY MORNING
BURIALS
Arthur Smith, Sr. moved that an active membership in the
Association of American Cemeteries, at a cost of $17.30
be purchased for George Maxwell, Sexton of Woodlawn
Cemetery.

Motion seconded by Rev. Melton, and carried by the
following vote:	Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, Mr. Smith

and Mr. Rittenhouse voting "aye"; noes, none.

Mr. Rittenhouse moved that the matters contained in a
letter from La Societe Des 40 Hommes et 8 Chebaux,
dated August 11, 1945, and referred to this Committee
by the Board of Commissioners for discussion, which letter
reads as follows:

"RESOLVED:

Whereas it appears that at least two deceased Veterans
have been buried in Potter’s Field in the Woodlawn Cemetery
at Las Vegas and it is desirable that a plot of ground of
at least 25 graves be set aside for burial of destitute
Veterans;

Therefore be it resolved that this Voilture request
the City Council of Las Vegas, that such a plot consisting
of space for at least 25 graves be set aside for burial of
destitute Veterans and that the city make provisions for
moving the two Veterans already buried to such a plot;

That the Voilture recommend to Las Vegas Post No. 8
American Legion, that it take like action hereto;

CLARK COUNTY VOILTURE 306
/s/ Jim Young

Geo. Griffith
C. L. Fleming
COMMITTEE."

be returned to the Board of Commissioners for referral
to the Board of County Commissioners, since the matter
involves indigents.

Arthur Smith seconded the motion and it was carried by the
following vote:	Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, Mr. Rittenhouse,

and Mr. Smith, voting "Aye"; "Noes"; none.

There being no further business to come fore the meeting
at this time, Rev. Melton moved that this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Mr. Rittenhouse and carried by the
following vote; All members voting "Aye"; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized
to notify the Human Society that their contract with the
City of Las Vegas is to be cancelled in accordance with
provisions of said contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner dark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Order adopted by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the
28th of September, 1945, vacation a certain alley ruining
north and south between Mesquite and 9th Streets in Block
18 of Buck’s Addition, Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
be amended to read as follows:

ORDER VACATING ALLEY

A Petition, dated July 18, 1945, signed by seven (7) 

freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the
Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of that certain
alley, running north and south between Mesquite and Ninth Streets
in Block 18 of Buck’s Subdivision, in the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada; and said Petition having been by Order of
said Board referred to the Planning Commissioner of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and said Planning Commission having filed its 

report, dated August 21, 1945, with the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, which said report recommended
said vacation, provided:



MEMBERSHIP IN ASSN.
OF AMERICAN 

CEMETERIES -

 

REMOVAL

Veteran's Bodies

HUMANE SOCIETY - Contract
Cancelled

BLOCK 18 BUCK'S
SUB - DIVISION
1.	Adequate easement is retained in lieu of the
dedicated alleyway for maintenance of present
or future utility, with approval of the 

Utilities Companies concerned.

2.	That the petition submitted be in proper legal
order before any final action thereon. Due to
the subdivision of some of the original lots in
this particular block, it is apparent that all

of the abutting owners are not represented on the
petition.

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held
August 22nd, 1945, set September 28th, 1945, at the hour of
2:00 P.M., at the Commissioner's Room of the Board of 

Commissioners in the War Memorial Building, located at the 

northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada,
as the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and 

recommendation, and Ordered the City Attorney to cause notice of
said hearing to be posted as in sad hearing to be posted as in
said Order provided, which notice was to set forth the extent
of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Claud C. Sargent
filed with the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for
for in said Order, a copy of which is attached to said 

Affidavit, was posted on the 24th day of August, 1945, in the 

manner prescribed by said Order.

And the 28th day of September, 1945 being the time fixed
for the hearing of said Petition for Vacation and 

recommendation thereof; and a petition signed by three (3) freeholders owning
property in said vicinity protesting said vacation was filed
with the City Clerk on August 8th, 1945, and this Board having
heard evidence in support of said recommendation and petition for Vacation,
and their being no evidence presented in support of the
Petition of said three freeholders protesting said vacation; and
being satisfied that the public will not be materially injured by
such proposed vacation;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED: That the following described alley in
Block 18 of Buck’s Subdivision, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, to-wit:

That certain alley running north and south between

Mesquite and Ninth streets in block 18 of Buck’s

Subdivision,

be and the same hereby vacated.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bate , Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Order adopted by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 28th of
September, 1945, vacating the easterly fifteen feet of right-
of-way boarding Lots 1, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11, Block 19 of
Ladd’s Addition, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada be amended to read as follows:

ORDER VACATING ROADWAY OR STREET

A revised Petition, revising a Petition dated March 20th, 1944
signed by two (2) freeholders residing in the area affected, signed by
ten (10) freeholders residing in the area affected having been filed with the
Clerk of this Board and referred to the Las Vegas-Clark County joint
Planning Commission on the 30th day of January, 1945, petitioning for the
vacation of that certain roadway or street, in Section 14, Block 19, of
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County. Nevada; and s id Petition having been
by Order of said Board referred to the Planning Commissioner, and said
Planning Commission having filed its report dated February 2, 1945, with
the Board of Commissioners of the Las Vegas, Nevada, which said report
recommended that:

"In order that a uniform street development along the
east side of 14th Street could be obtained, it was

VACATION 14th STREET
Ladd's Addn.
suggested that the entire strip for a depth of fifteen
feet along the easterly portion of this right of way
between Fremont Street and Carson Street be vacated.
This vacation then would permit of a uniform easterly
street line from Fremont Street south to Clark
Street.

It is further recommended that this approval is made
only upon the condition that owners requesting this
vacation and holding property on the west side of
this 10 feet of the westerly 15 feet of South 14th
Street vacated at an earlier date. This 

arrangement will then provide an adequate street of 60
feet in width as is desired.

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held June 22nd,

1945, set July 245h, 1945, at the hour of 2:30 p.m., at the Commissioners
Room of the Board of Commissioners in the War Memorial Building located
at the northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada,
as the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and 

recommendation and Ordered the Clerk of the City of Las Vegas to cause notice
of said he ring to be posted as in said Order provided, which notice
was to set forth the extent of said proposed vacation.

And It appearing from the Affidavit of Claud C. Sargent filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a
copy of which is attached to said Affidavit, was posted on the 22nd day
of June 1945, in the manner prescribed by said Order.

And the 28th day of September, 1945 being the time fixed for the
hearing of said Petition for the Vacation and recommendation thereof,
and this Board having heard evidence in support of said recommendation
and Petition for vacation and being satisfied that the public will not
be materially injured by such proposed vacation;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED:	That the following described property, to-wit:

The easterly 15' of right-of-way Bordering Lots 1, 7, 8, 9, 10, and
11, Block 19 of Ladd’s Addition, in the City of Las Vegas, as shown by the
thereof on record in the County Recorder’s Office, Clark County, Nevada,

be and the same hereby is vacated.

/s/ E. E. Cragin____________

Mayor

ATTEST: 

/s/	Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Board approve the
trip of any members of the Board to Carson City, Nevada to
represent the City there on Admission Day, and that their
expenses be born by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the 

meeting at this time Commissioner Bates moved that this 

meeting recess until 10 a.m. Saturday, October 27th.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark.

ADMISSION DAY
Las V gas, Nevada
Oct. 27, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 27th day of October, 1945.

Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin
at the hour of 10:00 A.M. with the following members 

present: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed. Absent: City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be 

authorized to cause Notice of Non-Responsibility to be posted
as provided by law on the property upon which the 

proposed Golf Club and/or other improvements are being 

constructed; or which are to be constructed upon said real
property herein described as follows:

"The South one-half (S½) of the Northwest one-quarter
(N.W. ¼); the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of the 

Northeast one-quarter (NE¼); the East one-half (E½) of the North
east one-quarter (NE¼) of the Northwest one-quarter
(NW¼); the West one-half (W½) of the Southwest 

one-quarter (SW¼) of the Northeast one-quarter (NE¼) of 

Section 30, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, MDB & M, 

situate and being in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
and State of Nevada.”

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor Voting aye; noes, Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that Bids be let for the sale of
a walk in type refrigerator owned by the City at the
CCC Camp.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti
  passed his vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of P.O.
Silvagni for a Cocktail Lounge license at the Apache
Cocktail Lounge , 2nd and Fremont Streets be granted,
and the application of Elizabeth Stephenson for a Retail
Restaurant Beverage License at the House of Murphy, 1409
South 5th Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting
recess until 7:30 P.M. Monday, October 29, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 29, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 29th day of October, 1945. 

Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members present:
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager,

T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall, and Commissioner Bates.

An Ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS TO AMEND SECTION 2E AND 8 OF SECTION NO. 264, LAS
VEGAS BUILDING ORDINANCE AS AMENDED BY SECTION 1 AND 2
OF ORDINANCE NO. 300," was read by title to the Board and
referred to the following committee for report at the next
regular meeting:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 309

GOLF COURSE

BIDS - Sale of
Refrigerator



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Granted
Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Resolution
authorizing the Board of Commissioners of he City
of Las Vegas to make temporary emergency loan,
ap roved by the State Board of Finance on the 25th day of
October 1945 be recorded in the minutes of this Board as
provided by law.

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE

Meeting Held October 25, 1945

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, it being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board of
Finance, duly called and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of that
certain Act of the Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the Fiscal 

Management of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and Other Governmental Agencies,"
approved March 22, 1917, as amended, that a great necessity now exists for authorizing
the obtaining of a temporary loan by and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of meeting such emergency as expressed in and
shown by the. preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas duly called and held on the 8th day of 

October, 1945, authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set forth in said resolution,
a duly certified copy of which is now on file and of record in the Office of the State
Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, it further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said 

emergency resolution was duly published according to law; therefore, be it

RESOLVED, by the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution of
said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of Forty-Two Thousand Dollars ($42,000.00) as in
said resolution set forth and authorized, be and the same is hereby approved; and be it
further

RESOLVED, that a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted by
the Secretary of the State Board of Finance to said Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas in order that the same may be recorded in the minutes of the meeting of
said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, as provided by law.

I, Grant L. Robison, certify that I am the duly authorized and acting
Secretary of the State Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true, and correct
copy of the resolution duly adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board of Finance at
meeting held on the 25th day of October, 1945.

DATED THIS 25TH DAY OF OCTOBER, 1945

/s/ Grant L. Robison

Secretary of the State Board of
Finance.

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING
EMERGENCY LOAN

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Coradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Bates.

At this time Commissioner Bates appeared at the meeting.

Commissioner Bates moved that the apportionment of the
$42,000.00 Emergency Loan to the Departments and Objects be
as follows:

APPORTIONMENT OF
EMERGENCY LOAN

APPORTIONMENT OF THE $42,000.00 EMERGENCY LOAN
TO THE DEPARTMENTS AND OBJECTS

No.	Department	Object	Amount	Salary	Expense Capital

02	City Clerk	29	$1300.00	$1300.00

04	City Manager	23	440.00	440.00

06 City Attorney	11-30	2400.00	2050.00	350.00

08	Public Printing	24	700.00	700.00

11	Planning Commission	46	300.00	300.00

10	City Comptroller	Various	4100.00	535.00	2365.00	1200.00

20	Police Department	11-29-36	8750.00	2800.00	5950.00

22	Fire Department	34-80	      2600.00               600.00	2000.00

23	Building Inspector	23	225.00	225.00

25	Electrical Inspector	23	275.00	275.00

33	Garbage Department	23	1500.00	1500.00

50	Street Department	23	13,110.00	13,110.00

60	Air Port (Sign Rental	46	200.00	200.00

86 Golf Course	80	1100.00	1100.00

WO Assessment Dist. and Demands	5000.00	5000.00

$42,000.00	5385.00	27315.00	9300.00

TRANSFER

From: City Clerk	(3900.00)

to : City Comptroller	3900.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Raskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming 

applications be granted:

Tommy's	Jack Weisberger	407	Fremont	2	Slots

Barney's Grocery	H. G. Tucker	630	So. 5th	1	Slot

Mulligan's

Service Station	Jack Weisberger	3rd	and Fremont	2	slots

Signal Service

Station	Jack Weisberger	4th	and Fremont	1	 slot

House of Murphy   Bucknam Dist. Co.	1409 So. 5th	2 slots

Spic 'n Span	Bucknam Dis. Co.	124½ No. 1st	3	 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clar, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Commissioner Corradetti was excused.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE
ISSUANCE BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS OF ITS NEGOTIABLE
COUPON BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF
$140,000.00 FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONSTRUCTING A POLICE
STATION FOR THE USE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND THE
NECESSARY FACILITIES FOR SAID POLICE STATION PRESCRIBING
THE TERMS THEREOF, AND PROVIDING FOR THE LEVY AND 

COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL TAX THEREFORE," was read to the Board
by title and referred to Commissioners Baskin and 

Corradetti for report at the next regular meeting.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD
OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK,

STATE OF NEVADA TO BORROW, NOT TO EXCEED ONE HUNDRED SIXTY
THOUSAND DOLLARS ($160,000.00) ON THE CREDIT OF THE CITY
BY ISSUING NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS FOR THE PURPOSE OF 

CONSTRUCTING TWO MUNICIPALLY OWNED SWIMMING POOLS AND 

INCIDENTAL FACILITIES THERETO; TO ISSUE AND SELL GENERAL 

OBLIGATION BONS FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS SPECIFYING THE
TERMS THEREOF; PROVIDING FOR THE SALE OF SAID BONDS AND
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN 

CONFLICT HEREWITH, AND PARTICULARLY REPEALING ORDINANCE NO.

296 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS FINALLY APPROVED AND ADOPTED
THE 6TH DAY OF APRIL,1945," was read to the Board by title
and referred to Commissioners Bates and Clark for report
at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized
to direct a letter to I. A. Lougaris, representing the
Veterans of Nevada, and make it known that the City is willing
to provide water, sewer, and power facilities for a Veteran's
Hospital installation in Las Vegas on property to be 

furnished by Clark County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
recess until Friday, November 2, 1945, at the hour of 7:30
p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 311

VETERAN'S HOSPITAL

GAMING APPLICATIONS
GRANTED
Las Vegas, Nevada
November2, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 2nd day of November, 1945. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 7:45 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen
Scott Reed.

At this time a letter from Domenic Romangnino, dated October
31, 1945 requesting permission to operate a taxi cab company
in the City of Las Vegas was read to the Board. Commissioner
Clark moved that the application be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin. After some 

discussion Commissioner Clark withdrew his motion with the consent
of the Second.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign an agreement with R. G. Thompson for the use of
his motorcycle.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a Committee from the Golf Club Association met with
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to discuss the
construction of a Golf Club at the Municipal Golf Course. After
considerable discussion, Commissioner Clark moved that the City
Attorney and Mr. Ruymann, Attorney for the Golfer’s Association
get together and draw up an agreement covering that portion of
the City owned property at the Golf Course to be occupied by
the Golf Association for the building of a club house and 

present their agreement to the City for approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until
2 P.M., the 7th of November.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 7th day of November, 1945. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the follow-
ing members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti: City Manager T. E. Fennessy:	City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be 

instructed to cause to have posted notice of intention of the City of
Las Vegas to vacate a portion of the alley located in Block
7, Hawkins Addition being that portion of the east and west
alley directly behind the El Cortez Hotel between sixth and
seventh streets on the north s ide of Fremont, as designated on
sketch attached to petition. Further that the El Cortez
Company shall provide a sixty (60) foot "T" at the end of the
alley between Ogden and Fremont Avenue for the turning around
of vehicles; and that said he ring be set for December 22, 1945
at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Stanley Robinow
and Max Arnold requesting the transfer to them of the pawn shop
license issued to George Harris, who is now operating the
Pioneer Loan Company, be approved when Mr. Robinow and Mr. Arnold
file with the City Clerk the necessary bond to do business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED VACATION
Alley located Block
7, Hawkins Addition

PAWN SHOP LICENSE
TRANSFER

APPLICATION
Taxi Business

MOTORCYCLE RENTAL
AGREEMENT

GOLF CLUB ASSOCIATION
Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of October 27 and
29 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 588 to 593
inc. in the net sum of $16,973. 16 be approved and the Mayor,

City Clerk, and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos.

595 to 599 inc. in the sum of $25,730.97 be approved and the
Mayor, City Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be instructed to
draw up an agreement between the City of Las Vegas and Theodore
Michelas, to furnish water to the South Meadows Improvement
Memorial Park District.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The reports of the Building Inspector, Electrical Inspector,
and the Police Department for the month of October were pre-
sented and ordered filed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be directed to
cause to have posted notice of intention to vacate that 

certain alley, 20 feet in width, extending in an easterly westerly
direction entirely across Block 14 of Valley View Addition to the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, as shown on plat of records
in the County Recorder's Office at Page 50 in Book I of Plats,
and setting the date for said hearing on December 22, 1945 at
10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
negotiate with the American Pool Corporation for the furnishing
of complete engineering plans and specifications for the 

construction of two swimming pools at a total cost of $500.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and Carried by the following
voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept the proposal of the
Board of County Commissioners, "To give the City of Las-Vegas a
99 year lease on the property located on North 2nd street, Las
Vegas, Nevada where the Las Vegas City Jail is now located, 

provided such property will be used by the City of Las Vegas for
City Jail purposes, and providing the City of Las Vegas is able
to give Clark County clear title to the County Courthouse Lots
together with the building thereon; providing the City has the
occupancy of the Library Building until such time as they can
secure another site."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and lost by the 

following voter Voting aye, Commissioners Bates, and Corradetti;

Voting no, Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor.

At this time Mayor Cragin stepped down from the Mayor's Chair
and Mayor Pro Tem Clark Presided.

Mayor Cragin moved that the proposal under date of November 7,

1945 from the County Commissioners to the City of Las Vegas be
denied, and that the City of Las Vegas condemn the property on
North 1st Street heretofore discussed for the purpose of 

erecting a police station, provided the price now asked cannot be 

reduced.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti

MINUTES, October 27
and October 29.



PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

SOUTH MEADOWS IMPROVE-
MENT MEMORIAL PARK —
Water Contract



DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS

ALLEY VACATION
Westside

SWIMMING POOL
POLICE STATION


RADIO HOOKUP
GAMING APPLICATION

ESQUIRE LOUNGE INC.
Gaming & Liquor
Application

FRONTIER CLUB

VACATION -- Old L.A.
Highway

Commissioner Clark moved that the City approve joint radio
hookup with the County and instruct the City Manager to 

negotiate with the County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote; Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming 

applications be granted:

Cork 'N Bottle	508 Fremont St.	Eddie Van Tassell	3 slots

Fifth Street Liquor

Store	727 So. 5th St.	Gordon Potter	1 slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Sam Stearns for one roulette table at
113 North 1st Street was ordered tabled.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Louis Mack
of the Esquire Lounge Inc., 120 So. 2nd Street for 4 slot
machines be granted; and the application of Louis Mack for
a retail tavern liquor license at 120 South 2nd Street for
the 4th quarter of 1945 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of J.W. Shaw
for one Black Jack game at the Frontier Club, 117 Fremont
Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the hearing of a petition for
the vacation of a certain portion of the Old Los Angeles
Highway (commonly known as the Mormon Trail), Commissioner
Bates moved that the following order be made:

ORDER VACATING PORTION OF HIGHWAY

A Petition, dated September 13, 1945, signed by Henry Leigh-Hunt, acting for six
(6) free-holders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of
this board, petitioning for the vacation of that portion of the Old Los Angeles 

Highway (commonly known as the Mormon Trail) as the same now exists within the City Limits,
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada; and said vacation being in accordance
with the recommendations of the Las Vegas-Clark County Planning Commission as set forth
in said Planning Commission's reports dated May 22nd, 1945 and August 21st, 1945,
which reports outline the tentative plan of Petitioner's Subdivision of South Fifth
Street Tract No. 1, and in accordance with said Petitioners' revised tentative map of
said proposed sub-division, as approved by said Planning Commission August 17, 1945, and
on file In the Office of the City Engineer; that said report of the Joint Planning
Commission, dated August 21, 1945, with reference to said vacation reads as follows:

"It is called to your attention at this time that this
planning requires the re-alignment of the Old Los Angeles
Highway. Such re-alignment will be much more desirable
to our Street and Highway Plan, and has received the approval of
the State Highway Department who are also concerned with the
improvement of this road as a secondary highway. This 

realignment of the Old Los Angeles Highway will require in the final
instance, recognition that a portion of the old Los Angeles
Highway is being vacated."

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held on the 22nd day of 

September, 1945, set the 7th day of November, 1945, at the hour of 2/30 p.m., at the
Commissioner's Room of the Board of Commissioners in the war Memorial Building,
located at the northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada, as
the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and ordered
the City Clerk to cause notice of said hearing to be posted as in said Order provided,
which notice was set forth the extent of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Claud C. Sargent filed with the Clerk of
this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which is attached to
said Affidavit, was posted on the 26th day of September, 1945, In the manner prescribed
by said Order.

And this being the time fixed for the hearing of said Petition for vacation and
recommendation thereof, and this Board having heard evidence In support of said 

recommendation and Petition for vacation and being satisfied that the public will not
be materially injured by such proposed vacation;
BIDS - Pickup Truck

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 309

PROPOSED ORDINANCE

No. 310



RESOLUTION

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED:	That the following described portion of the Old Los

Angles Highway (commonly known as the Mormon Trail), in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, to wit:

Beginning at the southerly City Limits of the City of
Las Vegas at a point in the southwest quarter of the
Southwest quarter of Section 3, Township 218, Range
61 E., and extending northerly to a point on the easterly
line of South Fifth Street,

be and the same is hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The only bid received for a pickup truck was opened, and the
Clark County Wholesale stated they could not bid.

An Ordinance entitled "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO
AMEND SECTIONS 2e AND 8 OF ORDINANCE NO. 264, THE LAS VEGAS
ZONING ORDINANCE, AS AMENDED BY SECTIONS 1 and 2 OF ORDINANCE NO.
300." heretofore referred to a committee composed of Commissioners
Baskin and Corradetti on the 29th day of October for report at
this meeting, and having reported favorably, said ordinance was
read to the Board for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that Ordinance No. 309 be
approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE
BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS OF NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS IN THE
AGGREGATE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF ONE HUNDRED FORTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
($140,000.00) FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONSTRUCTING A POLICE STATION
IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND THE NECESSARY FACILITIES FOR SAID
POLICE STATION: PRESCRIBING THE TERMS THEREOF AND PROVIDING FOR THE
LEVY AND COLLECTION OF AN ANNUAL TAX THEREFOR," having been 

referred to a committee composed of Commissioners Baskin and 

Corradetti on the 29th day of October, 1945 for recommendation and
said committee having reported favorably on the proposed ordinance
as amended, it was read aloud to the Board for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that said Ordinance be
approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following resolution be approved:
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has entered into
several contracts for the furnishing of equipment in
connection with Project No. 26-130-N, and

WHEREAS, all equipment has been received in a
satisfactory condition in connection with the 

following contracts;

Acceptance Date

Contract #2	Eureka Fire Hose Co.	$540.00	10-21-44

Contract #10	Armanko Office Supply	500.00	9-25-45

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas does hereby accept
Contracts No. 2 and 10 as being completed as of the above specified dates.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting recess until 3:00
P.M. November 8.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Las Vegas, Nevada
November 8, 1945

Pursuant to its recess taken at the regular meeting of the 7th,
the Board reconvened on the 8th at the hour of 3 p.m. in the
Commissioners' Room in the War Memorial Building with the 

following members present: Mayor E. W. Cragin: Commissioners Baskin,

Bate , Clark, Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; City
Attorney C. Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF
NEVADA, TO BORROW, NOT TO EXCEED ONE HUNDRED SIXTY THOUSAND
DOLLARS ($160,000.00) ON THE CREDIT OF THE CITY BY ISSUING 

NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONSTRUCTING TWO MUNICIPALLY
OWNED SWIMMING POOLS AND INCIDENTAL FACILITIES THERETO: TO ISSUE
AND SELL GENERAL OBLIGATION BONDS FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS 

SPECIFYING THE TERMS THEREOF: PROVIDING FOR THE SALE OF SAID BONDS AND
REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARK OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT 

HEREWITH, AND PARTICULARLY REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 296 OF THE CITY OF
IAS VEGAS FINALLY APPROVED AND ADOPTED THE 6TH DAY OF APRIL, 1945,"
which having been referred to a committee composed of commissioners
Bates and Clark for report at this time, and being reported 

favorably as amended, said ordinance was read aloud to the board for the
first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that adoption of said ordinance
on ist first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that that certain motion relating to
the vacation of the alley in back of the El Cortez Hotel 

appearing in the minutes of November 7, 1945, be rescinded and the City
Manager instructed to notify the petitioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time. Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until
November 21, 1945 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 21, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 21st
day of November, 1945, Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the following members present;
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti:	City Attorney C.

Norman Cornwall:	City Manager, T. E. Fennessy: and City Clerk, Helen

Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 594, 600 to 607 

inclusive and 610, in the net sum of $14,857.77 be approved and the Mayor,
City Clerk, and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners B skin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos.

608 and 609 in the sum of $6,372.42 be approved and the Mayor, City
Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be authorized to start
condemnation proceedings on the property on North First Street 

described as follows:

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

POLICE STATION
LOCATION

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
NO. 311

VACATION OF ALLEY
In back of El Cortez
"Beginning at a point which is the Northeast
corner of Lot Nine (9), Block Two (2), Park
View Addition, to the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, as such appears on the Records in
the Office of the County Recorder in Book One
(1) of Plats, Page Forty-one (41); thence
North 62° 15’ West, a distance of Three
Hundred sixty (360) feet to the North west
Corner of Lot Twenty-four (24), Block One
(1) of said subdivision; thence North 27°

45' East, a distance of Two hundred (200)
feet, to a point; thence south 62° 15' East,
a distance of Three hundred sixty (360) feet
to a point on the Westerly margin of the alley
appearing in Block Two (2) of said 

subdivision; thence South Twenty-seven (27° 45’) West,
a distance of Two hundred (200) feet along the
Westerly margin of said alley to the point of
beginning."

which is to be the location of the new police station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin. On the question Commissioner
Corradetti stated that the reason he passed his vote for building
the Police Station on the location picked out by the Board was that
it would cost the City $60,000.00 more than if they would use the
location now available to them at the present site.

Thereafter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voted
aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City make plans to secure boughs
from Charleston Park and arrange with the Electrical Department to
string lights, they now have on hand, on Fremont Street for 

Christmas decoration, and that the City will cooperate with any other
organization who have planned to decorate the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming applications be
granted:

L.	P.	Lawrence	Beacon Shop	112	North	Third Street	3	Slot	machines

L.	R.	Schway	Esquire Bar	120	South	Second Street	4	Slot	machines

L.	R.	Schway	Esquire Bar	120	South	Second Street	Retail	Tavern Liquor

L.	P.	Lawrence	Kings Kastle	115	North	First Street	3	Slot	machines

M.	T. Shorie	Frontier Club	117	Fremont Street	1	Big "6"

Joe Alexa	Club Savoy	118	Fremont Street	8	slot machines

Harry Levy	Market Spot	117	Carson Street	1	slot machine

L. P. Lawrence	Standard Market	602 South Fifth Street	3 slot machine

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Sam Stearns at 113
North 1st Street for one roulette table be denied.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the Board of
Plumbing Examinors that Mr. George Treem be appointed Plumbing
Inspector in conjunction with Superintendent of Sanitation for the
City of Las Vegas at a salary of $275.00 per month be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the matter of vacating an alley in
Block 14 of Valley View Addition be referred to the Planning Commission
for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye;noes, none.	

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE BY
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS OF ITS NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS IN THE AGGREGATE
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF ONE HUNDRED FORTY THOUSAND ($140,000.00) DOLLARS
FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONSTRUCTING A POLICE STATION FOR THE USE OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS AND NECESSARY FACILITIES FOR SAID POLICE STATION,
DESCRIBING THE TERMS THEREOF AND PROVIDING FOR THE LEVY AND COLLECTION
OF TAX THEREFOR," was read to the Board for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that Ordinance No. 310 be approved
and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

DECORATION OF FREMONT

Street — Christmas

GAMING & LIQUOR
APPLICATIONS

GAMING APPLICATION
Sam Stearns

SUPERINTENDENT OF
SANITATION & PLUMBING
INSPECTOR

VACATION - Alley Block
14 - Valley View Add’n

ORDINANCE #310
Adopted
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners is
hereby authorized and directed to immediately mail to the State Board of Finance,
at Carson City, Nevada, a copy of the notice of sale.

RESOLUTION

Police

Bond

Commissioner Bates Introduced and moved the adoption of the
following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, at the general election held on Tuesday, the 8th day of May,

1945, there was authorized the issuance of $140,000 of general obligation
bonds for the construction of a Police Station and Facilities in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and it is the opinion of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that these bonds should be sold as soon as
legally possible.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Clerk of the Board of City
Commissioners be authorized and instructed to have published notice of sale of
said $140,000.00 of bonds in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, for a period of one a
week for four consecutive weeks immediately following its adoption, which notice of sale
shall be in substantially the following form, to-wit;

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

$140,000.00

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

POLICE STATION BONDS

Notice Is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will on the 28th day of December_________________,

1945 at the hour of _______2:00_________ o'clock p.m. at the City office in Las Vegas,

Nevada, receive sealed bids, and publicly open same, for the purchase of City
of Las Vegas Police Station Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $140,000.00,
to be designated "Las Vegas Police Station Bonds."

Said bonds will be in the denomination of $1,000 each, shall bear the date
of January 1, 1946, shall bear interest at a rate of not more than 6% per annum
payable semi-annually January 1 and July 1, of each year, both principal and 

interest being payable at the office of the City Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada;
to mature serially in twenty equal annual installments of $7,000.00 each, 

commencing January 1, 1947, to and Including January 1, 1966.

Bidders are required to submit offers specifying:

(a)	The lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par at which
said bidder will purchase such bonds; or

(b)	The lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said
bonds at par.

The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the
right of the Board to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor
will any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

All bids shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be
accompanied by a deposit of five per cent, either cash or certified check, of
the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if
the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said
bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his
deposit shall be forfeited to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and in that event the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid; or
if all bids are rejected the Board of City Commissioners may readvertise said
bonds for sale. If there are two or more equal bids and such bids are the best
bids received, and are not less than par and accrued interest, the Board of City
Commissioners will determine which bid shall be accepted.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 21st day of November 1945.
City Commissioner	Baskin______________ seconded the adoption of the

foregoing resolution, ana the same on being put to a vote, was unanimously carried
by the affirmative vote of all Commissioners present, the vote being as follows:

E. W. Cragin	Mayor	"aye"

Baskin_______________ Commissioner	"aye"

Bates________________ Commissioner	"aye"

Clark________________ Commissioner	"aye"

Corradetti__________ Commissioner	"aye"

Adopted and Approved, this 21st day of November, 1945.



LAW CLERK

Commissioner Clark moved that the City approve the classification
of Lav; Clerk at $200.00 a month to assist the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until
December 7, 1945 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 7th day of December 1945. Meeting called to order by his
honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M, with the 

following members present: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall; City Manager T. E.
Fennessy; City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of November 7, 8, and
21 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims No. 612 to 620 

inclusive in the net sum of §16,887.24 be approved and the Mayor,
City Clerk, and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City approve the recommendation
of the Planning Commission regarding the vacation of that certain
alley in Block 14, Valley View Addition for Swimming Pool purposes
and direct the City Clerk to have notice of intention to vacate
published once as provided by law, setting the hearing as of
December 21, 1945 at 2 P.M.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

VACATION—Alley Block

14 Valley View Addition
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has entered into several contracts for the furnishing
of equipment in connection with Project No. 26-130-n, and

WHEREAS, all equipment has been received in a satisfactory condition in connection
with the following contract:

Acceptance Date

Contract #3	Eureka Fire Hose Co.	$2200.00	11-10-45

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas does hereby accept Contract #3 as
being completed as of the above specified date.

The foregoing motion was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



RESCIND MOTION OF 11-7-45'

RE:	Vacation of Alley,

Block 14, Valley View
Addition

POLICE STATION SITE

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS

GAMING APPLICATIONS 
Granted



GAMING APPLICATION -
Denied

PETITION FOR VACATION OF
CERTAIN STREETS & ALLEYS
BY School Board





MINUTES OF PLUMBING
EXAMINING BOARD

C. C. C. BUILDING 
RESOLUTION - Fire Station

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that that certain motion made and passed
on November 7, 1945 directing the City Clerk to post notice of
intention to vacate that certain alley in Block 14 of Valley View
Addition be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City offer the owners of the land
where the City desires to erect the new Police Station the sum of
$9,000.00 on terms and conditions to be agreed upon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Commissioners Bates and Corradetti passed their vote.

Reports of the Building Inspector, Electrical Inspector, and Police
Department for the month of November 1945 were presented to the
Board and were ordered filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Jack Weisberger for
one slot machine at Tommie's Cafe, 415 Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
voter Commissioner Bates, Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Sam Stearns at
113 North 1st Street for one roulette wheel be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of the Board of
Education, as contained in the excerpt from the minutes of this
Board of Education held the 28th of November, 1945 for the
vacation of certain streets and alleys; i/e.

1.	Lewis Street from Eighth to Ninth

2.	Eighth Street from Bridger to Clark

3.	Ninth Street from Lewis to Clark

4.	Alley between Eighth and Ninth Streets from Bridger to

Clark.

5.	The Alley between Ninth and Tenth Streets from Lewis to

Clark.

be referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented the Minutes of the Plumbing Examining
Board for November 9th and 15th, which were ordered filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City allow the Boy's Club
"Avietes" the use of one C. C. C. Building located on City
property to be selected by the Board of City Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Bates who
moved its adoption:
Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the Recreation
Board that Miss Wooley be reappointed as a member of said Board,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE BOARD OF
COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF
NEVADA TO BORROW NOT TO EXCEED $160,000.00 ON THE CREDIT OF THE
CITY BY ISSUING ITS NEGOTIABLE COUPON BONDS FOR THE PURPOSE OF
CONSTRUCTING TWO MUNICIPALLY OWNED SWIMMING POOLS AND INCIDENTAL
FACILITIES THERETO; TO ISSUE AND SELL GENERAL OBLIGATION BONDS OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, SPECIFYING THE TERMS THEREOF; PROVIDING FOR
THE SALE OF SAID BONDS AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH AND PARTICULARLY ORDINANCE NO. 296
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, FINALLY APPROVED AND ADOPTED THE 6th
DAY OF APRIL, 1945," was read to the Board for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing Ordinance be
adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates introduced and moved the adoption of the
following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there has been authorized by ordinance duly enacted by the Board of City
commissioners, the issuance of $160,000.00 of general obligation bonds for the construction
of swimming pools in the City of Las Vegas, and it is the opinion of the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that these bonds should be sold As soon as
legally possible.	

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners
be authorized and instructed to have published notice of sale of said $160,000.00 of bonds
in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, for a period of once a week for four consecutive weeks immediately following

its adoption, which notice of sale shall be in substantially the following form, to-wit;

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

$16,000.00

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, SWIMMING POOL BONDS
Series of 1947-1966

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, will on the 7th day of January, 1946, at the hour of 2:00 o'clock p.m.,
at the City Office in Las Vegas, Nevada, receive sealed bids, and publicly open same, for the
purchase of City of Las Vegas Swimming Pool Bonds in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding
$160,000, to bear interest at a rate not to exceed 4% per annum, to bear date of January 1, 1946,
to be in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, to mature $8,000 on January 1, 1947; $8,000 on January
1, 1948; $8,000 on January 1, 1949; $8,000 on January 1, 1950; $8,000 on January 1, 1951;

$8,000 on January 1, 1952; $8,000 on January 1, 1953; $8,000 on January 1, 1954; $8,000 on
January 1, 1955; $8,000 on January 1, 1956; $8,000 on January 1, 1957; $8,000 on January 1,

1958; $8,000 on January 1, 1959; $8,000 on January 1, 1960; $8,000 on January 1, 1961;

$8,000 on January 1, 1962; $8,000 on January 1, 1963; $8,000 on January 1, 1964; $8,000 on
January 1, 1965; $8,000 on January 1, 1966. In the event that the cost of construction of
the two swimming pools to be constructed from the proceeds from the sale of these bonds is
less than $160,000.00, the number of bonds to be issued shall be reduced by a number equal
to the last full $1,000 of said reduction, and shall be applied to the series in the reverse
order of their maturity. The bonds are to be designated "Las Vegas Swimming Pool Bonds,

Series of 1947-1966".

Bidders are required to submit offers specifying:

(a)	The lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par at which said
bidder will purchase such bonds; or

(b)	The lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at

par.

The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of
the Board to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will
any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be
sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of five
per cent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned
if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete
the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount
of his deposit shall be forfeited to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

RECREATION BOARD



ORDINANCE NO. 311



RESOLUTION - Swimming
Pool Bond Issue
Clark County, Nevada, and in that event the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las V©gas
may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid; or if all bids are rejected the Board
of City Commissioners may readvertise said bonds for sale. If there are two or more equal
bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than par and accrued interest,
the Board of City Commissioners will determine which bid shall be accepted.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 7th day of December, 1945.

s/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

s/ Helen Scott Reed

Clerk, City of Las Vegas, Nevada	(SEAL)

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners is hereby
authorized and directed to immediately mail to the State Board of Finance, at Carson City,
Nevada, a copy of the notice of sale.

City Commissioner Clark seconded the adoption of the foregoing resolution, and the
same on being put to vote, was unanimously carried by the affirmative vote of all Commissioners
present, the vote being as follows:

E. W. Cragin	Mayor	"Aye”

Baskin	Commissioner	"Aye"

Bates	Commissioner	"Aye”

Clark	Commissioner	"Aye"

Corradetti	Commissioner	"Aye"

Adopted and approved, this 7th day of December, 1945.

s/ E. W. Cragin

ATTEST:	Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

s/ Helen Scott Reed

Clerk, City of Las Vegas, Nevada
(SEAL)



SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 621

WARRANTS	to 625 inclusive in the sum of $13,423.40 and No. 611 in the sum

of $200.00, be approved and the Mayor, City Clerk, and Comptroller
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until
Monday night, December 10th at the hour of 7:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

December 10, 1945

Not a Quorom so no meeting held.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 22, 1946

At a regularmeeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd
day of December, 1945. Meeting Called to order by His Honor Mayor E.W.
Cragin at the hour of 10 a.m. with the following members present:	

Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy;
City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of December 7, 1945 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.
Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 627 to 634 inclusive in
the net sum of $12,230.00 be approved and the Mayor, City Clerk, and 

Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 626 and
635 to 637 inclusive in the sum of $4,185.63 be approved and the Mayor,
City Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the agreement with Mr. Michelas for
furnishing water for the South Meadows Park, ie, "The Plaza" be 

approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that that certain motion made December 7,

1945, re: "Vacation of Alley in Block 14, Valley View Addition,"
be rescinded and the City Clerk ordered to post notice of intention
to vacate and set hearing for February 7, 1946 at the hour of 2:30
P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that that certain petition filed by three
property owners requesting the vacation of certain alleys in that
part of Block 2 of Mea dows Addition lying west of Highway 91 be
referred to the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and Carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On Motion of Commissioner Clark and duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was 

adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of December, 1945 by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Has Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 15th day
of November, 1945 executed by E. E. Strong to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the
purpose and intentions as therein set forth.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City allow an expenditure of not
to exceed Fifty Dollars for the purpose of hooking up the sewer for
Mr. Strong.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City grant Mr. Neeley a lease for
the 40 acres he requests if he will release 125 acres to the City as
agreed upon. Further that if said agreement is made that the old
lease be cancelled and a new lease drawn up thereby releasing M.E.

Leavitt from original lease.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.



WES NEELEY LEASE

 PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

AGREEMENT -

Water for "THE PLAZA"



RESCIND MOTION —

Re:	Block 14,

Valley View Addn.



PETITION TO VACATE--
Meadows Addition



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED
Commissioner Bates moved that the Veteran's Service Coordinating
Committee be given office space in the old Fire Station site and
that the City Manager be instructed to cooperate with the 

Committee and assist them in any way possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the agreement to furnish fire 

fighting equipment to Clark County be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Mr. George H. Wood be notified
that the City accepts his contract for services as consultant
and Auditor for the year 1946 in an amount not to exceed $2,500.00
based on the following rates:

Supervising Senior, in charge	$35.00	per	day

Senior Accountants	30.00	"	"

Semi-Senior Accountants	25.00	"	"

Junior Accountants	20.00	"	"

Office Assistants, preparation and

report work	15.00	"	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be instructed to
write a letter to the Federal Works Agency, offering them $3,000.00
a year and all outside rentals for rent of the sewerage system.

Said rental to apply on the purchase price.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that Leo Callihan be paid the difference
between his Nevada Industrial Insurance and his salary up to and
including December 31, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This Board having heretofore accepted the Master Plan for the City
of Las Vegas and said plan called for certain improvements on 12th
Street, known as "Maryland Parkway" between Charleston Boulevard
on the North and running to the North City Limits of the City of
Las Vegas, part of said improvements being the widening of Maryland
Parkway;

BE IT RESOLVED by this Board on motion duly made by 

Commissioner Bates and seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, that this
Board does hereby rescind that part and strike from the faster Plan
the widening and condemnations on this street because the widening
and condemnations necessary to complete this project entails 

considerable money; that this Board is faced with immediate 

expenditures of money for the health and safety of the citizens of Las
Vegas and any money that can be spared from our budget for the
next five years must go for these necessary improvements and 

further we feel it unfair to the owners of property on this street
to be held up awaiting action of this board.

Motion carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to
contact Mr. Campbell and offer him $10,000.00 for the land to be
used for a Police Station site.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

Commissioner Bates passed his vote; and Commissioner Corradetti
voted no.

Commissioner Bates moved that the proposed ordinance submitted by
a public accountant for consideration be referred to the City 

Attorney.

VETERAN'S COORDINATING 
COUNCIL

AGREEMENT—Fire Pro-
tection to Clark
County

GEORGE H. WOOD 
Contract

SEWER RENTAL

SALARY—Leo Callihan

MASTER PLAN - Maryland
Parkway Improvements

POLICE STATION SITE 





PROPOSED ORDINANCE *
Public Accountants
EMERGENCY ORDINANCE
No. 312

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled, "AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE DEFINING GARBAGE
RUBBISH, AND DEAD ANIMALS, REGULATING THE COLLECTION AND 

DISPOSAL OF GARBAGE, RUBBISH, DIRT AND DEAD ANIMALS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS; TO FEES TO BE PAID THEREFOR, AND MATTERS RELATING
THERETO AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF PROVISIONS
THEREOF, AND REPEALING ORDINANCES No. 138 and 267 AND PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH," was read to the Board for the
first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the 

foregoing ordinance on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; Commissioners Bates and Corradetti voted no.

Thereafter the said emergency ordinance was read for a second
time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the said 

ordinance which was seconded by Commissioner Baskin with the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bates and Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting 

recess until December 28, at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 28, 1945

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada met in
recessed regular session pursuant to due legal notice and call
at the regular meeting place of said Board in Las Vegas, Nevada
on the 28th day of December, 1945 at the hour of 2 O'clock P. M.
The following members of the Board of City Commissioners were
present:	E. W. Cragin, Mayor; R. Baskin, Commissioner; C.,R.

Clark, Commissioner; A. Corradetti, Commissioner. Absent:

Walter Bates, Commissioner. Also present:	Helen Scott Reed,

City Clerk.

His Honor, E. W. Cragin, called the meeting to order and stated
that in accordance with the provisions of a resolution passed
by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada on November 21, 1945, that there had been published in
full compliance with law, a notice advertising for sale
$140,000.00 of General Obligation Bonds. Such notice of sale
being as follows:

NOTICE of SALE
of

$140,000.00

CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
POLICE STATION BONDS

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will on the 28th day of December, 1945, at the hour
of 2:00 o'clock P. M. at the City office in Las Vegas, Nevada, receive sealed bids,
and publicly open same, for the purchase of City of Las Vegas Police Station Bonds
in the aggregate principal amount of $140,000.00 to be designated "Las Vegas Police
Station Bonds."

BIDS - Police Station
Bonds
Said bonds will be in the denomination of $1,000 each, shall bear the date
of January 1, 1946, shall bear interest at a rate of not more than 6% per annum, 

payable semi-annually January 1, and July 1 of each year, both principal and interest
being payable at the office of the City Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada; to mature
serially in twenty equal annual installments of $7,000.00 each, commencing January
1, 1947, to and including January 1, 1966.

Bidders are required to submit offers specifying:

(a)	The lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par at which said
bidder will purchase such bonds; or

(b)	The lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds
at par.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest
nor will any discount of commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

All bids shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be 

accompanied by a deposit of five per cent, either cash or certified check, of the
amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the
successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds 

within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit shall
be forfeited to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and in that event the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid; or if all bids are
rejected the Board of City Commissioners may readvertise said bonds for sale. If
there are two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are
not less than par and accrued interest, the Board of City Commissioners will 

determine which bid shall be accepted.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 21st day of November, 1945.

(SEAL)

s/ E. W. CRAGIN

ATTEST:	Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada



 

s/ HELEN SCOTT REED,

Clerk, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners
is hereby authorized and directed to immediately mail to the State Board of Finance,
at Carson City, Nevada, a copy of the notice of sale.

City Commissioner Baskin seconded the adoption of the foregoing resolution,
and the same on being put to a vote, was unanimously carried by the affirmative vote 
of all Commissioners present, the vote being as follows:

E. W. Cragin	Mayor	"Aye"

Baskin	Commissioner	"Aye"

Bates	Commissioner	"Aye"

Clark	Commissioner	"Aye"

Corradetti	Commissioner	"Aye"

Adopted and Approved, this 21st day of November, 1945.

(SEAL)	s/ E. W. CRAGIN

Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

ATTEST:

HELEN SCOTT REED,

Clerk, City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

 

With proof of publication thereof being attached hereto and made
a part hereof, and being as follows:

AFFIDAVIT of PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS .

COUNTY of CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is foreman of

LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Notice of
Sale of $140,000.00 was published in said newspaper for a period of 4 times from
November 25, 1945 to December 16, 1945 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit:

November 25, December 2, 9, 16, 1945.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above
named. That the legal charge for publishing said legal notice was $64.50.

s/ Dick Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of December, 1945.

s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada

My Commission Expires January 12, 1947.



His Honor, the Mayor, stated that this was the time and place 

designated in such notice of sale for the opening of bids for the
purchase of such bonds, and the City Clerk was authorized and
instructed to open and read said bids, which were as follows:

December 28, 1945

Honorable Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada:

Gentlemen:

As per your notice of sale for $140,000 Las Vegas, Nevada, general obligation Police
Station Bonds, dated January 1, 1946, bearing interest at the rate of 1-1/2% per 

annum payable semi-annually January 1 and July 1 of each year at the office of the City
Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada; maturing serially without option of prior payment
$7,000.00 each year commencing January 1, 1947 to and including January 1, 1966, we
will pay upon delivery of the bonds to us their par value, plus accrued interest from
the date of the bonds to date of delivery to us, plus a premium of $1,000.00.

You agree to deliver to us at the time we take up and pay for the bonds, the favorable
approving opinion of Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson, bond attorneys of Denver,
Colorado. If you desire, you may deliver these bonds to us at any time on or before
July 1, 1946.

Attached is our Cashier's Check payable to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of $7,150.00, being or more of the amount of our bid, which check is to be
held as an evidence of our good faith in this transaction, and applied as part 

payment on the bonds when they are delivered to us in accordance with the terms of our
bid therefor. If our bid is rejected, or if the bond attorneys fail to issue their
approving opinion as to the legality of the bonds, you agree to promptly return our
check to us.

Respectfully submitted,

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA
Reno, Nevada

By s/ C. Wengert____________

Vice President

Mr. Cyril S. Wengert who was present as a representative of the
First National Bank of Nevada also stated that if the City did
not use the whole $140,000.00 that they would be willing to 

accept the amount necessary to build the said station.

After careful consideration by the Board of City Commissioners of
the bid, Commissioner Clark introduced and moved the adoption of
the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, in response to official advertising for bids on $140,000.00 Las
Vegas, Nevada, Police Station Bonds, it has been determined that the bid of the First
National Bank of Nevada of Reno, Nevada is the highest, best and most advantageous
bid received for the purchase of said bonds, and that it is to the advantage of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and the taxpayers thereof, that the formal acceptance of said bids be
continued to the recessed regular meeting to beheld Wednesday, January 2, 1946 at the
hour of 2 P.M. of said day.
Commissioner Baskin seconded the motion with the following vote;
Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Contract with Mr. J.J. Peelan
for the Collection of Garbage be extended another Quarter at the
same rates plus one-half of the additional revenue for said 

collection; and that payment be made on a monthly basis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE DEFINING GARBAGE, RUBBISH,
DIRT AND DEAD ANIMALS, REGULATING THE COLLECTION AND DISPOSAL OF
GARBAGE, RUBBISH, DIRT AND DEAD ANIMALS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:
TO FEES TO BE PAID THEREFOR, AND MATTERS RELATING THERETO AND
PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND
REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 138 and 2657 AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN
CONFLICT HEREWITH," was read to the Board by title and referred
to the following Committee for report at the next regular meeting:
Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be directed to have
posted notice of intention to vacate Lewis Street between 8th
and 9th streets and the alleys in Blocks 13 and 18, all in
Pioneer Heights and Wardie Addition, as recommended by the 

Planning Commission and that said hearing be set for February 7,

1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following Taxi Applications be
granted:

Boulder Taxi	Lee Spiers	2 cabs

Yellow Cab Co. of Nevada	A.	L.	Riddle	28	"

Tanner Motor Tours of	Nev.	C.	F.	Shaw, Mgr.	19	"

Vegas Transit Company	L.M. Williamson, Bkkpr. 12	"

Union Cab Company	C.	W.	Lane	2	"

Blue Cab	V.	Whittlesea	12	"

Further that the Cab owners be notified that only 12 cabs can
be on the street at any one time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of T. L. Moore for
one cab be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

Commissioner Corradetti voted no. Absent ; Commissioner Bates.



GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Clark moved that the following renewals of gaming 

Renewals	applications be granted:

Fremont Tavern, James Fare	105 So. 1st	3	slots

Ethel's #1	28 Fremont	1	slot

Ethel's #2	409 Fremont	1	Slot

Mark's Food Company	1500 Fremont	6	slots

Charleston Grocery	19 W. Charleston	3	slots

Cork-N-Bottle	508	Fremont	3	slots

Snyders Grocery	300	W. Bonanza	4	slots

Playland, George Parry	129	So. 1st	55	slots

Christie's Steak House	122	So. 1st	4	slots

Tom's Liquor Store	1027 So. Main	2	slots

Las Vegas Liquor Store	812 Fremont St.	1	slot

Doc's	1200 South Main	2	slots

Westside Tavern	206	Wilson	4	slots

Las Vegas Bowling & Recreation Center 125	South 2nd	8	slots

Silver Club	108	North 1st	2	"21" Games

1	Crap

1	Roulette

Smith's Hamburger Stand	324½ Fremont	5	slots

Orange Julius	405 Fremont	5	slots

Stephens Market	729 South 5th	3	slots

Betty's Cafe	1039 South Main	3	slots

Frontier Club	117 Fremont	37	Slots

3	crap

4	"21" games

2	Roulette
1 Pan

5	poker

1 Race Horse Keno
1 Keno

1 Race Horse Book
1 Big Six

George Knipp Tire shop	1711 Fremont	1 slot

GARBAGE CONTRACT --
J.J. Peelan

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 313

VACATION—Lewis Street
Alley, Block 13 & 18,
Pioneer Heights and
Wardie Addition



TAXI APPLICATIONS
John Anton Grocery, J. Weisberger	300	Fremont	2	slots

Mike McMullen Gas Station,

J. Weisberger	300	Fremont	2	slots

Sal Sagev Cafe	Main	and	Fremont	2	slots

Sal Sagev Hotel	Main	and	Fremont	3	slots

City Drug, Frank Bollig	231	Fremont	5	slots

Cut Rate Liquor Store	132	South 5th	2	slots

Mike's Liquor store	106	Fremont	4	slots

Food Center	700	Fremont	5	slots

Foreign Club	111	North 1st	2	slots

Overland Hotel	Main	and	Fremont	2	slots

John's Desert Inn, J. Anton	1507	South 5th	1	slot

Tommy's	407	Fremont	3	slots

Silver Club	108	North 1st	2	slots

Silver Cafe	106	North 1st	4	slots

Golden Camel	110	North 1st	4	slots

Virginia Barrett Cafe	925	Fremont	1	slot

Rex Club	123	Fremont	23	slots

1	crap

2	"21" games
2 Roulette

1 Pan

Golden Nugget	2nd	and Fremont	1	pan

1 crap

Ace Tavern	111	South 1st	16	slots

Fremont Arcade	101	Fremont	1	crap

1 "21" game
34 Slots

Slot Machine	103	Fremont	35	Slots

Southwestern Liquor Store (new owner)

(Paul Brown)1st	and Carson	3	slots

Cotton Club	500	Jackson	6	slots

1	"21" game

2	poker

1 Race Horse Keno
1 crap

Wimpy's	210	Fremont	3	slots

Sills	5th	and Charleston	4	slots

Nevada Biltmore	600	North Main	17	slots

1	crap

2	"21" games
1 Roulette

Tip's Cafe	1516 South 5th	2	slots

Log Cabin Bar	122 North 1st	3	slots

Oppedyke Jersey Dairy	1000 North Main	1	slot

Busy Bee Cafe	105	North 1st	2	slots

Boulder Liquor Store	423	Fremont	4	slots

Esquire Bar	120	South 2nd St.	4	slots

Club Savoy	116	Fremont	8	slots

1 crap

1	roulette

2	"21" games
8 slots

Sam's Cafe	320 Fremont	6	slots

Monte Carlo	15 Fremont	18 slots

1 crap
1 "21" game
1 Roulette

Brown Derby	320	Monroe	4	slots

State Cafe	20 Fremont	4	slots

Earl's Place	501 Jackson	2	poker

1 "21"

1	crap

Nevada Bar	115	North 1st	4	slots

El Cortez Hotel ( Lobby)	600	Fremont	14	slots

(	Dining	Room)	3	slots

(	Bar )	4	slots

(	Casino	)	11	slots

2	"21" games
1 Roulette

1	Crap

Sewells	307	Fremont	2	slots

Smith's Drive Inn	331	Stewart	2	slots

Larnin's Drug	812	South 5th	3	slots

Recreation Tavern	123	South 2nd	4	slots

Tivoli Tavern	126	North 1st	3	slots

B and H Grocery	402	W. Bonanza	2	slots

Gordon W. Potter Liquor Store	727	South 5th	2	slots

The Market Spot	117	Carson	5	slots

Las Vegas Tavern	19 Fremont	7	slots

Las Vegas Club	23 Fremont	29 Slots

2	craps

4 "21" games
2 Big Six
1 Race Horse Keno
1 Faro

1	Race Horse

2	Poker
1 Pan

1 Bridge

Eight Ball Bar	117 North 1st	8 slots
Lido Bar	107 North 1st	4 slots

Apache Bar & Cocktail	2nd and Fremont	10 slots

1	slot

Apache Hotel	I slots

Mae's 1st Street Grocery	631 South 1st	1	slot

Oklahoma Cafe	220 North 1st	3	slots

Mom's Lunch	1400 Fremont	2	slots

Spic 'N Span	124½ North 1st	3	slots

Rex Turf Club, Dave Stearns	128 Fremont	1	race horse book

Pioneer Cocktail Lounge	25	Fremont	7	slots

Pioneer Club	25 Fremont	38	Slots

2	pan

5	poker

1	race hose keno

6	"21" games

2	roulette

3	craps

1 Faro

Boulder Club	118-120 Fremont	33	slots

1 pan

1 poker

1 race horse keno

1	tango

2	roulette

3	craps

1 faro

1 Big Six

4	"21" games

1	race horse book

Boulder Club-Tavern	122 Fremont	4	slots

Orton’s Grill	121 South 5th	3	slots

Lee’s Drive Inn	10th and Fremont	2	slots

Edmonds Associated Station	5th and Carson	1	slot

Professional Pharmacy	421 Fremont	4	slots

Adams Grocery	120 North 9th	1	slot

Silver State Texaco Station	8th and Fremont	1	slot

Tivoli Bar	126 North 1st	1	slot

Low Price Market	131 North Main	1	slot

Belverdere Grocery	H and Harrison	1	slot

Standard Market	    602 South 5th	3 slots

The Beacon Shop	112 North 3rd	3	slots

Kings Kastle	119 North 1st	3	slots

Fremont Tavern	105 First, So.	4	slots

Prime Meats & Provisions	820 South 5th	4	slots

Silver State Newsstand	117 South 2nd	3	slots

Jimmie’s Bar	807 South Main	3	slots

Thrifty Market	1st and Charleston	3	slots

Rex Bar	128 South 1st	2	slots

Dick's Bar	118 North 1st	2	slots

Fifth Street Cafe	1505 South 5th	2 slots

Sal Sagev Tavern	Main and Fremont	8	slots

Las Vegas Tavern	Main and Fremont	8	slots

Overland Bar	Main and Fremont	4	slots

Tom's Liquor Store	1027 South Main	1	slots

El Morocco Bar	E and Jackson	1	slot

Earl’s Club	E and Jackson	1	slot

Cotton Club	E and Jackson	1	slot

Westside Tavern	B and Wilson	3	slots

Pearl's Cafe	224 North 1st	2	slots

Prescription Pharmacy	814 Fremont	1	slot

Virginia Cafe	925 Fremont	1	slot

Ball Grocery	404 South 2nd	2	slots

Dew Drip Inn	D and Jackson	4	slots

Westside Cafe	E and Madison	2	slots

Shady Rest Cafe	F and Jackson	1	slot

Boulder Drug Company	121 Fremont	7	slots

El Morocco Tavern	E and Jackson	3	slots

2	poker

1 crap

Modern Food Shop	315 Fremont	2	slots

Town Barbecue	506 Fremont	3	Slots

White Spot Cafe	109 Fremont	8	slots

Fred’s Liquor Store, Fred Kennedy	2nd and Bridger	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Basin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

	Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent-Commissioner Bates.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Clark moved that the following applications for

Renewals	renewals of liquor licenses be granted:

TAVERNS

Ace Bar	M. B. Abrams	111	South 1st

Ajax Co. - Playland Bar	George G. Parry	131	South 1st

Apache Bar	P. O. Silvagni	2nd	and Fremont

Boulder Club Bar	A. H. Stevenson, Jr.	118-20-22 Fremont

Club Savoy	M. B. Hicks	110	Fremont

Cotton Club	James Calbert	500	Jackson

Earl's Place	Earl Turman	501	Jackson

Eight Ball Bar	C. L. Bailey	117	North 1st

El Cortez Hotel	Moe Sedway	600	Fremont
El Morrocco	Prank Wilson	E and Jackson

Esquire Bar	L. H. Schway	120 South 2nd

Foreign Club	Walter Argyle	111 North 1st

Golden Camel Bar	Joe H. Morgan	110 North 1st

Golden Nugget	Guy McAfee	2nd and Fremont

Fremont Tavern Inc.	James Fare	105 South 1st

Las Vegas Tavern	J. K. Houssells	19 Fremont

Lido Bar	Anna Mae Weller 	107 North 1st

Log Cabin Bar	C. C. Griggs, Jr.	122 North 1st

Mandalay Bar	W. E. Greene	111 Fremont

Monte Carlo Club	M. H. Rosenthal	15 Fremont

Nevada Bar	D. H. Hall	115 First, North

Nevada Biltmore	G. E. Kinsey	600 North Main

Overland Bar	J. K. Houssells	2 Fremont

Pioneer Cocktail Lounge	M. B. Page	25 Fremont

Recreation Tavern	Herb Ward	123 South 2nd

Rex Bar	Mrs. Petitti	124 South 1st

Sal Sagev Tavern	J. K. Houssells	1 Fremont

Tivoli Tavern	J. B. Gaut	126 North 1st

RETAIL & RETAIL RESTAURANT BEVERAGE

Apache Bar (Beverage)	P. O. Silvagni	2nd & Fremont

Ball Grocery	&	Market	L.	E.	Ball	404	So. 2nd

Barney's 5th	Street	Grocery	B.	Zigtema	630	So. 5th

Betty's Cafe	L.	J.	Grossman	1039 So. Main

Bill's Lunch	O.	H.	Hillman	217	No. Main

B. & H. Grocery	Sam Lafer	402 W. Bonanza

Boulder Club	A. H. Stevenson, Jr.	118-20-22 Fremont

Brown Derby	P. L. Jeffers	320 Monroe

Charleston Grocery	A. R. Stowell	19 W. Charleston

Dick's Bar	Richard D. Gard	118 No. 1st

Doc's	E. M. Ladd	1200 So. Main

Do Drop Inn	Jake Ensley	1315 Jackson

Frontier Club	Guy McAfee	117 E. Fremont

Golden Nugget	Guy McAfee	2nd & Fremont

House of Murphy	E. Stephenson	1409 So. 5th

Jimmie's Bar	O. L. Christiernsson	807 So. Main

John's Desert Inn	John Anton	1503 So. 5th

Las Vegas Club	J. K. Houssells	23 Fremont

Lee's Drive Inn	Lee Mitchell	10th & Fremont

Mae's First Street Grocery	Mae N. Askew	631 So. 1st

Mom's Lunch	Phyllis Helm	1400 Fremont

Oklahoma Cafe	Ina Marie Ensley	221 No. 1st

Orton's Grill	V. P. Orton	121 So. 5th

Pearl's Cafe	Paralee Adams	224 No. 1st

Pioneer Beverage Bar	M. B. Page	25 Fremont

Safeway Stores Inc.	Kenneth Tinsley	122-24 So. 2nd

Sam's Cafe	John Katsaros	320 Fremont

Sewell's Store	A. H. Imming	3rd & Fremont

Sill's	Orpha Sill Miller	5th & Charleston

Shamrock Cafe	Paul E. Bommer	1501 So. 5th

Smith's Drive Inn	W. C. Askew	331 Stewart

State Cafe	M. C. Kress	20 Fremont

Standard Grocery	Blaine Johnson	602 So. 5th

Spic N Span Jr.	Morton Gondring	124½ No. 1st

Tip's Cafe	E. T. Rowe	1516 So. 5th

Town Barbecue	E. D. Ciliax	506 Fremont

Tommy's	Cy Adams	407 Fremont

Thrifty Market	Gus Klein	So. Main & Charleston

Virginia's Cafe	Virginia Barrett	917 Fremont

Westside Tavern	Johnnie Chewning	206 Wilson

White Spot Cafe	J. S. Pappas	109 Fremont

Wimpy's	Orpha Sill Miller	210 Fremont

WHOLESALE LIQUOR-BEVERAGE & IMPORTER'S

Coca-Cola Bottling Co.	E. O. Underhill	424 No. Main

DeLuca Importing Co.	J. DeLuca	723 No. Main

Las Vegas Distributing Co.	Jerry Masek	506 So. Main

Nevada Beverage Co.	Pat Clark	1212-16 So. 3rd

Roach Distributing Co.	Jack R. Roach	828 So. Main

SEALED PACKAGE LIQUOR (MINA.)

Boulder Liquor Store	Louis R. Schway	423 Fremont

Cork N'Bottle	E. Pizinger	508 Fremont

Cut Rate Liquor Store	Josie Dondich	132 So. 5th

Ethel's #1	Ethel Rapoport	28 Fremont

Ethel's #2	Ethel Rapoport	409 Fremont

Fred's Liquor Store	Fred Kennedy	201 Bridger

Las Vegas Liquor Store	C. M. Travis	812 Fremont

Mike's Liquor Store	S. J. Gordon	106 Fremont

Overland Liquor Store	J. K. Houssells	6 Fremont

Southwestern Liquor Store	P. E. Brown (New Owner)	1st & Carson
RETAIL PACKAGE LIQUOR

Fifth Street Liquor Store	K. & G. Potter	727 So. 5th

Food Center	Albert Goot		770 Fremont

Gilbert Bros. Grocery	C.V.T. Gilbert	314	Bonanza Road

Market Spot	Harry Levy	117	Carson

Mark's Food Co.	A.	Schulman	15th & Fremont

Prime Meats & Prov.	Al	Wendelboe	818-20 So. 5th

Save-Our-Way Drug	F.	A. Rhomberg	18 Fremont

Tom's Liquor Store	T.	E. Kirby	1027 So. Main

RETAIL CLUB LIQUOR

B.P.O.E. Club	O.	K. Adcock	3rd & Carson

CABARET

Nevada Biltmore	G.	E. Kinsey	600 No. Main

COCKTAIL LOUNGE

Apache Bar	P. O. Silvagni	2nd	& Fremont

El Cortez Hotel	Moe Sedway	600	Fremont

Nevada Biltmore	G. E. Kinsey	600	No. Main

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

TAXI APPLICATION --	Commissioner Clark made a motion to rescind his former motion

T.L. Moore	denying the application of T. L. Moore for a taxi license, and

now makes a motion that the application be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following salary scale be
approved for 1946:

 

1946 SALARY SCALE

1946

Board

JOB TITLE	Approval

CITY MANAGER

City Manager	$ 600.00

Secretary	200.00

CITY CLERK

City Clerk	300.00

Deputy	185.00

Deputy	170.00

COMPTROLLER

Comptroller	325.00

Auditor & Purchasing Agent	250.00

Deputy License Collectors	275.00

Bookkeeper	185.00

Asst. Bookkeeper	160.00

Clerk Typist	160.00

TREASURER

Deputy	185.00

PLANNING

Engineer	450.00

Asst. Engineer	350.00

Stenographer-Part time	25.00

ENGINEERING

City Engineer	450.00

Office Engineer	350.00

Asst. Engineer	300.00

Draftsman	275.00

Chief of Party	275.00

Corpsman .	180.00

Stenographer-Part time	75.00

Building Inspector	280.00

Asst. Building Inspectors	200.00

Electrical Inspector	275.00

SANITARY ENGINEER

Ex-Officio Plumbing Inspectors	275.00

Asst. Plumbing Inspector	185.00

Stenographer Clerk	150.00

POLICE

Chief	325.00

Inspector	300.00

Captain Detective	260.00

Captain Police	250.00

Sergeant Detective	240.00

Sergeant Police	230.00

Captain Identification	260.00
1946 Salary Scale (Cont'd)

1946

JOB TITLE	Board

Approval

POLICE (Cont'd)

Radio Technician	175.00

Detectives	220.00

Patrolman	210.00

Cook & Matron	160.00

Police Woman	200.00

Clerks	160.00

Poundmaster Deputy	200.00

Dog Catcher- Part time, 6 mo.	175.00

FIRE

Chief	325.00

Marshall	265.00

Captains	265.00

Engineer	265.00

Drivers	250.00

Firemen	240.00

Secretary	    160.00

STREET DEPARTMENT

Foreman	300.00

Asst. Foreman	250.00

Shovel Operator	250.00

Blade Operator	240.00

Broom Operator	225.00

Truck Drivers	185.00

Skilled Laborers	210.00

Laborers	175.00

SHOP DEPARTMENT	

Foreman			300.00

Mechanics	264.00

Oiler	190.00

Storekeeper & Timekeeper	225.00

Asst. Storekeeper	175.00

PARK

Superintendent	225.00

Laborers	175.00

LEGAL DEPARTMENT

City Attorney	300.00

Law Clerk	200.00

Law Secretary	200.00

Municipal Judge	150.00

Court Clerk	125.00

Stenographer - half time	80.00

ELECTRICAL DEPARTMENT

City Electrician	300.00

Foreman	270.00

Auxiliary Lineman	240.00

Linesman Helper 1st	210.00

Linesman Helper Apprentice	185.00

DISPOSAL PLANTS

Operators	200.00

Laborers	175.00

SEWER MAINTENANCE

Foreman	190.00

Asst. Foreman	185.00

Laborers	175.00

GARBAGE

Dump Man	150.00

MEMORIAL BUILDING

Janitor ($30.00 Charged to Library)	215.00

LIBRARY

Librarian	175.00

Asst. Librarian	150.00

Janitor	30.00

Part time assistance	50.00

RECREATION

Director	300.00

Asst. Director	150.00

Leader, 3 months	150.00

Miscellaneous (at hourly rates	1740.00

Ticket Sellers	100.00

Locker attendants	80.00

Life Guard	150.00

GOLF COURSE

Manager	200.00

Laborers	175.00


1946 Salary Scale (Cont'd)

1946

Board

JOB TITLE	Approval

CEMETERY

Sexton	220.00

Asst. Sexton	200.00

Labor	175.00

 NOTE: Scale of maximum salaries to be paid the employee of each specific job class. In
hiring it Is advisable to pay $10.00 less than scale for a probation period of 60
days. Any changes from these rates must be by action of the Board of City 

Commissioners through the City Manager's Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until 

January 2, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Clark, Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 2, 1946

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada met in 

recessed regular session pursuant to due legal notice of call at
the regular meeting place of said Board in Las Vegas, Nevada on
the 2nd day of January, 1946 at the hour of 2 o'clock P.M. The
following members of the Board of City Commissioners were present:

E. W. Cragin, Mayor; R. T. Baskin, Commissioner; Walter Bates,
Commissioner; C. R. Clark, Commissioner; A. Corradetti, Commissioner;
also present, Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City pay one-third of the expenses
incurred by the delegation composed of the Mayor, Earnest Cragin,

Max Kelch, Robert Griffith, and Carl Hyde who went to Washington
D. C. to discuss with Army principals the future of the military
Installation here at McCarran Field. The total expense being
$1,296.69 which will probably be slightly lower when an adjustment
is made with the air companies.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City accept the offer of the owners
of the land for the erection of the proposed Police Station site, to
purchase for $10,800.00 on terms to be agreed upon at a later date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noe, Commissioner Corradetti who stated that it was too much money.

There having been presented a letter from the Chief of Police and
addressed to the Board of City Commissioners relative to a complaint
against Susie's Photo Shop; therefore, Commissioner Bates moved that
Margaret Carney be notified to appear before the Board of City 

Commissioners on January 7, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M. to show cause
why her license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor E. W. Cragin stated that In accordance with the provisions
of the resolution passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada on November 21, 1945 that there had been
published in full compliance with law, a notice advertising the sale

CHAMBER OF COMMERCE

Delegation Expense

LAND PURCHASE - Police
Station Site

COMPLAINT -

Margaret Carney



POLICE STATION BOND
Bid Accepted
of $140,000.00 of general obligation bonds. Such notice of
Sale being as follows:

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

$140,000.00

CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
POLICE STATION BONDS

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, will on the 28th day of December, 1945, at the hour of 2:00 o'clock
P. M. at the City office in Las Vegas, Nevada, receive sealed bids, and publicly open
same, for the purchase of City of Las Vegas Police Station Bonds in the aggregate 

principal amount of $140,000.00 to be designated "Las Vegas Police Station Bonds."

Said bonds will be in the denomination of $1,000 each, shall bear the date of January
1, 1946 shall bear interest at a rate of not more than 6% per annum payable semi-annually
January 1, and July 1 of each year, both principal and interest being payable at the office
of the City Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada; to mature serially in twenty equal annual 

installments of $7,000.00 each, commencing January 1, 1947, to and including January 1, 1966.

Bidders are required to submit offers specifying:

(a)	The lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par at which said bidder
will purchase such bonds; or

(b)	The lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par.

The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the
Board to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest nor will any
discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be
sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of
five per cent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be 

returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to
complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid,
the amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and in that event the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid; or if all
bids are rejected the Board of City Commissioners may readvertise said bonds for sale.

If there are two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not
less than par and accrued interest, the Board of City Commissioners will determine which
bid shall be accepted.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 21st day of November, 1945.

(SEAL)	s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 7, 1946

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada met in regular session pursuant to due notice of call
at the regular meeting place of said Board in Las Vegas,

Nevada on the 7th day of January, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

The following members of the Board of City Commissioners were
present:	E. W. Cragin, Mayor; R. T. Baskin, Commissioner;

Walter Bates, Commissioner; C. R. Clark, Commissioner; and
A. Corradetti, Commissioner. Also present, Helen Scott Reed,
City Clerk.

His Honor E. W. Cragin Called the meeting to order and stated
that in accordance with provisions passed by the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on December 7, 1945 that
there has been published in full compliance with law notice
of advertising for sale $160,000.00 general obligation bonds.
Such notice of sale being as follows:

NOTICE OF SALE OF $160,000.00
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SWIMMING POOL BONDS

Series of 1947-1966

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will on the 7th day of January, 1946 at the hour of
2:00 o’clock, p.m., at the City Office in Las Vegas, Nevada, receive sealed bids
and publicly open same, for the purchase of City of Las Vegas Swimming Pool Bonds in
an aggregate principal amount not exceeding $160,000.00 to bear interest at a rate
not to exceed 4% per annum, to bear date of January 1, 1946 to be in the denomination
 	of $1.000.00 each, to mature $8,000 on January 1, 1947; 	$8,000 on January 1, 1948; $8,000	on

 	January 1, 1949; $8,000 on January 1, 1950; $8,000 on	January 1,	1951; $8,000 on

	January 1, 1952; $8,000 on January 1, 1953; $8,000 on	January 1,	1954; $8,000 on

January 1,	1955;	$8,000	on	January	1,	1956;	$8,000	on	January	1,	1957;	$8,000	on

January 1,	1958;	$8,000	on	January	1,	1959;	$8,000	on	January	1,	 1960;	$8,000	on

January 1,	1961;	$8,000	on	January	1,	1962;	$8,000	on	January	1,	1963;	$8,000	on

January 1,	1964;	$8,000	on	January	1,	1965;	$8,000	on	January	1,	1966.	In the event

that the cost of construction of the two swimming pools to be constructed from the

	proceed from the sale of these bonds is less than $160,000.00 the number of bonds to

be issued shall be reduced by a number equal to the last full $1,000 of said reduction,
and shall be applied to the series in the reverse order of their maturity. The bonds
are to be designated "Las Vegas Swimming Pool Bonds, Series of 1947-1966."

Bidders are required to submit offers specifying:

(a) The lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par at which said
bidder will purchase such bonds; or

					(b) The lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds

at par.

The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of
the Board to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest, nor will
any discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All Bids
shall be sealed an, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by
a deposit of five per cent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the
bid, which will be returned, if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful
bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty
days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit shall be 

forfeited to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, and in that event the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may
accept the bid of the one making the next best bid; or if all bids are rejected the
Board of City Commissioners may readvertise said bonds for sale. If there are two
or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not less than
par and accrued interest, the Board of City Commissioners will determine which bid
shall be accepted.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 7th day of December, 1945.

E. W. Cragin

	Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed

Clerk, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

(SEAL)	With proof of publication being attached thereto

and made a part hereof and being as follows:

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA)

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK)

Bill Whitehead, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is 

foreman of the LAS VEGAS EVENING REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general 

circulation, printed and published in Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of 4 times from December 8, 1945 to December 29, 1945 inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

December 8, 15, 22, 29, 1945

	That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above

named.

/s/ Bill Whitehead

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of January, 1946.

/s/ A. E. Cahlan

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

	My Commission expires January

12th, 1947.

His Honor the Mayor stated that this was the time and place
for such notice of sale for the opening of bids for the
purchase of said bonds. And the City Clerk was authorized
and instructed to open and read said bids, which were as
follows:

January 7, 1946

Honorable Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

As per your notice of sale for $160,000.00 Las Vegas, Nevada, General
Obligation Swimming Pool Bonds, Series of 1947-66, to be dated January 1, 1946,

to be in the denomination of $1,000.00 each, to bear interest at the rate of 1
and 3/4% per annum, interest payable semi-annually on January l, and July 1 of
each year at the office of the City Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada, to mature
serially $8,000.00 each year commencing January 1, 1947 to and including January
1, 1966; we will pay you upon delivery of the bonds to us their par value, plus
accrued intest from the date of the bonds to the date of their delivery to us, plus
a premium of $ XX.

In the event that the cost of the construction of the two swimming pools, to be
constructed from the proceeds from the sale of these bonds, is less than $160,000,

The number of bonds to be issued shall be reduced by a number equal to the last
full $1,000 of such reduction and shall be applied to the series in the reverse order
of their maturities; in the event that less than $160,000.00 of bonds are delivered
to us, the premium is to be reduced in proportion to the number of unissued bonds.

In order to give you sufficient time to ascertain the cost of constructing the
swimming pools we agree to accept deferred delivery of the bonds until July 7,

1946.

You agree to deliver to us at the time we take up and pay for the bonds, the
favorable approving opinion of Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson, bond Attorneys of
Denver, Colorado.

Attached is our Cashier's Check payable to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of $8,100.00, being 5% or more of that amount of our bid, which check is to be
held as an evidence of our good faith In this transaction, and applied as part 

payment on the bonds when they are delivered to us in accordance with the terms of Our
bid therefor. If our bid is rejected, or if the bond attorneys fail to Issue their
approving opinion as to the legality of the bonds, you agree to promptly return our
check to us.

Respectfully submitted,

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA

Reno, Nevada

By /s/ C. Wengert____________

Vice President

After careful consideration by the Board of City Commissioners
of the Bid, Commissioner Bates Introduced and moved the 

adoption of the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, in response to official advertisement for bids on $160,000 Las
Vegas, Nevada, Swimming Pool Bonds, it has been determined that the bid of the
First National Bank of Nevada of Reno, Nevada, is the highest, best and most
advantageous bid received for the purchase of said bonds, and that it is to the 

advantage of Las Vegas, Nevada, and the taxpayers thereof, that said bid be accepted.

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved that the bid of the First National Bank
of Nevada of Reno, Nevada, be, and the same is hereby accepted, which bid is as
follows, to-wit:

January 7, 1946

Honorable Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

As per your notice of sale for $160,000.00 Las Vegas, Nevada, General Obligation
Swimming Pool Bonds, Series of 1947-66, to be dated January 1, 1946, to be in the
denomination of $1,000.00 each, to bear interest at the rate of 1 3/4% per annum,
interest payable semi-annually on January l, and July 1 of each year at the office
of the City Treasurer at Las. Vegas, Nevada, to mature serially $8,000.00 each
year commencing January 1, 1947 to and including January 1, 1966; we will pay you
upon delivery of the bonds to us their par value, plus accrued interest from the date
of the bonds to the date of their delivery to us, plus a premium of $ XX.

In the event that the cost of the construction of the two swimming pools, to be
constructed from the proceeds of the sale of these bonds, is less than $160,000.00
the number of bonds to be Issued shall be reduced by a number equal to the last
full $1,000 of such reduction and shall be applied to the series in the reverse
order of their Maturities; in such event that less than $160,000.00 of bonds are
delivered to us, the premium is to be reduced in proportion to the number of unissued
bonds. In order to give you sufficient time to ascertain the cost of constructing
the swimming pools we agree to accept deferred delivery of the bonds until July
7, 1946.

You agree to deliver to us at the time we take up and pay for the bonds, the 

favorable approving opinion of Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson, bond attorneys of
Denver, Colorado.

Attached is our Cashier's Check payable to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of $8,100.00, being 5% or more of the amount of our bid, which check is to
be held as an evidence of our good faith in this transaction, and applied as part
payment on the bonds when they are delivered to us In accordance with the terms of
our bid therefor. If our bid is rejected, or if the bond attorneys fail to issue
their approving opinion as to the legality of the bonds, you agree to promptly return
our check to us.
PAYROLL CLAIMS
SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS

PETITION FOR CHANGING

OF ZONING

Respectfully submitted,

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA,

Reno, Nevada

By s/ C. Wengert________________

Vice President

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that there shall be issued and 

delivered to the purchasers, their agents or assigns, as soon as legally possible, upon
receipt of the purchase price therefore, plus accrued interest from the date of the bonds
to the date of their delivery, such amount of bonds as will provide funds sufficient
to pay for the cost of constructing said swimming pools; said bonds to bear interest
as outlined in the bid of the successful bidder.

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, does hereby find and
declare that the life of the improvements to be constructed out of the sale of
$160,000 Las Vegas, Nevada, Swimming Pool Bonds, shall and will be greater than
twenty years; that all resolutions or parts thereof in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.

This resolution shall become effective and be in force immediately upon
its adoption.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 7th day of January, A.D., 1946.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(SEAL)

Commissioner Clark seconded the adoption of the foregoing
resolution, and the same on being put to a vote was
unanimously carried by the affirmative vote of all the
Commissioners present, the bote being as follows:

E.	W. Cragin	Mayor	"aye"

R.	Basking	Commissioner	"aye"

Walter Bates	Commissioner	"aye"

C.	R. Clark	Commissioner	"aye"

A.	Corradetti	Commissioner	"aye"

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 7th day of January, 1946.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed

------Clerk-----------

At the hour of 2:10 P.M., this meeting recessed.

Meeting reconvened at the hour of 3:45 P.M. will all
present as of the opening session of this date.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos.

630-647 inclusive in the net sum of $17,300.19 be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material
Warrants Nos. 638 and 648-652 inclusive in sum of
$15,974.42 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of 

certain property owners between Carson Street and Bridger
Street on South 6gh Street, Block 4 and 5 of Hawkin's
Addition for a change of zone, and the petition of
Florence B. Nelms for a change in zoning on Lots 5 and
6, Block 2, Buck's Subdivision, be referred to the
Planning Commission for recommendation.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the requestor Mr. Ruymann for
continuance of the hearing of Mrs. Carney regarding revocation
of her license be granted, and set for January 22, 1946 at
2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the position of Deputy City
Treasurer be created and that C. H. Sloan be instructed to
hire a deputy as of February 1, 1946 at a salary not to 

exceed $185.00 per month. Further that said deputy be bonded
in the sum of $25,000.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas, acting
by and through the Board of Commissioners, does hereby 

consent to the assignment of the lease between the City of Las
Vegas and M. E. Leavitt and Wes Neeley, allowing Mr. Leavitt
to assign his right to Wes Neeley.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following new gaming 

applications be granted;

Italian Kitchen	419 South 5th

Nash Ferranzo	2	slots

Earl’s Liquor Store 501 Jackson St.

Frank Lancaster	2	slots

Harold's Drive Inn 726 North Main

Gayer Amus. Co.	1	slot

J. D. Drive Inn	418 Madison

(Formerly the	Gayer Amus. Co.	1 slot

Black Cat Inn)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye: noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the
Southern Nevada Beer Distributors, C. L. Martin, at 923
South Main for an Importers and Wholesale Beverage Liquor
License be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote :	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Ben O'Dowd
Distribution Company for a Wholesale Beverage and Importer's
license be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager, Comptroller
and Chief of Police continue their duties until further notice

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Veteran's 

Service Coordinating Committee for use of the War Memorial
Building Wednesday night, January 16, 1946 for the holding
of a Prize Fight be granted.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; nOes, none.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE DEFINING GARBAGE, 

RUBBISH, AND DEAD ANIMALS, REGULATING THE COLLECTION AND 

DISPOSAL GARBAGE, RUBBISH, DIRT AND DEAD ANIMALS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS: TO FEES TO BE PAID THEREFORE, AND MATTERS 

RELATING THERETO AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
of PROVISIONS THEREOF, AND REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 138 AND 267
AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH," was read
and proposed for the first time, by title to the Board of
City Commissioners on the 28th day of December, 1945 and 

referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Baskin and Clark for recommendation. Thereafter the said
committee reported favorably on the said proposed ordinance



MARGARET CARNEY
 appearance
Susie' Studio



DEPUTY CITY TREASURER
WES NEELY LEASE
GAMING APPLICATIONS--New

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS - New

APPOINTMENTS

WAR MEMORIAL BUILDING

ORDINANCE #313
on the 7th day of January, 1946, which was the next regular
meeting of said Board of City Commissioners. Thereat said
regular meeting held on the 7th day of January, 1946 the 

proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced; and upon motion of 

Commission Baskin seconded by Commissioner Clark it was 

adopted by the following vote;

Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;
noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting
adjourn until January 22, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 11, 1946

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held, in the Commissioners’ Council Chamber in the War
Memorial Building on Friday, January 11, 1946 at the hour of 2:00 p.m. to act
upon the following:

1.	Architect for Police Station

2.	And any other matters necessary to be considered.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
MAYOR

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor, C. R. CLARK, A. CORRADETTI, R. T. BASKIN, WATER BATES,

Commissioners, and T. E. Fennessy, City Manager, of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on Friday, January 11, 1946 at the
hour of 2:00 p.m., to consider the following:

1.	Architect for Police Station

2.	And any other matters necessary to be considered.

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
CITY CLERK

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

/s/ E. W. Cragin	/s/ R. T. Baskin	/s/ C. R.	Clark

Mayor, E. W. Cragin	Comm. R. T. Baskin	Comm. C. R. Clark

/s/ Walter B. Bates	/s/ A. Corradetti______	/s/ T. E,	Fennessy_____

Comm. Walter B. Bates	Commissioner A. Corradetti. City Mgr.	T. E. Fennessy

This meeting was called to order by His Honor Mayer
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed;
City Manager, T. E. Fennessy.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of W. B.
Stark for a Wholesale Beverage and Importer’s Beverage
License at 320 South Main Street Be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following votes:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

NATIONAL ICE -
liquor license
HEALTH OFFICERS

APPOINTED

  ROBERT STANTON
 Contract Terminated

PAYROLL CLAIMS

 SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

ZONE CASE NUMBER 10
Mrs. I. M. Williamson
212 South 6th St.
Hawkins Addition -
Lost 27 & 28 - Blk.4

las Vegas, Nevada
January 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of January, 1946. Meeting called to
order at the hour of 2 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy;
and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	City Attorney

C.	Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 653 to
661 inclusive in the net sum of $17,87.20 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants
Nos 660 to 663 inclusive in the sum of $58,725.34 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission - RE: Zoning Case 10 be approved, and
a business license be granted to Howard Hill and Charles
F. Bryant for a Radiator Service at 212 South 6th Street,
in accordance with the provisions recommended by the
Planning Commission which are as follows, to-wit:

(1)	All buildings or structures hereafter constructed comply
with the requirements of Fire Zone #1.

(2)	That said lots be subject to only such uses stipulated
in the petition, but that the operations intended shall not
in elude any use which emits dust, gas, smoke, fumes, odors,
or vibrations which might be detrimental to the general
welfare of the neighborhood or the City as a whole.

(3)	All operations to be inside of buildings on premises.

(4)	No vehicles or other equipment to be worked on or
serviced outside of the building or parked in the public
alleys or streets.

(5)	All equipment used in connection with such uses be
connected with the sanitary sewer.

(6)	One unlighted sign shall be permitted which sign shall
face the alley only.

(7)	No storage of contractors equipment, etc., in yard or
property but such storage on the sale described, may be
permitted inside of the existing building at the rear of
the property.

(8)	That this permit be granted for a period of six months
from the date of issuance, after which time the same shall
be either renewed or revoked depending upon the petitioners
compliance with said conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the

Commissioner Clark moved that Dr. Smith be appointed 

temporary Health Officer to fill vacancy of Dr. Morgan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the contract with Robert Stanton
for Architectural work on the Fire Station be terminated
in compliance with Mr. Staton’s request and that the City
Manager be directed to address a letter to Mr. Stanton 

notifying him of the termination of said agreement as of this
date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time the meeting adjourned.
VACATION -- Alley in
Block 17-Wardie Add'n.

HEARING - Margaret Carney

AGREEMENT - James H. Pugh
Rental of Motorcycle

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION
Bids

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk he directed to
have posted notice of intention to vacate that certain alley
in Block 17, Wardie Addition, petitioned for by certain 

property holders and recommended by the Planning Commission,
setting said hearing for March 7, 1946 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the hearing of Margaret Carney,
heretofore set for this time be recessed until January 28,

1946 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City accept the agreement
between James H. Pugh and the City of Las Vegas for rental
of his motorcycle and authorize the Mayor and City Clerk to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time bids for the construction of sidewalks on the
following described property were received:

1.	Lots 1 and 2 and 3, Block 12, Bucks Subdivision,

7th Street and Fremont Avenue.

Estimated ------------ 1590 sq. feet.

2.	Lots 15 and 16, Block 5, Wardie Addition, 6th
Street and Clark Avenue.

Estimated ---------- -1090 sq. feet.

3.	Lots 8 and 9, Block 2, Wardie Addition, 5th
Street, estimated -------- -250 sq. feet.

TOTAL - -	------------------ 2930 Sq. Feet.

Only one bid was received at this time from the Stock’s
Mill and Supply Company, 750 Fremont Avenue, which was
as follows for the above described work:

2,390 Square Feet Sidewalk $.28 sq.ft. $820.00

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that this bid be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following aiming 

applications be granted:

Monte Carlo	M. Rosenthal	16 Fremont	21	Game

F. Hernandez

Grocery Store	F. Lancaster	410 Morgan	1	Slot

Boulder Club	A.H. Stevenson	118 Fremont	1	Poker

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of T. E.
Farrell, Nevada Beverage Distributors Inc., 101-113 E.
Charleston for a Wholesale Beverage and Importer's Liquor
License be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to
write a letter to the Veteran’s of Foreign Wars, stating that
the Board Is in sympathy with their Resolution, but that the
only licenses they have jurisdiction over are gaming and
liquor. As provided by law, applications are submitted to
the Board for consideration, subject to the rules and 

regulations in effect for granting liquor and gaming licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates Moved that expense money not to exceed

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additions

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS

VETERAN'S OF FOREIGN

WARS --

POLICE DEPARTMENT
$50.00 be allowed for one man to be sent to Fresno,

California for the purpose of making investigation of the
slot machine robberies in Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be instructed
have posted notice of intention to vacate that portion of
Coolidge Avenue shown by map of South Addition to City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on file in Book No. 1 of
Plat, Page 61 in the records of said Clark County. 

Particularly described as follows:

"All that portion of Coolidge Avenue extending from the
easterly line of 4th Street to a line parallel to the
center line of Charleston Boulevard, as reestablished for
construction by the Nevada Highway Department; and fifty (50)
feet northward therefrom measured perpendicularly, excepting
and excluding therefrom the area, twenty (20) feet in width,
extending southwardly across said portion of Coolidge
Avenue in the prolongation of the north-south alley in Block
21 of said South Addition to Charleston Boulevard."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the salary of Leo Callihan for
January, 1946, less his Nevada Industrial Compensation be
allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following budget for the
City of Las Vegas for the year 1946 be approved:

CITY BUDGET

BUDGET OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1946.

Information Required:

Assessed Valuation -

Real Estate and Improvements .......... $10,587,342.00	$14,500,000.00

Personal Property (County tax

roll plus Assessor’s Collections)........ 2,524,261.42	3,500,000.00

Net Proceeds of Mines .................

Total Taxable property	$13,111,603.42	$18,000,000.00

Actual Tax Rate 1945............................$	1.40

Total City Taxes levied, 1945................... $

A.	Unencumbered balance in City Treasury on

January 1, 1946.....................................................$	126,327.01

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied, estimated....................... 64,818.14

C. Nontax revenues In 1946, estimated.................................. 907,655.10

D. Expenditures 1946, estimated......................................... 1,177,655.10

E.	Nontax revenues 1947, estimated...................... 955,031.60

F.	Expenditures 1947, estimated........................................ 1,146.176.75

Explanation:

A.	Unencumbered balance is total balance less warrants outstanding on January 1.

Exclude all special funds.

B.	Revenues from taxes already levied would include taxes levied in the previous
year and uncollected, and collections from taxes now delinquent.

C. See Schedule No. 1, Col. 2.

D. See Schedule No. 2, Col. 2.

E.	See Schedule No. 1, Col. 3.

F.	See Schedule No. 2, Col. 3.

VACATION - Coolidge Ave

LEO CALLIHAN
BUDGET - 1946
SCHEDULE NUMBER 1
REVENUES FROM NONTAX SOURCES

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

General Fund:	1945	1946	1947

Licenses..........................$320,553.50	$339,500.00	$350,000.00

Fines and Fees..................... 59,701.56	68,970.00	80,000.00

Permits ............................ 9,905.70	20,500.00	20,000.00

Poll Taxes......................... 16,251.00	15,000.00	20,000.00

Sales and rentals	........	2,396.63	27,325.00	5,000.00

Garbage Disposal................... 43,212.45	60,000.00	60,000.00

Water Operations.................

Electric Operations .............

Sewer Operations..................

Interest on City Funds. .....

Percent corporate earnings. . . .

County Road Fund.................... 2,500.00	3,500.00	5,000.00

Airports...........................  3,658.00	4,740.00	6,000.00

Tourist Camps ......... .....

Bond Sales............................................ 300,000.00	300,000.00

Emergency Loans ....................................... 40,110.00	86,926.60

Special Street Improvements . . .	2,180.68	1,710.00	1,605.00

Miscellaneous ........................ 204.39	500.00	500.00

Cemetery Department	.	. ........... 12,395.50	25,800.00	20,000.00

TOTAL ...................................... $472,959.41	$907,655.10	$955,031.60

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2
CITY EXPENDITURES

Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1945	1946	1947

Administration Salaries ............... . . $ 67,769.39	$105,560.00	$111,700.00

Administration expenses ...................... 20,511.30	22,385.00	32,000.00

Police salaries .............................. 87,159.94	132,570.00	139,500.00

	

Fire department salaries ..................... 66,124.23	97,560.00	125,000.00

Police department expenses ................... 29,075.19	211,985.10	58,000.00

Fire department expenses.................... 28 ,525.91	19,240.00	45,000.00

Street department salaries.................... 53,500.52	58,000.00	60,000.00

Street department expenses.................... 63,346.48	48,225.00	50,000.00

City Parks ................................... 12,264.76	174,750.00	65,000.00

Legal expenses ................................ 4,300.59	10,625.00	11,000.00

City Court..................................... 4,102.12	4,360.00	5,250.00

Electric lights and power .................... 17,148.09	23,950.00	25,000.00

Motor vehicles - shop and pool.............. .................................................................  35,950.00	125,000.00

Sewage disposal .............................. 26,220.64	32,905.00	31,500.00

Health and sanitation .... .............. ..	62,586.46	62,400.00	64,400.00

Airports ...................................... 1,723.79	4,350.00	3,500.00

City Hall expense ............................. 4,691.89	6,150.00	5,500.00

Insurance, fire ............................... 5,937.98	7,800.00	8,900.00
Actual	Estimated	Estimated

1945	1946	1947

Insurance, industrial.......................... 10,705.26	14,000.00	16,000.00

Bond redemption. .. ........................... 13,500.00	12,500.00	28,500.00

Bond interest. . .................... ....	4,965.00	6,530.00	8,215.00

Recreational and educational ........	23,541.27	39,230.00	38,500.00

Cemetery ...................................... 14,203.92	25,630.00	22,000.00

Land Acquisition ... ........................... 4,917.40	20,000.00	25,000.00

Emergency Loans ........................... .	25,187.50	40,711.75

Miscellaneous..................................  3,306.43	1,000.00	1,000.00

TOTAL...................................$655,298.06	$1,177,655.10	$1,146,176.75

SCHEDULE NUMBER 2A

BONDED INDEBTEDNESS OP CITY OP LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

__________________________________________________annual requirements,1946-------- TOTAL OUTSTANDING

NAME OF BOND	Ant of Issue Redemption Interest Total______________December 31, 1946

General Obligation Bonds

1923 Highway Bonds
Date of Issue

-	June,1924—

Interest Rate---6%	40,000.00	    2,000.00   360.00  2,360.00	6,000.00

1930	Pavement & Curb
Series "A"
Date of Issue
-January,1930-

Interest Rate—6%	11,000.00	    1,000.00   150.00   1,150.00	3,000.00

1931	Sewerage Bonds
Date of Issue
-July, 1932 -

Interest Rate—6%	154,000.00	    8,000.00   3,360.00 11,360.00	56,000.00

1945 Swimming Pool Bonds
Date of Issue

-	January,1946-

Interest Rate 1.75%	160,000.00				1,400.00  1,400.00

1945 Police Station Bonds
Date of Issue

-	January,1946-

Interest Rate—-1.5%	140,000.00				1,050.00	1,050.00

TOTAL GENERAL OBLIGATION

BONDS	11,000.00	6,320.00	17,320.00	65,000.00

Assessment Bonds

1937 Improvement Dist. #3
Date of Issue
-January,1937-

Interest Rate—-7%	15,154.55	1,500.00	210.00	1,710.00	3,000.00
BUDGET
FORMULA *

RECEIPTS	EXPENDITURES

A.	Unencumbered balance January 1, 1946....$ 126,327.01

B.	Revenue From taxes already levied....... 64,818.14

C.	Nontax revenues 1964................... 907,655.10

D.	Expenditures 1946....................... ........................................................................................$ 1,177,655.10

E.	Nontax revenues 1947.................... 955,031.60

F.	Expenditures 1947....................... ............................................................  1,146.176.75

G.	Balance, taxes to be levied............. 270,000.00

TOTAL (Receipts equal expenditures).. $2,323,831.85	$2,323,831.85

H.	Divide G. by assessed valuation

to find tax rate................. $	1.50

Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935: Upon the preparation

and completion of said budget, it shall be signed by the governing board of such
city, town, municipality, school district, county high school or high school
district, or educational district, and the several sums set forth in said budget
under estimated expenditures for the them current year shall be thereby 

appropriated for the several purposes therein named for the said then current year.

We hereby approve the above budget of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada for the
year 1946.

/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor

/s/ C. R. Clark

Councilman

/s/ Bob Baskin__________

Councilman

/s/ A. Corradetti_______

Councilman

/s/ Walter Bates________

Counoilman

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

Dated; January 22, 1946

FORM FOR PUBLICATION
CITY BUDGET 1946

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the Year ending
December 31, 1946, as provided by Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada, 1935.

ASSESSED VALUATION

Assessed Valuation:	Actual 1945 Estimated 1946

Real estate and	improvements.......... $	10,587,324.00	$	14,500,000.00

Personal property......................     2,524,261.42	3,500,000.00

Total.................................. $	13,111,603.42	$	18,000,000.00

Receipts;

Licenses....................................  320,553.50	339,500.00

Fines and fees.............................    59,701.56	68,970.00

Permits and inspections................ ..........  9,905.70	20,500.00

Poll taxes.................................    16,251.00	15,000.00

County road funds...........................    2,500.00	3,500.00

Rentals and sales.............................  2,396.63	27,325.00

Bond sales and loans................... ..........................................................................................    340,110.10

Miscellaneous................................. 61,651.02	92,750.00

Taxes collected............................   202,977.68	270,000.00

Total...................................$	675,937.09	$	1,177,655.10

Expenditures:

Administration...............................  88,280.69	127,945.00

Police Department. .......................... 116,235.13	344,555.10

Fire Department........................	94,650.14	116,800.00

Streets and alleys.........................   116,847.00	106,225.00

Power, light and water........................ 17,148.09	23,950.00
Expenditures Continues:	Actual 1945	Estimated 1946

City court and legal expenses..........$	8,402.71	$	14.985.00

Health and sanitation ....................  62,568.46	62,400.00

Sewage disposal............................ 26,220.64	52,905.00

Motor vehicle expense........................ ......    35,950.00

City Parks................................  12,264.76	174,750.00

Debt redemption and	interest........	43,652.50	19,030.00

Miscellaneous............................   69,027.94	118,160.00

Total..................................... 655,298.06	$1,117,655.10

City Tax Rate................................... 1.40	1.50

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and 

expenditures of the City of Las Vegas, for the current year as required by Section
2, Chapter 44, Laws of Nevada, 1935.

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed______	/s/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

Dated: January 22, 1946

PROPOSED POLICE STATION SITE
Acquisition thereof



LAND ACQUISITION

BONANZA VILLAGE
Tentative Map

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

In compliance with a letter dated January 17, 1946 

addressed to Mr. T. E. Fennessy, City Manager, from Thomas
A Campbell representing Messrs. Clark, Cahlan, and Grant,
Commissioner Clark moved that the owners of said land be
directed to place the deed to the said property in escrow
so the sale could be consummated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City purchase five
lots lying between Fifth Street and Elcanto Drive north
on Bonanza For #100.00 from Ted Konduris.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and his Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Board relative to the tentative Sub-Division
map of Bonanza Village, Section 28, Township 20 South,
Range 61E, be approved subject to conditions set forth
in the recommendations and further subject to the 

following additions to the requirements to be made to the 

Subdivider.

(a)	Septic tanks are to be placed in accordance
with the Statutes of the State of Nevada
with particular emphasis on their location
in relation to the water wells.

(b)	Cast Iron pipe is to be used in all water
system installations up to the property
line and particularity when passing under
improved streets.

(c)	A water tower is recommended to provide
ample storage of water and to guarantee
supply and pressure required for fire
fighting.

(d)	Owner or developers must provide required
easements for public utilities at rear of
lots.

(e)	Dedication of 35 feet along the west line of
tract will be required to conform to existing
Elm Drive.

(f)	Washington Avenue will be developed as a 60
foot right-of-way with owner or developers
being required to dedicate 40 ft. as 

indicated on tentative subdivision map and 

further will be required to obtain at their
expense from the respective owners an 

additional 20 ft. lying immediately south of the
section line and required to develop a 60
ft. right-of-way.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Treasurer be instru-
cted to notify the following owners of property that a lein
is to be placed against their property for the construction
of sidewalk pavement as provided in Ordinance No. 291:

Mrs. Lottie Sowinski	Buck's Subdivision - Block 6	$336.83

Lot 16

F.J. & R.A. George	Buck's Subdivision - Block 2	76.32

Lot 6

William Cantrell	Clark's L.V. Townsite - Block	474.57

16, Lots 27 to 32 inclusive

William Cantrell	Clark's L.V. Townsite - Block	224.59

17, Lot 32.

SPECIAL ASSESSMENT —

Sidewalk Construction

ORDINANCE NO. 313
Adopted



HEALTH CENTER



PARENT TEACHER'S ASSOC.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE DEFINING GARBAGE, 

RUBBISH, DIRT AND DEAD ANIMALS, REGULATING THE COLLECTION AND
DISPOSAL OF GARBAGE, RUBBISH DIRT AND DEAD ANIMALS FOR THE
CUT OF LAS VEGAS; THE FEES TO BE PAID THEREFOR, AND MATTERS
RELATING THERETO AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
OF THE PROVISIONS THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES NO. 138 and
267 AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH," was read
to the Board for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing
ordinance be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes:	Commissioners Bates and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed
to notify the Board of City Commissioners that the City
deems it advisable to continue the present set up for the
operations of the public health center and that they are
willing to negotiate a joint agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, non.

A letter dated January 20, 1946 addressed to the Board
of City Commissioners from the P.T.A. was read to the Board
at this time, wherein said association expressed their
appreciation to the Board for aiding in the recreation
program.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
recess until Monday, January 28, at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 26, 1946

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED

	 City Clerk

Las Vegas, Nevada

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is 

hereby called to be held in the Commissioners Council Chamber in the War Memorial
Building on Saturday, January 26th, 1946, at the hour of 10:00 a.m. to act upon
the following:

1.	Hiring architect for police station.

2.	Any other matters ready for hearing.

/s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor
NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor, and Commissioners BASKIN, BATES, CLARK AND CORRADETTI.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Cragin, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held on Saturday, January 26, 1946,
at the hour of 10:00 a.m. to consider the following business:

1.	Hiring architect for police station.

2.	Any other matters ready for hearing.

/s/ Helen Scott Reed______

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

/s/ E. W. Cragin, Mayor	/s/ Bob Baskin, Comm.

/s/ Walter B. Bates, Comm.	/s/ Pat Clark, Comm.

/s/ A. Corradetti, Comm.

POLICE STATION ARCHITECT
HIRED

PETITION — U.S..

Government

AGREEMENT -- Robert Stanton
Cancelled

Meeting called to order at the hour 10:00 a.m.
by His Honor, Mayor Cragin, with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, and His Honor; City Manager, T. E.

Fennessy; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that Mr. Stadleman be hired
as architect on the police station, at 7% and recommended
that he associate Mr. McDonald with him. If the 

present plans are used in any way and a savings can be
made, that they be used. Further, that work be done
as soon as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Wittwer, from the Farm Bureau, appeared before
the Board at this time, and a skied them to endorse
a certain petition, directed to the United States
Engineers for securing flood control for the Virgin
Valley.

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and
City Clerk be authorized to sign said petition on 

behalf of the City, requesting the United States Engineers
to build dams in Matthews Canyon and Pine Canyon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept the
termination of the agreement between Robert Stanton
and City of Las Vegas, as per his letter to Mr.

Fennessy, City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of February, 1946. Meeting called to order
by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:00
p.m. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall, and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.
REPLAT OF VEGA VERDE
ADDITION

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PETITION - For Vacation of
Certain Alley

HOUSING AUTHORITY OF
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
Garbage Contract

TAXI APPLICATION

This being Boy Scout Day, the following Boy Scouts
acted in the following capacity: Donald Long,

Mayor; Don Gunther, City Attorney; Bert Hall,

City Manager; Leon Taylor, City Clerk; Jim Pico,
Commissioner; William Sorensen, Commissioner; Bob
Jense, Commissioner; and Jimmy Jones, Commissioner.

At this time, a group of colored people appeared
before the Board with a petition requesting certain
improvements on Westside. After considerable
discussion, Mayor E. W. Cragin told them that the
City of Las Vegas would assist them in every way,
insofar as it was legally possible to obtain these
improvements.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City approve the
replat of Lots 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 and plat of Lot
7 of Block 2, Vega Verde Addition, Las Vegas,

Nevada, and authorized the Mayor and City Clerk,
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of 

December 22 and 28, 1945, and January 2, 7, 11, and
22 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims
numbers 664 to 673 inclusive and 677 in the net
sum of $19,207.02 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that service and material
warrants numbers 674 to 676 and 678 to 679 inclusive
in the sum of $17,581.19 be approved and the mayor
and City clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition signed
by three free holders requesting the vacation of a
portion of the alley lying along the easterly side
of the North-South alley in Block 2, Pioneer Heights
Addition in the City of Las Vegas be forwarded to
the Planning Commissioner for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to sign that certain agreement
between the Housing Authority of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and the City of Las Vegas,
for the collection of garbage.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of
Frank A. Rich for a taxi license be granted, 

provided he meet the requirements of the ordinance.

Further that he operate from a private location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and 

carried by the following voter Commissioners Bates,
Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.
GAMING APPLICATIONS

Granted

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following
gaming applications he granted.

Red Ball Richfield Station   629 S. Main	1	Slot

Hernandez Grocery	410 Morgan	1	Slot

Harold's Drive Inn	600 N. Main	1	Slot

Overland Liquor Store	6 Fremont St.	2	Slots

Overland Bar	2 Fremont	1	Slot

Monte Carlo	18 Fremont	2	poker

1 faro
1 pan
1 crap

Fifth Street Liquor	727 S. Fifth	1	Slot

RETAIL RESTAURANT BEVERAGE
Poney Express Cafe

BIDS—Police Cars

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of
Earl E. Wilson for a retail restaurant beverage
license for the Pony Express Cafe, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried
by the following vote; commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time, the bid of Archie Grant on Four Police
Cars, which was the only bid received, was opened,
and is as follows:

Four (4) - 4 door Deluxe Sedans per following specifications or equal:

Each ................................ $1197.85

(a)	100 HP Motor

(b)	120 Ampere Hour Battery (price not available.)

(c)	Generator to cut in at approximately 6 MPH
and deliver full charging rate of not less
than 35 AH at 12 MPH. (price not available.)

(d)	4-6 Ply first grade tires (Cars come with

4 tires only.)	(Each	Car).........	20.30

(e)	Puncture proof	tubes	(Each	Car).........	37.00

(f)	Heavy Canvas seat covers	(Each	Car)..............  42.50

(g)	Hot water type	heater	(Each	Car).............. 30.00

(h)	Bullet type standard siren, roof mounting (Price not Avail.)

(i)	2 spot lights, right and left, post mounting, inside

control	(Each)....... 		15.00

(j)	Front and rear bumper with 2 bumper guards each

(Each)............ ...........   6.50

(k)	Beige finish (This color not available at present)

At this time, no action was taken on the bid and
it was ordered tabled.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to sign the escrow agreement on
the Police Station when it is approved by the City.
Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bates
and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney
be directed to draw upon a contract between the
City of Las Vegas and Richard Stadelman for
architectural work on the Police Station at a
figure not to exceed 7% over all.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark and His Honor voting aye; and Commissioner
Corradetti passed his vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney
be instructed to draw up a resolution thanking Mr.
Ted Konduris for the lot the City recently 

acquired from him and that said resolution be spread
on the minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote: Commissi oners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by
Commissioner Baskin and carried unanimously, the
following resolution was accepted and order made:

POLICE STATION ESCROW

CONTRACT - Mr. Stadelman

RESOLUTION OF THANKS
Ted Konduris

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED
Ted Konduris
RESOLUTION

Be it resolved that this 7th day of February, 1946, by the Board
of Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed dated the 23rd day of January, 1946, executed by
Theodore M. Konduris, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be and is 

hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth.

And be it further resolved, that a copy of this resolution be
attached to said deed and that the same be recorded in the Office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed
in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that Ralph W. O'Neill be
hired at a fee not to exceed $500.00 to make a
survey and report on the disposal plant and what
it would take to bring it into good operation
shape, and what population the present disposal
plant, would accommodate if in good operating
condition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that a complaint having
heretofore been filed against Susie's Photo Shop,
operated by Margaret Carney, and Mrs. Carney
having been given a hearing according to the 

provisions of Ordinance 244, it is the findings of
this Board that sufficient cause has been shown
for revocation of her license, and it is hereby
ordered that said license be revoked as of
this date and that the Chief of Police be 

notified accordingly.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and 

carried by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The reports of the Electrical Department and the
Building Department for the month of January were
ordered filed.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the recommendation
of the Planning Commission in Zone Case No. 11 be
approved and that Mr. R. Robert Russell be given
permission to erect a hotel or hotel-apartment
building on Lots 28-32 inclusive in Block 21 of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite with the following 

provisions and conditions:

(1)	That the use of said property be limited only to the
uses requested in the applicant's petition, that is;
hotel or hotel apartment building.

(2)	That the building or structures to be constructed on
said property comply with the requirements for Fire
Zone and any other laws or regulations of the City of
Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This 7th day of February being the time set for the
hearing of a petition for the vacation of a 

certain portion of Lewis Street and certain alleys in
Block 13 and 18 in Pioneer Heights and Wardie
Addition respectively, and no protest being made,
Commissioner Bates moved that the following order
be made.

ORDER

A Petition, dated December 20, 1945, signed by three (3) freeholders
residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of This Board
petitioning for the vacation of a certain portion of Lewis Street and 

certain alleys in Blocks 13 and 18, in Pioneer Heights and Wardie Addition,
respectively, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and said vacations
being in accordance with the recommendation of the Las Vegas-Clark County
Joint Planning Commission, as set forth in said Planning Commission's letter
dated December 21 , 1945, and directed to the Honorable Mayor and Board of City
Commissioners which reads in part as follows:

"At this time the Planning Commission recommends only the
vacation of: 

(1) Lewis Street between Eighth and Ninth Streets

PETITION--LEWIS STREET
Pioneer Heights and
Wardie Addition....

DEPARTMENTAL REPORT

ZONE CASE #11
Approved

SUSIE'S PHOTO SHOP
License Revoked

SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT
REPORT
(2) Alleys in Blocks 13 and 18, all in Pioneer Heights
and Wardie Addition respectively."

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held on the 28th day
of December, 1945, set the 7th day of February, 1946, at the hour of 2:00 p.m,
at the Commissioner's Room of the Board of Commissioners in the War Memorial
Building, located at the northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las
Vegas, Nevada, as the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and
recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause notice of said hearing to
be posted as in said Order provided, which notice was to set forth the 

extent of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the Affidavit of R. D. Thompson, filed with the
Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy
of which is attached to said Affidavit, was posted on the 5th day of January,
1946, in the manner prescribed by said Order.

And this being the time fixed for the hearing of said Petition for 

vacation and recommendation thereof, and this Board having heard evidence in support
of said recommendation and Petition for vacation and being satisfied that the
public will not be materially injured by such proposed vacation:

IT IS HEREBY OFFERED:	That the following described portion of Lewis Street

and certain alleys in Blocks 13 and 18 in Pioneer Heights and Wardie Addition
respectively, and more particularly described,

(1)	All of those portions of Lewis Street Between the easterly line of

Eighth Street and the westerly line of Ninth Street, as shown on Plat of
Wardie Addition to Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, at Page 13 in Book 1
of Plats of the records of said Clark County, Nevada, and on Plat of
Pioneer Heights	Addition to Las	Vegas, Clark	County, Nevada,	formerly

Lincoln County,	Nevada, at Page	35 in Book 1	of Plats of the	records of

said Clark County, also

(2)	All of the north-south alleys between the southerly side of Bridger

Street and the northerly side of Lewis Street, as shown in Block 13 of
Pioneer Heights	Addition to Las	Vegas, Clark	County, Nevada,	formerly

Lincoln County,	Nevada, at Page	35 in Book 1	of Plats of the	records of

said Clark County, Nevada, and in Block 18 of Wardie Addition to Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, at Page 13 in Book 1 of Plats of the records of said
Clark County,

be and the same are hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates, moved that the City Clerk be instructed
to report to the Assessor amounts to be assessed and lots
chargeable for sidewalk installations as follows:

Lot 16, Block	6	 Bucks Subdivision	Mrs. Lottie Sowinski	$336.83

Lot 32, Block 17, Clarks Las Vegas

Townsite	William	Cantrell	224.59

Lot 6, Block 2, Bucks Subdivision	Fred J. & Rose Anna

George	76.32

Lots 27-32 inc. Block 16, Clarks

Las Vegas Townsite	William	Cantrell	474.57

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Corradetti,

Baskin, Bates and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the petition of C. F.
Gartside for zone variance be referred to the Planning
Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City set aside a 
certain C.C.C. building selected by Mrs. DeLuca for the
Las Vegas Junior Hobby Craft.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recreation department
be granted permission to use the Memorial Hall on Friday
nights, Saturday afternoons, and Saturday nights for a
skating rink, beginning February 15, and 16 until further
notice.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GARTSIDE PETITION

C.C.C. BUILDING

RECREATION DEPARTMENT-
SKATING

SIDEWALK ASSESSMENT
BOXING BOUT—
AMERICAN LEGION

Commissioner Bates moved that permission he granted to
the American Legion to have a boxing bout in the War
Memorial Hall on February 13th and February 27th.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti
was out of the room.

There being no further business to come before the Board
at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
adjourn until February 21st at the hour of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT
Dr. Morgan

BIDS * Gasoline

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 21, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 21st day of February, 1946. Meeting called
to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cargin at the hour
of 2 p.m. with the following members present:	

Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager,

T.	E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

At this time Mrs. Van Vorst, spokesman for a committee
of residents of the Builtmore Addition, presented a
petition for certain improvements In said addition, and also
requested that stop signs be placed in certain locations.

Mrs. Van Vorst filed the petition with the Mayor and
spoke in support thereof. After which Mayor Cragin stated
that the Board would assist them in every way possible
to secure the desired improvements.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City hire Dr. Morgan as
City Health doctor in cooperation with the County at a
salary of $6,000.00 per annum. The City and County to share
the expenses equally.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time bids for gasoline from the following
firms were opened:

VENDER	NAME	ETHEL	NAME	REGULAR

General Petroleum.....Mobilgas

Special	.164	Mobilgas	.139

Shell Oil Company..... Shell

Premium	.159	Shell gas	.139

Richfield.............Richfield

Ethyl	.148	Hi-Octane	.138

Texas Company......... Sky Chief	.170	Fire Chief	.150

Associated............Aro-Tane	.159	Flying "A"	.144

Union................. "76 Plus"	.175	"76"	.155

Standard..............Chevron

Supreme	.1552	Chevron	.1352

Wasatch

Oil & Gas. Dist.......Ethyl	.1675	Wasatch	.1525

Signal	.157	.142
VENDOR	ITEM #1	ITEM #2	ITEM #3

Union Oil Co.	Triton	.66	Airsto .25

Standard Oil Co.	R.P.M.	.49	Kerolene .25

Wilshire Oil Co.	No Bid	No Bid

Oil and Gas Distributors	Pennzoil .675

McQuay Supply Co.	Quaker St.

.77

Signal Oil Co.	No Bid	No Bid

BIDS-Tires	At this time bids for tires were received from the following

firms.

VENDOR	ITEM	Item Item	Item	Item	Item	Item Item	Item

_____________________ #1________________   #2   #3	 #4	 #5	#6      #7  #8	#9

James Cashman	89.82	 19.84 16.32 22.47 28.52

10 Ply Rayon                    64.30 60.23 45.16

Clark County Whsle.

10 Ply Rayon        177.34 89.82 74.03	19.84 16.32 22.47 28.52

      60.23 45.16

Ted Werner

10 Ply)		76.74 64.30 60.23 45.15

4	Ply) Rayon	13.07 13.07	34.39

Truck and Bus

George Knipp

U.S. Tire Service	89.82 74.03 69.24	 	19.84 16.32 22.47 28.52

Second	142.65

10 Ply	45.16

GASOLINE BID AWARDED
GASOLINE BID

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

SALARY - Le Callihan

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of the Richfield
Oil Corporation for Ethyl Gasoline in the Sum of $.148
be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid for the Standard
Oil Company for first grade gasoline in the sum of
$.1352 be accepted and the Standard Oil Company furnish
first grade gasoline when and if the Richfield Oil
Corporation cannot furnish Ethyl gasoline.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of January
26, 28 and February 7 be approved by reference and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following voter Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 680
to 688 inclusive in the net sum of $18,069.00 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by he
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material
Warrants Nos. 689 to 692 inclusive in the sum of
$19,271.56 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the salary of Leo Callihan
for the month of February less his Nevada Industrial
Insurance be approve and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
STADELMAN AGREEMENT
APPROVED

RESOLUTION— Ted
Konduris

Commissioner Clark moved that the agreement between the
City of Las Vegas and Richard Stadelman for architectural
services on the new Police Station be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried unanimously, the following resolution
was adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the members of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
share the well recognized view that wholesome recreation for children is a prime and
essential factor in the development of good citizenry, and

WHEREAS, it is	the	established policy and resolve of	this Board	to promote the

interests and welfare of	the	children and young people of this 	community by providing the

necessary facilities for their recreation, and

WHEREAS, this Board has always welcomed and gratefully accepted the cooperative
assistance of the inhabitants of the community, and public spirited contributions toward
the betterment of child welfare, and

WHEREAS, Theodore N. Konduris, an esteemed and respected citizen of Las Vegas,
has made a gift of certain lands to the City, expressing the wish that it be used for a
children’s playground or similar activity for the benefit of the children of the
community.

NOW, THEREFORE,	BE	IT RESOLVED this 21st day of February, 1946, 	by the Board of

Commissioners of the City	of	Las Vegas, County of Clark, State	of Nevada,	that this Board

go publicly on record as expressing its own gratitude, and that of the inhabitants of this
City as well, for the civic mindedness and public spirit shown by Theodore N. Konduris
in making such gift of land to the City of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution be spread at length on the minutes
of the Board, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be sent to Theodore N.

Konduris.

RESOLUTION—Accepting
Contract 5—Fire Station

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

S/ Helen Scott Reed	S/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

Upon motion of Commissioner Corradetti, duly seconded by
Commissioner Bates and carried unanimously, the following
resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has entered Into several contracts for the 

furnishing of equipment in connection with Project No. 26-130-N, and

WHEREAS, all equipment has been received in a satisfactory condition in connection
with the following contract:

Acceptance Date

Contract#5	ROY G. DAVIS COMPANY	$194.00	2-1-46

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas does hereby accept Contract #5
as being completed as of the above specified date.

TAXI APPLICATION	Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of the

Checker Cab Corporation of Nevada for a taxi permit be
tabled until March 7.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the
recommendation of the City Manager regarding the Recreation
funds by turning over to the Clark County Recreation Board
the balance of the money left in the Lee's Canyon Fund,
and dividing the money in the City-County Recreation Trust
Fund between the City and County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission re:	Zone Case No. 12, Nevada 

Biltmore Hotel Lots 8 & 9, Block 4, Biltmore Addition, be
approved with the following conditions:

(1)	That the use of said property be limited only
to the use requested in the applicant's petition,
that is: hotel employees living quarters and linen
storage.

(2)	That any building or structure erected on said
property comply with all requirements, laws and
regulations of the City of Las Vegas with regard to
the erection, alteration and moving or use of said
property or structures.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that a warrant for $10,800.00
be drawn and placed in escrow for payment of the Police
Station Site.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti
passed his vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City offer the Las Vegas
Land and Water Company $2,500.00 for an outright purchase
of the Land on which the old fire station now stands, and
accompany same with a proper resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the tire bids be awarded on
an equal money basis to all of the bidders.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City be authorized to
purchase seven pieces of surplus equipment for the Garbage
Disposal Department, and that proper purchase orders be
made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Commission go on
record requesting that Kelso-Turner Terrace be designated
as a permanent housing unit together with the present
permanent housing unit in Kelso-Turner Terrace No. 1.

That the entire tract be operated on a rental basis under
the supervision of the Clark County Housing Authority.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Girl Scouts of the City
of Las Vegas be granted the use of one of the CCC Buildings.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following gaming
applications be approved and licenses issued:

L.	M.	Wilson	114½ No. 1st	1	 slot

M.	Bernstein	2nd & Fremont	1	 "21"game

Frank	Lancaster    402 W. Bonanza	1	 Slot

M.	B. Page	25 Fremont	1 	Roulette

RECREATION DEPARTMENT
FUNDS

ZONE CASE NO. 12

POLICE STATION SITE
Payment Therefor

LAND PURCHASE—

Fire Station Site

TIRE BIDS AWARDED

DISPOSAL DEPARTMENT
Equipment Purchase
Authorized

KELSO-TURNER TERRACE

CCC BUILDING—

Girl Scouts

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Pioneer News Service
Rex Club
B. & H Grocery
Pioneer Club
Motion seconded be Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that a notice be published once
a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal
on the Special Assessment roll as approved for sidewalk
installations and that hearing be set for March 22, 1946,
at the hour of 2 P.M. as provided by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bates
was out of the room.

Commissioner Clark moved that the final floor plans for the
Police Station be approved and initialled by the Mayor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote, and Commissioner
Bates was out of the room.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until March 7 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 7, 1946

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, met in
regular session pursuant to due legal notice of call at the
regular meeting place of said Board in Las Vegas, Nevada, on
the 7th day of March, 1946, at the hour of 3:10 P.M. The
following members of the Board of City Commissioners were
present:	E. W. Cragin, Mayor; R. Baskin, Commissioner; C.R.

Clark, Commissioner; A. Corradetti, Commissioner; Walter
Bates, Commissioner; T. E. Fennessy, City Manager; and also
present, Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk.

At this time Mr. Rowland Jones, Jr. representing Safeway
Stores appeared before the Board relative to obtaining an
Importer's Liquor License and Wholesale Liquor License.

After considerable discussion, Mr. Jones stated that he would
furnish the Board with certain documents which they had
requested.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Associated
Oil Company on Tydol Oil at $ .396 per gallon be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, harried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of February 21,

1946, be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 693-699
inclusive, 700-702 inclusive, and 705 and 707 in the net
amount of $20,241.96 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting a ye; noes, none.

SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
ROLL

POLICE STATION FLOOR
PLANS APPROVED

OIL BIDS AWARDED
MINUTES APPROVED

PAYROLL CLAIMS
SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

ORDER VACATING PORTION
OP ALLEY IN BLOCK #17
Wardie Addition

ORDER VACATING COOLIDGE
STREET

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants
Nos. 703, 704, 706, 708 & 709 in the sum of $14,920.49 be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This 7th day of March, 1946 being the time set for the hearing
of the petition for the vacation of a certain portion of ally
in Block 17 in the Wardie Addition at Las Vegas, and no protest
being made, Commissioner Clark moved that the following order be
made.

ORDER

A Petition, dated December 20, 1945, signed by three (3) freeholders residing in
the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the
vacation of a portion of the north-south alley in Wardie Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and said vacation being in accordance with the 

recommendation of the Las Vegas-Clark County Joint Planning Commission, as set forth in 

said Planning Commission’s letters dated December 21, 1945 and January 10, 1946, and 

directed to the Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners which read in part as follows:

(From letter of December 21, 1945):

"At this time the Planning Commission recommends
only the vacation of

(2) Alleys in Blocks 13 and 18, all in Pioneer
Heights and Wardie Addition, respectively."

(From letter of January 10, 1946):

"Item 2 of the above mentioned letter" (Reference is
to letter of December 21, 1945) "does not include
Block 17 of the Wardie Addition, which should be
included with the other blocks mentioned in this
item."

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held on the 22nd day of January
1946, set the 7th day of March, 1946 at the hour of 2:00 P.M., at the Commissioner's
Room of the Board of Commissioners in the War Memorial Building, located at the 

northwest corner of Pith and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada, as the time and place for
public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause
notice of said hearing to be posted as in said Order provided, which notice was to set
forth the extent of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Claud C. Sargent filed with the Clerk of
this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which is attached to
said Affidavit, was posted on the 31st day of January, 1946, in the manner prescribed
by said Order.

And this being the time fixed for the hearing of said petition for vacation and 

recommendation thereof, and this Board having heard evidence in support of said 

recommendation and Petition for vacation and being satisfied that the public will not be 

materially injured by such proposed vacation,

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED THAT the following described portion of said alley, To-Wit:

North-south alley in Block 17 of Wardie Addition to Las Vegas, Clark County,

Nevada, as recorded on Page 13, of Block 1 of Plats of Records of said Clark County,

be and the same is hereby vacated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;, noes, none.

This 7th day of March, 1946 being the time set for the 

hearing of the petition for the vacating of Coolidge Street 

between South 4th street and Charleston Boulevard in the City of
Las Vegas, and no protest being made, Commissioner Clark moved
that the following order be made:

ORDER

A Petition, dated July 25, 1945, signed by three (3) freeholders residing in the
area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the
vacating of Coolidge Avenue between South Fourth Street and Charleston Boulevard, and in
consideration, offering a conveyance of various strips of land abutting Fourth Street,
Fifth Street and Charleston Boulevard for the widening of sold streets and boulevard,
and said vacation and offering being in accordance with the recommendation of the Las
Vegas-Clark County Joint Planning Commission, as set forth in said Planning Commission’s
letter dated November 7, 1945, and directed to the Honorable Mayor and Board of City
Commissioners which reads in part as follows:
"Attached hereto, we return the original petition regarding vacation
of Coolidge Street between South Fourth Street and Charleston Boulevard.

At a special meeting of the Joint Planning Commission, November 6, 1945,
in a motion duly made and carried, the Planning Commission recommends
the vacation of this street provided:

1.	Sufficient portion of Coolidge Street be retained to permit
extension of present north-south alley in Block 21, South
Addition, southerly to north right-of-way line of Charleston
Boulevard, including a 10 ft. strip from the north portion of
Charleston Boulevard for widening to 50 ft. north of the present
center line,

2.	That applicant convey to the City from all those lots under
his ownership adjoining Charleston Boulevard and South Fifth
Street, 10 ft. and 5 ft. respectively for proposed widening.

3. That applicant also convey to the City of Las Vegas the
westerly portion of Block 22, as indicated on the sketch attached
hereto, to be used for street purposes."

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held on the 22nd
day of January, 1946, set the 7th day of March, 1946, at the hour of 2:00
P.M., at the Commissioners' Room in the War Memorial Building, located
at the northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada,
as the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and 

Recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause notice of said hearing to
be posted as in said Order provided, which notice was to set forth the
extent of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the affidavit of Claud C. Sargent filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a
copy of which is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 31st day
of January, 1946, in the manner prescribed by said Order.

And this being the time fixed for the hearing of said Petition for
the vacation and recommendation thereof, and this Board having heard
evidence in support of said recommendation and Petition for vacation and
being satisfied that the public will not be materially injured by said
proposed vacation,

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of Coolidge
Avenue, to-wit:

Being a portion of Coolidge Avenue extending from the easterly
line of Fourth Street to a line parallel to the center line of
Charleston Boulevard as re-established for construction by the
Nevada Highway Department and fifty (50) feet northwardly 

therefrom measured perpendicularly, excepting and excluding therefrom
the area, twenty (20) feet in width, extending southwardly
across said portion of Coolidge Avenue in the prolongation of
the north-south alley in Block 21 of said South Addition to
Charleston Boulevard,

be, and the same is hereby vacated, upon delivery of properly executed
instruments conveying to the City of Las Vegas those various strips of
land enabling the widening of Fourth Street, Fifth Street and Charleston
Boulevard in accordance with the recommendation of the letter of the
Planning Commission dated November 7, 1945, relative thereto.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION—Re:	Commissioner Clark introduced the following resolution and

Police. Station Bonds	moved its adoption:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, by resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners
on November 21, 1945, the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal was designated
as the newspaper in which the publication of the novice of sale on
$140,000.00 Las Vegas Nevada, Police Station Bonds was to be made, and

WHEREAS, the actual publication of the notice of sale was made
for the required length of time in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada,

NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved that the action of the City
Officials in publishing the notice of sale on $140,000.00 Las Vegas,

Nevada, Police Station Bonds in the Las Vegas Age is hereby ratified
and confirmed.

This resolution shall become effective and be in force immediately
upon its adoption.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 7th day of March, 1946.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

s/ Helen Scott Reed	s/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)
Commissioner Baskin, seconded the adoption of the foregoing
resolution and the same upon being put to a vote was
unanimously carried by the affirmative vote of all the
Commissioners present. The vote being as follows:

E.	W.	Cragin	Mayor	"Aye"

R.	T. Baskin	Commissioner	"Aye"

C.	R.	Clark	Commissioner	"Aye"

Walter Bates	Commissioner	"Aye"

A.	Corradetti	Commissioner	"Aye"

Approved the 7th day of March, 1946.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Lee Spiers
for a license for two additional cabs be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming
applications be approved:

Overland Hotel	Main & Fremont	L.M. Wilson, Mgr,	1 Slot

Monte Carlo, Inc.	15 Fremont	J.L. Young, Mgr.	1 Poker

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the certain petition to
vacate all of Boulder Street which runs between Main
and 2nd Streets and which separates Block 4 & 5 and
Also 9 & 10 of South Addition to the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the
tentative subdivision map of Charleston Square, Tract
#2, Subject to the following conditions before approval
of the final subdivision map.

1. Lots

a.	All lots designated in this tract shall be a
minimum of 65' in width, as desired by the
sub-divider and lot lines shown on the present
tentative map shall be revised and adjusted
accordingly.

2.	Streets

a.	Graded and surfaced to widths as indicated on
map, 36' minimum paving width.

b.	Curbs and gutters—concrete in "L" type.

c.	Driveways—Provision should be made for 

driveways extending from the street pavement to
garage including approved surfacing where
driveways slope to the pavement (where there
is no garage, such driveways should be provided
at least to the building line or and car port
or automobile storage space behind said building
line.).

d.	City Engineer to approve all profiles, cross
sections and construction specifications.

3.	Sidewalks

a.	Concrete—in at least 4' widths.

4.	Utilities

All lots improved shall be served with:

a.	Adequate public domestic water supplies including
fire hydrants for fire protection—Fire Chief
to approve location and kind.

b.	Sanitary sewer—City System.

c.	Electricity.

d.	Adequate street lighting on all streets within
this tract.

5.	Grading

To be accomplished in accordance with an approved
grading and architectural plan for the entire 

subdivision prior to the issuance of building permits.

TAXI APPLICATION 
Lee Spiers

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Granted

PETITION TO VACATE
Boulder Street

CHARLESTON SQUARE—
Tract #2-Tentative
Sub-Division Map—
Approved
6.	Landscape

a.	Finish grade all lots.

b.	Lawn—front and side yards to rear of dwelling
including soil preparation.

c.	Street trees—of Hardy variety to be planted
along all streets at intervals of 40' (such
interval may be varied where driveways, etc,
interfere).

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the tentative subdivision map of McNeil
property, Section 5, T21 S, R 61 E, be approved subject to the
recommendations and conditions set forth by the Planning Commission
in their letter of December 21, 1945.

1. Streets

a. Graded and surfaced—30 feet minimum paving width. City

Engineer to approve all profiles, sections and construction
to specifications.

2. Utilities—All lots shall be served with:

a.	Adequate public water supply including fire hydrants for
fire protection—Fire Chief to approve location and kind.

b.	Sewage facilities—either by City sewer or septic tank as
approved by the City Health Officer.

c.	Electrical.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner Clark,
and carried Unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 25th day of January,
1946, executed by Ed W. Clark, a single man, A. E. Cahlan and Ruth Cahlan, his wife, and
A. C. Grant and Zora Faye Grant, his wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the
purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The vote being as follows:

E. W.	Cragin	Mayor	"Aye"

R. T.	Baskin	Commissioner	"Aye"

 C. R.	Clark	Commissioner	"Aye"

Walter Bates	Commissioner	"Aye"

A. Corradetti	Commissioner	"Aye"

Approved the 7th day of March, 1946.

Commissioner Bates moved that pursuant to the recommendation of
the Planning Commission the City Clerk is hereby directed to post
notice of intention to vacate that certain property, described as
follows:

Being that portion of alley lying along the easterly side of the
north-south alley in block 2 Pioneer Heights Addition to the City
of Las Vegas as shown on plat of said Addition at Page 35 in Book
I of Plats in the records of Clark County, Nevada, described as
follows:

Beginning in the easterly side of said alley in Block 2 at a
point distant 190 feet along said alley, N. 27° 45' E., from
the northerly boundary of Carson Street; thence N. 21° 21' 34"

E. 100.63 feet to a point 11.2 feet westerly from the easterly
side of said alley; thence parallel to said alley, N. 27° 45'

E. 93.71 feet to a point in the boundary line between the said
Pioneer Heights Addition and Bucks Subdivision as shown on Plat
of said subdivision ay Page 15 in Book 1 of Plats in the 

records of Clark County, Nevada, at the easterly side of 

existing north-south alley between Lot "F" and Lot "G" in said Bucks
Subdivision; thence along the said boundary line between Pioneer
Heights Addition and Bucks Subdivision N. 88° 41' E. 12.81 feet
to a point at the easterly side of said alley in Block 2 of
Pioneer Heights addition; thence S. 27° 45' W. 199.94 feet along
the easterly side of said alley to the point of beginning. 

Containing an area of 0.0374 acres, more of less.

This vacation was recommended with the following proviso:

DELKIN PROPERTY
Notice to Vacate
Order Posted

RECOMMENDATION ACCEPTING
DEED

Police Station Site

McNEIL PROPERTY—
Tentative Subdivision
map—Approved
ZONE CASE #13—

R.R.B. Griffith, 
Lot 5,6,7,Block 5,
Original Las Vegas
Townsite

MEMORIAL PLAQUE

RESOLUTION - RE:
Fire station

BONANZA VILLAGE
Approval
Final Map

YOUTHTOWN - approved

PROPOSED ORDINANCE 314
Assessment

(1) That any additional right of way needed to cause

the alley to be realigned be secured by a deed in
Escrow, in favor of the City of Las Vegas before
the vacation order is complete.

And setting the date for the hearing for April 22, 1946,
at the hour of 2:00 P.M.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the Planning
Commission on Zone Case #13, regarding the use of Lots 5, 6, and
7, Block 5, Original Las Vegas Townsite, be approved, together
with the conditions set forth in the letter from the Planning
Commission dated March 4, 1946.

(1) That the use of said property be limited to light
industrial use as requested in the applicant's
petition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City approve the transfer of
the sum of $513.24 representing labor and material on the
Memorial Plaque to the current Street Department Budget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote; commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following resolutions be approved:
RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has entered into several contracts for the
furnishing of equipment in connection with Project No. 26-130-N, and

WHEREAS, all equipment has been received in a satisfactory condition as
specified below;

Accep.Date

Contract #7 Item #4 Standard Whse.Supply Co.       1- Expander set with

1½" x 2½" Segments	2-15-46

Buckley or equal....$25.40

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas does hereby accept Contract
No. 7, Item #4, and the project as a whole as being completed as of the above specified
date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the mayor and City Clerk be authorized
to sign the final map of Bonanza Village after it has been approved
by the City Engineer and Planning Commission and has been signed by
them; further, that the proper bond has been furnished.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City approve the establishment of
Youthtown, as per map submitted by Commissioner Clark, and the
Board recommends that Commissioner Clark formulate a committee to
act with the governing body of the organization. Also that the City
is willing to enter into a lease agreement when said corporation is
formed, granting the use of 20 acres of land together with the 

buildings thereon, for a fee of $1.00 per year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE ENTERING, AUTHORIZING, AND 

DIRECTING THE EXOFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY
OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COST
OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND
SURFACING A CERTAIN STREET IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ACCORDING TO THE
PLANS, DIAGRAMS, AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE
OF CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS: DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE
LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT
AND DESIGNATING THE LOTS, PARCELS OF LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING
TO BENEFITS, PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS OF
LOTS AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO," was read to the Board
by title and referred to Commissioners Clark and Baskin for 

recommendation at the next regular meeting.
PROPOSED ORDINANCES
#315 - Assessment

RESOLUTION
Right - of -Way

PETITION ** re:
Vacation of portion
South Main Street

PLUMBING EXAMINING
BOARD

SURPLUS PROPERTY
PUBLICITY

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE ENTERING, AUTHORIZING AND
DIRECTING THE EXOFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO
DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING CERTAIN STREETS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS ACCORDING TO THE PLANS, DIAGRAMS, AND ESTIMATES OF COST
THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE ASSESSMENTS AND DESIGNATING THE
LOTS AND PARCELS OF LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE,
PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO," was read by title to the Board and referred
to Commissioners Corradetti and Bates for recommendation at the next
regular meeting.

On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution and order
is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 6th day
of March, 1946, executed by Arthur Lyon and Bertha Lyon, husband and wife, to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that the certain petition dated
February 13, 1946 of the Southern Nevada Industries, Ltd. and
signed by R. J. Kaltenborn and R. D. Balcom requesting the
withdrawal of October 5, 1944 concerning the vacation of that
portion of Main Street and a certain portion of Charleston
Boulevard, be referred to the city Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Board approve the recommendation
of the Plumbers Examining Board that no deviations be made form
the Plumbing Code in respect to the use of transient or Oramsberg
pipe.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City authorize the purchase of
1941 or 1942 chassis for the Electrical Department truck and five
or six pickup or staff cars suitable for use of inspectors or other
administrative help. The City Mechanic be authorized to make a trip
to the Surplus Depost to make the selection in company of one or
two others required to drive the equipment back.

Commissioners Clark moved that the City of Las Vegas spend up to
$500.00 for an ad publicizing the City of Las Vegas in the Las
Vegas Evening Review Journal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote:

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until March
22, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.
CHECKER CAB CORPORATION

MINUTES--March 7

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

BASEBALL PRACTICE FIELD

RIGHT OF WAY DEED
Gabriel Pahor, F.M.

Pahor and Dorothy
M. Pahor

LEO CALLIHAN -
Salary

SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
ROLL

No. 1-46 & No. 2-46

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held the
22nd day of March, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti;

City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.
Absent; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Jim Opperman,

Ben Gartman, R. L. Mason, and Jack Ross, for ten taxi-cab
licenses be granted, upon filing of their insurance policy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes for March 7, be
approved by reference, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims numbers 710 to 719
inclusive in the net sums of $18,946.80 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, Carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material warrants numbers.
720 to 723, inclusive, in the sum of $9,743.89 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to put
into shape the Las Vegas High School field and the C.C.C. Field for
baseball practice and after Helldorado is over, to condition the
City Park baseball field.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of March, 1946 by the Board of
Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
the deed dated the 21st day of November, 1945, executed by Gabriel Pahor,
a widower, and the deed dated the 21st day of November, 1945, executed by
F. M. Pahor and Dorothy M. Pahor, husband and wife, to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be and are hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth, and for the widening of Fourth Street, Fifth Street,
and Charleston Boulevard. The execution and delivery of said deeds for
said purposes having been the condition upon which a portion of Coolidge
Avenue was vacated in accordance with resolutions passed by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, March 7, 1946.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deeds and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of this County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filled in the records
of this Board.

Commissioner Clark moved that Leo Callihan's salary for
March be granted, less Nevada Industrial Insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, Carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board confirm the 

proposed special assessment roll, no. 1-1946 and no. 2-1946
and instruct the City Clerk to refer same to the County
Assessor for further action, making payments due at once.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
CLAIM - William Diemunsch

CLAIM - Dr. Woodbury
BIDS - Pulvi-Mixer

CONDEMNATION -
T/W Dyke Lane

RESOLUTION - Deed
Max and Laura Belle
Kelch

BOND NO. 237447 Waal-
Camplan and Thomas, Inc.

PROPOSED ORDINANCES
#314 and #315

AUDITORIUM - War Memorial
Building -- American Legion

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk be
instructed to write a letter to Williams Diemunsch
stating that his Contractor's License, Number
21061 is good for the year 1946, and is not 

refundable. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the claim of
Dr. Woodbury be ordered filed and referred to the
proper department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time bid for a pulvi-mixer were opened
from the following firms:	C. D. Roeder 

Equipment Company, Reno, Nevada, no Bid; Shaw Sales
and Service Company, Los Angeles, California,
one asphalt road mix pulverizer mixer - SeaMan
Pulvermixer, 6 ft., F.O.B. Los Angeles, $2,783.50;
Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Company, 1
Model MHD72 SEAMAN Pulvermixer equipped with 75"
mixing roder, powered with 90 HP Waukesha engine,
complete F.O.B. Milwaukee, Wis., $2,572.50.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing
bids be tabled for future meetings.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that City Attorney be
instructed to start condemnation proceedings against
Charlotte Rogers and C. L. Horn for R/w on Dyke Lane

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by
Commissioner Baskin and carried unanimously, the
following resolution was adopted and order made,
to-wit:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED THIS 22nd day of March, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed
dated the 14th day of March, 1946, executed by Maxwell Kelch and Laura
belle Kelch, a partnership doing business and Nevada Broadcasting Company,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be and is hereby accepted for purposes
and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be attached to
said deed and be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept the
bond of Waal-Camplan & Thomas, Inc., covering the
installation of street improvements and 

appurtenances in the Bonanza Village tract, Las Vegas,
Nevada, and City Clerk authorized to file same.

At this time the committee heretofore appointed
to make a recommendation on the proposed
ordinances 314 and 315 stated that they wished
additional time to make said report, and His
Honor granted them until April 6, 1946, at 10
a.m.

Commissioner Bates moved that the American Legion
be granted permission to use the War Memorial Hall
on the 27th day of March for boxing bouts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin,
Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that the meeting
recess until 2 P.M. March 28.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 28, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 28th day of March, 194b. Meeting
called to order by his Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the
hour of 2 P.M. with the following members present:

Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark; City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Heed. Absent; Commissioner
Corradetti.

At this time, Mayor Cragin made the following statement:	

"An order was heretofore made by this Board wherein no
more liquor licenses would be issued by this Board until we
could arrive at a fair and equitable manner to handle licenses.
This Board has held many informal meetings and after much
discussion has arrived at the following decision with 

references to liquor licenses. In formation has been brought
out for us that liquor licenses in most states are granted
on the bases of population; namely, one tavern to each one
thousand population, end one liquor store to each one thousand
population. We feel that to use the figures to our last
census would not be in order. Therefore, we have used as a
basis for our figures for granting licenses to liquor stores
and taverns the estimated population based on school 

attendance. We have 3,580 children attending school in Las Vegas,
and on the basis of five to one have estimated the 

population at 17,500. At the present time we have over 18 liquor
stores and over 18 taverns, and in as much as some applicants
for liquor stores have had applications in with this Board
prior to the time this oner was made, it is the concensus
of this Board that licenses heretofore filed for liquor stores
be granted, as of this date, and that applications for taverns
be denied. In granting additional liquor stores, we feel
that it would be in line with the number of taverns now 

doing business in Las Vegas, hence no more than 25 package
licenses will be granted, and no more than 31 tavern liquor
licenses, until such time as the population justifies it."

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing statement be
approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His

 Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.



Commissioner Bates moved that the following renewals of gaming
licenses be granted, and further that all applications for
renewals for gaming license be granted for the second quarter
of 1946:

ACE BAR	M.	B.	Abrams	111	South	1st	6	Slots

Adams Grocery	Gayer	Co.,-Lee Hughes	111	North	9th	1	Slot

APACHE BAR	Lena Silvagni	2nd and Fremont	11 Slots

BALLS GROCERY	Gayer Co.,-Lee Hughes	404 South 2nd	2 Slots

BARNEY'S GROCERY	H.	G.	Tucker	630	South	5th	1	Slot

BEACON SHOP	L.	P.	Lawrence	112	North	3rd	3	Slots

BOBBIE'S CAFE	Jack Weisberger	508 North Main	2 Slots

BELVERDERE CAFE	Gayer Co. ,-Lee Hughes	H and Harrison	1 Slot

BOULDER CLUB	A. H. Stevenson, Jr.	118-120 Fremont	33 Slots

1	Pan
1 Poker
1 RH Keno

1	Tango - 100 Chairs

2	Roulette

3	Craps
1 Faro Bank

1	Big "6"

4	"21" Games
1 RH Book

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Cocktail Lounge	122	Fremont	4	Slots

BROWN DERBY CAFE	P. L. Jefferson	320	Monroe	4	Slots

BUS TERMINAL CAFE	Mon Woo	127	South 1st	2	Slots

BUSH'S BAR-B-Q	Gayer Co.,-Lee Hughes	E &	Jackson	2	Slots

BUSY BEE CAfE	John Stathis	105	North 1st	2	Slots

CHARLESTON INN	A. R. Stowell	19 W. Charleston	3 Slots

CHRISTIE STEAK HOUSE	George G. Parry	122	South 1st	4	Slots

CINNABAR	L. P. Lawrence	103	South 1st	5	Slots

CLUB SAVOY	J. A. Alexa	116	Fremont	16	Slots

2	"21" games
1 Craps
1 Roulette

CORK 'N BOTTLE	E. Van Tassel	508 Fremont	3 Slots

COTTON CLUB	Gayer	Co., -	Lee	Hughes	E	and Jackson	1	S1ot

COTTON CLUB	Susie	Parker	E	and Jackson	6	Slots

1	"21" Game

2	Poker

1	RH Keno

 	1 Craps

CUTY RATE LIQUOR STORE Josie Dondich	132 South 5th	2 Slots

DEW DROP GROCERY	Gayer Co., -	Lee Hughes 	D and Jackson	1 Slot

DOC’S	Edward Ladd	1200 S. Main	2 Slots

DON BORAX VARITY

STORE	L. P. Lawrence	500	North Main	3	Slots

EDMOND’S ASSOC. STA.	Gayer Co.,-Lee Hughes	5th	and Carson	1	Slot

EL MORROCCO	Gayer Co.,-Lee 	Hughes	E	& Jackson	1	Slot

EL MORROCCO	Frank	Wilson	E	& Jackson	3	Slots

2	Poker
1 Crap

5TH ST. LIQUOR STORE	Gordon W. Potter	727	So. 5th	3	Slots

FOOD CENTER	Reuben Specktor	770	Fremont	5	Slots

FOREIGN CLUB	Walter Argyle	111	N. 1st	2	Slots

FREMONT ARCADE	M. B. Abrams	101 E. Fremont	34 Slots

1 Crap

1	"21" game

FRONTIER CLUB	M. T. Shorie	117 E. Fremont	37 Slots

3	Craps

4	"21" games

2	Roulette
1 Pan

5	Poker

1 RH Keno
1 Hopper
1 RH Book
1 Big "6" Wheel

GEORGE KNIPP TIRE

SHOP	Jack Weisberger	1711 Fremont	1	Slot

GOLDEN CAMEL BAR	Joe Morga	110 N. 1st	4	Slots

GOLDEN NUGGET	M. T. Shorie	2nd and Fremont	1	poker

1	Craps

HAROLD'S DRIVE INN	Gayer Co.,-Lee 	Hughes	726 No. Main	2	Slots

HANNIBALS	T. E. Kirby	1509 South Main	2	Slots

HAROLD'S DRIVE INN	Reed Whittwer	600 North Main	4	Slots

J. D. DRIVE INN	Gayer Co.,-Lee	 Hughes	418 Madison	2	Slots

JOE’S LUNCH	L. P. Lawrence	119 North 1st	2	Slots

JOHN'S DESERT INN	John Anton	1507 S. 5th	1	Slot

JOHN'S DESERT INN	Jack Weisberger	1507 S. 5th	2	Slots

LARNIN DRUG	Jack Furnace	812 S. 5th	3	slots

L. V. BOWLING REC.	Max Gordon	125 S. 2nd	8	Slots

LAS VEGAS CLUB	Herbert	SIMMONS	23 Fremont	29	Slots

2	Craps

4	"21" Games
2 Big Wheels
1 RH Keno

1 Faro

1	Tango - 100 Chs.

2	Poker

1	Pan

2	Bridge

1	RH Book

LAS VEGAS TAVERN	Herbert Simmons	19 Fremont	7	Slots

LOG CABIN BAR	Clifford G. Griggs	122 N. 1st	3	Slots

LOVE'S CAFE	Jack Weisberger	125 S. 2nd	3	Slots

LOW PRICE MARKET	Gayer Co.,-Lee Hughes	131 N. Main	1	Slots

MIKES LIQUOR STORE	S.J. Gordon	106 Fremont	4	Slots

MODERN FOOD		J. P. Mudd	316 Fremont	2	Slots

MANDALAY BAR	W. E. Greene	111 Fremont	10	Slots

MARKS FOOD CO.	C. Schulman	1500 Fremont	6	Slots

NEVADA COFFEE SHOP	G. J. Adras	113 N. 1st	2	Slots

OPPEDYK DAIRY	L. Van Der Meer	1000 N. Main	1	Slot

ORTON’S GRILL	Gayer Co.,-Lee Hughes	121 South 5th	3	Slots

OVERLAND HOTEL	L.M. Wilson	Main and Fremont    3	Slots

PEARL’S CAFE	Gayer Co.,-Lee Hughes	224 N. 1st	2	Slots

PIONEER CLUB	Charles Addison	25 Fremont	38	Slots

2	Pan

5	Poker

1 R.H. Keno
5 "21" games

3	Roulette
3 Craps

PIONEER COCKTAIL LG.	Charles Addison	25 Fremont	7	Slots

PIONEER NEWS SERVICE	L.M. Wilson	114½ n. 1st	1	Slot
PLAYLAND ARCADE	G. G. Parry	129 3. 1st	50 Slots

PONY EXPRESS	E. E.	Wilson	123	S. 1st	7	Slots

PRIME MEATS & PROV.	L. P.	Lawrence	820	S. 5th	4	Slots

PRESCRIPTION PHCY	Gayer	Co.,-Lee	Hughes	814	Fremont	1	Slot

PROFESSIONAL PHCY	Gayer	Co.,-Lee	Hughes	421	Fremont	4	Slots

REX CLUB	M. Bernstein	128 Fremont	24 Slots

2	Craps

3	"21"

2 Roulette

REX TURF CLUB	Dave Stearns	128 E. Fremont	RH Book

RICHFIELD SER. STA.	L. M. Wilson	5th and Fremont	2	Slots

RED BALL RICHFIELD	T. E. Steckler	619 S. Main	1	Slot

RICHFIELD SER. STA.	Jack Weisberger	3rd and Fremont	2	Slots

ROUND-UP BAR	Gayer Co., - Lee Hughes     E and Jackson	1	Slot

SAL SAGEV HOTEL	J. F. Miller	Main & Fremont	5	Slot

SHADY REST CAFE	Gayer Co.,-Lee Hughes	F. & Jackson	1	Slot

SIGNAL SERVICE STA.	L. M. Wilson	401 Fremont	1	Slot	

SILL’S	Orpha Sill Miller	5th and Charleston  4	slots

SLOT MACHINE	M. B. Abrams	103 E. Fremont	36 Slots

SILVER CAFE	Joe Morgan	106 N. 1st	4	Slots

SILVER CLUB	Joe Morgan	108 N. 1st	2	Slots

2 "21" games
1 Crap
1 Roulette
1 Poker

SILVER STATE TEXACO

STATION	Gayer Co.,-Lee Hughes	5th and Fremont 1 Slot

SNYDER’S GROCERY	L. L. Snyder	 300 W. Bonanza	4 Slots

SPIC 'N SPAN	Morton Goldring	124½ N. 1st	3 Slots	

STANDARD MARKET	L. P. Lawrence	602 S. 5th	3	Slots

S.W. LIQUOR STORE	Paul E. Brown	101 Carson	3	Slots

THE MALT SHOP	Jack Weisberger	132 South 5th	2	Slots

TIP’S RESTAURANT	Jack Weisberger	1516 S. 5th	2	Slots

TIVOLI BAR	Gayer	Co.,-Lee	Hughes	126	No. 1st	1	Slot

TIVOLI TAVERN	J.B. Gaut & R.	Burrows	126	N. 1st	3	Slots

TOMMY'S	Jack Weisberger	407 Fremont	3	Slots

TOM’S LIQUOR STORE	T.E. Kirby	1027 S. Main	3	Slots

VIRGINIA’S CAFE	Virginia Barrett	917 Fremont	1	Slot

WESTSIDE CAFE	Gayer	Co.,-Lee	Hughes	D and Madison	2	Slots

WESTSIDE TAVERN	Gayer	Co.,-Lee	Hughes	B &	Wilson	3	Slots

WIMPY’S	Orpha Sill Miller	206 Fremont	3 Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Beverage
Distributors, In., for a wholesale beverage and importers
beverage liquor license at 101 E. Charleston Boulevard, be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

The following resolution from the American Legion, Las Vegas
Post No. 8 Was read to the Board:

BEVERAGE DISTRIBUTORS INC.

RESOLUTION - American
Legion
RESOLUTION

American Legion ----- - Las Vegas Post #8

BELIEVING in the Principals set forth in the Preamble to the Constitution of
the American Legion and reaffirming the obligation 'To Safeguard and 

Transmit to Posterity, the Principals of Justice, Freedom and Democracy' and the
obligation to the Community, State and Nation, and in the theory and ideals
of Free Americanism, AND

BELIEVING that these principals and the obligations arising therefrom are at
the present time in greater danger of extinction than at any other time in the
history of our nation:

BE IT RESOLVED, by Las Vegas Post #8, the American Legion:

THAT this post on on record as being opposed to any form of government
of any form of legislation, whether it be municipal, county, state or
national which has for its design and effect the systematic stifling
of the American system of free enterprise and competition in business,
commerce, industry and the profession and the usurpation of private
right to freely engage in such by any system of restrictive license for
reason of numbers engaged therein or class, creed or color.

 

THAT this post go on record as being opposed to any system or form of
controlled economy and particularly by the use of restrictive, arbitrary
and discriminatory licensing systems and practices whether instituted by
legislative bodies or applied by examining, licensing or other boards.

THAT this post go on record as being in favor of a system of reasonable
regulation and licensing, extending to all as free citizens the right
	to enter all lawful business, commerce, industry and the professions,

as free enterprise and competitive without restriction, restraint or
regard to numbers then or thereafter engaged therein or to class, creed,
or color, unless by the will of the majority of the voters of the 

municipality, county, state or other political subdivision affected, it shall
have been otherwise provided.

THAT this post recommend to our legislators and to the next state 

legislature that the activities of all semi-legislative, examining and 

licensing state boards be investigated and scrutinized with a view to 

discouraging restrictive, arbitrary and discriminatory practices and controls
affecting free enterprise and competition and bringing their organization
and operation squarely within the American Principals of equal rights,
liberty, freedom, justice and democracy for all.

THAT this resolution be memeographed in sufficient copies and distributed
to the Veterans Organizations throughout the State of Nevada and to the
service clubs and organizations in Clark County urging the adoption and
passing of like action within their respective areas and to all 

legislative bodies and semi-legislative, examing and licensing boards in
Clark County, and the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and 

carried by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following new
applications for slot machines be granted;

Gus Corey	4th and Fremont	2	 Slots

C/M Travis	812 Fremont	2	 Slots

A. Kroloff	118½ N. 1st	2	 Slots

J. F. Miller	13 Fremont	2	 Slots

C.M. Travis	526 S. 5th	2	 Slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the applications of the
Nevada Biltmore at 600 N. Main Street, for a tavern
license, cocktail room, cabaret license, and gaming
license covering one crap, two "21" games, one Roulette,
16 slot machines, and the application of the El Cortez
Hotel, 600 E. Fremont for one tavern license, one
cocktail lounge be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

SLOT MACHINE APPLICATION
New

COREY'S FINE FOODS
L. V. LIQUOR STORE
LIL HORSESHOE CAFE
JOHN F. MILLER
YE KINGS BARBER SHOP

NEVADA BILTMORE
EL CORTEZ
GAMING AND LIQUOR
APPLICATION 
Harry Farnow

TAVERN LICENSE
Tom Panos

RETAIL RESTAURANT BEVERAGE
Gus Corey

PACKAGE LIQUOR LICENSE
Virginia's Cafe

PACKAGE LIQUOR LICENSE
Loid M. Wilson

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

PETITION - Southern Nevada
Industries, Ltd.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Harry
Farnow for a tavern license at 121 Fremont and also
for a gaming license, covering one "21" game, one crap,
one roulette at the same address be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Tom
Panos for a tavern license at First and Ogden be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Gus
Cory for a retail restaurant beverage license at Corey’s
Fine Foods, 402 Fremont be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Virginia
Barrett at the Virginia Cafe, 907 E. Fremont for a
Package Liquor License be denied on the grounds that
a package liquor license cannot be granted to a cafe
as it is contrary to policy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Loid
M. Wilson for a package liquor license (miniature) at
504 North Main be granted and the applicant notified
that it cannot be conducted in connection with the
grocery store.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following liquor
licenses be granted:

Commercial Liquor Store	Vic S. Whittlesea	830 So. Main	Sealed Pack.(mina)

Charles Frank	1820	So. 5th	Sealed	Pack.(mina)

Paul R. Gang	419 N. Main	Retail	Pack.

John Anton	1507	S. 5th	Retail	Pack.

T. E. Kirby	1027	S. Main	Sealed	Pack.(mina.)

Al & Lefty'Steak House

(Formerly Mon's lunch)	Alma E. Hubbard	1400 Fremont	Retail Rest. Bev.

Dudley H. Fay	604 So. 5th	Retail Pack.

Chester L. Pate and

Johnny Klyne	416 Bonanza Retail Pack.

Lena Silvagni	APache Hotel, back bar	Retail Tavern

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that in view of the ruling of
the City Attorney relative to the petition dated February
13, 1946, and signed by R. Kaltenborn, Southern Nevada
Industries, Ltd., and R. D. Balcom, requesting that
their names be withdrawn from a certain petition; there-to-
fore filed with the City Clerk and dated October 5, 1944,
requesting the vacation of portions of Main Street and
Charleston Boulevard situated in the City of Las Vegas,
be granted; and that the petition dated October 5, 1944,
be disapproved and rejected and that no further action
be taken thereon, by reason of the following:	That is is

supported by the signature of less than three freeholders
and therefore insufficient in law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark ana carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Corradetti.
CLAIM - J. J. Peelen
SWIMMING POOL

Commissioner Bates moved that the Claim #724-1 of J. J.

Peelan in the sum of $1,000.00 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorize
to send Mrs. Petrie to Reno with the plans for the swimming
pool and his actual expenses to be paid by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the Board at
this time, Commissioner Bates, moved that this meeting
adjourn until Saturday morning, April 6 at the hour of

10:00 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following voter Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Corradetti.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

KING JEWELRY CO. AND
Pioneer Loan Co.

TAXI APPLICATION
Lowell T. Brown

MOTORCYCLE RENTAL
Agreement

RIGHT OF WAY
R.W. Polk

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 6, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners,
held this 6th day of April, 1946. Meeting called to order
at the hour of 9 A.M., by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin,
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall,
City Manager, T. E. Fennessy, and City Clerk, Helen Scott
Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 725 to 734
inclusive, in the net sum of $20,629.31, be approved, and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and material warrants
Nos. 735 to 738 inclusive, in the sum of $18,461.41 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Upon recommendation of George Thompson, Chief of Police,
Commissioner Bates moved that the licenses of the King Jewelry
Company Pawn shop, 111 Fremont, and the Pioneer Loan Company
  120 So. 1st, be revoked, as of this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Lowell T.

Brown to operate a taxi-cab in the City of Las Vegas, be
referred to the Chief of Police for investigation, and if a
satisfactory report is given to the City Clerk, that the
license be granted in accordance with the taxi-cab ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City approve the 

agreement for motorcycle rental with John E. Barrett, and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin, and carried unanimously, the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION
SALARY RAISES
Approved

ARCHITECT FOR BATH HOUSE

TENTATIVE SUB-DIVISION MAP
McNeil Property - Section 5
Township 21, So., Range 61 E.

MANGANESE ORE HOUSES
to be situated in
Residential Zones
1 and 2.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of April, 1946, by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,

That the deed dated the 30th of March, 1946, executed by H. W. Polk, to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property 

described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deed and the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder, of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the raise
in salary of the telephone operator from $150 to $160 per
month. Also a raise for the law clerk from $200 to $250
per month, $50 of the law clerk's salary to be paid from
the Engineering budget, said raises to be effective as of
April 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be 

authorized to negotiate with Richard Stadelman, as architect
on the bath house at the swimming pool.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the revised tentative map
of the McNeil Property, Section 5, Township 21, So., Range
61 E., be approved according to the recommendation of the
Planning Commission, which are as follows.

CONDITIONS

1. Streets

A.	Graded and surfaced - 30 feet minimum paving width. Such
width may include 24' of pavement surface with 3' oil-penetrated

shoulders. City Engineer to approve all profiles, sections and
  construction specifications.



B.	The Street indicated on the west boundary
of this tract is not essential or necessary
in the city street system and may he eliminated
from the final sub-division map.



G. Electrical

All construction is to comply with specifications
of City Engineer’s Office

It is further recommended that the owner or developer
of the sub-division shall, concurrently with the approval of
a final sub-division map by the Board of City Commissioners,
enter into an agreement with the City, agreeing to complete
improvements designated. If the designated improvements have
not been completed within an agreed period of time, and
extension may be authorized at the discretion of the Board or
the Board shall cause improvements to be completed in accordance
with the terms of the aforesaid agreement. Such agreement
should be secured by a good and sufficient performance bond
or other negotiable guarantee, in an amount not in excess of
the cost of the improvements, and approved by the Board of
City Commissioners. Any application for the release of any
such bond or guarantee shall be accompanied by a certificate
by the City Engineer stating that all required improvement
work has been satisfactorily completed in accordance with the
terms of said agreement and no such bond or guarantee should
be released or returned until such a certificate shall first
have been filed with the Board of City Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission for the location of Manganese Ore
houses be approved as follows:
SALARY RAISES
Approved

ARCHITECT FOR BATH HOUSE

TENTATIVE SUB-DIVISION MAP
McNeil Property - Section 5
Township 21, So., Range 61 E.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of April, 1946, by the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,

That the deed dated the 30th of March, 1946, executed by H. W. Polk, to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property 

described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deed and the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder, of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the raise
in salary of the telephone operator from $150 to $160 per
month. Also a raise for the law clerk from $200 to $250
per month, $50 of the law clerk's salary to be paid from
the Engineering budget, said raises to be effective as of
April 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be 

authorized to negotiate with Richard Stadelman, as architect
on the bath house at the swimming pool.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the
 following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
 Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A.	Adequate public water supply including fire hydrants
for fire protection - Fire Chief to approve location
and kind.

B.	Sewage facilities - either by city sewer or septic
tank as approved by the City Health Officer.

G. Electrical

All construction is to comply with specifications
of City Engineer's Office

It is further recommended that the owner or developer
of the sub-division shall, concurrently with the approval of
a final sub-division map by the Board of City Commissioners,
enter into an agreement with the City, agreeing to complete
improvements designated. If the designated improvements have
not been completed within an agreed period of time, and
extension may be authorized at the discretion of the Board or
the Board shall cause improvements to be completed in accordance
with the terms of the aforesaid agreement. Such agreement
should be secured by a good and sufficient performance bond
or other negotiable guarantee, in an amount not in excess of
the cost of the improvements, and approved by the Board of
City Commissioners. Any application for the release of any
such bond or guarantee shall be accompanied by a certificate
by the City Engineer stating that all required improvement
work has been satisfactorily completed in accordance with the
terms of said agreement and no such bond or guarantee should
be released or returned until such a certificate shall first
have been filed with the Board of City Commissioners.



Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission for the location of Manganese Ore
houses be approved as follows:

MANGANESE ORE HOUSES
to be situated in
Residential Zones
1 and 2.
PROCEDURE

FOR APPROVAL OF LOCATION

1.	Building Plans submitted designating nature of improvements
to be made (additions, roof treatment, exterior stucco, etc.)
together with certification of valuation of such proposed work
by the City Building Inspector or other qualified appraiser.

Such certification shall, include a statement that the proposed
building is in conformity with the character of adjacent buildings
and neighborhood and will not limit the harmonious development and
value thereof.

2.	Plot Plan, etc., designating location at which same is to be
placed.

3.	Signatures of adjoining property owners approving same
(zone exception procedure).

4.	Adherence to established procedure for moving buildings into
the City, including establishment of bond or guarantee to
insure completion of work in accordance with approved plans.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark seconded by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission, relative to the issuance of a 

building permit to C. A. Morehouse, for the completion of
two rooms at his location on Bonanza Road and Tonopah
Drive be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Ordinance #226 establishing
a recreation board, be repealed, on the grounds that it is
outmoded, and contrary to the present charter, as amended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE REPEALING ORDINANCE
NO. 226 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED AS FOLLOWS:

"AN ORDINANCE CREATING A RECREATION BOARD FOR THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS,
DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO."
was read to the Board by Title, and referred to 

Commissioners Corradetti and Baskin, for a report at the next
regular meeting.

Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Treem's Salary be raised
in accordance with comparable positions, which is #300
a month, to effective as of April 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed
to obtain estimates on proposed improvement districts from
Garces to Charleston Boulevard, and From Main Street to
Fifth Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the American Legion Post
No. 8 be granted use of the War Memorial Hall on April 10,
for a boxing bout.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following resolution be
adopted and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, the growth and development of the City of Las Vegas has proceeded
and still proceeds at an accelerated pace due to the constant and unabated influx
of population and business, and

WHEREAS, the consequent expansion in the population and business of the City
has caused an appreciable part thereof to seek abode and settlement in contiguous
territory which now necessarily represents the actual growth of the municipality
beyond its legal boundaries and	

BUILDING PERMIT
C. A. Morehouse

ORDINANCE #226
Ordered Repealed

ORDINANCE # 316
Repealing Ord.#226

SALARY - Sanitation Officer

IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT
Garces to charleston
Main to 5th

BOXING BOUT -
American Legion

RESOLUTION - Proposed
Annexation-Additional
territory
WHEREAS, a public necessity dictates the extension of the corporate
limits for the needed urban purposes of the extension of streets, sewers,
drainage, electric, gas and water systems, to supply places for the abode and

business of residents, and for the extension of needed police regulation, and

WHEREAS, such contiguous territory by reason of its proximity is
receiving benefits from the city and its facilities and will further receive enhanced
benefits and advantages from its annexation to the municipal corporation,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED this 6th day of April, 1946 by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada
that the said Board of Commissioners deems it necessary to annex 

additional territory to the City of Las Vegas, and hereby declares its 

intention to annex the following described area contiguous to the present 

corporate limits.

A strip of land in Clark County, Nevada, extending southwardly along

both sides of the Los Angeles Highway, also designated as U.S. Highway
91 and 466, between the south corporate limit boundary line of the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and the south boundary lines of
Sections 28 and 29, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B. & M. having
for its westerly boundary a line parallel to the center line of the said
Los Angeles Highway as now established, used and marked by the State
Highway Department of the State of Nevada, and being distant 1500 feet
westwardly from the said center line of Los Angeles Highway measured
perpendicular thereto. The easterly boundary of said strip being a line
parallel to the center line of the said Los Angeles Highway established
as hereinbefore described and being distant 1500 feet eastwardly from
the said center line of the Los Angeles Highway measured perpendicular
thereto, except that there shall be included in the said strip of land
at Page 31, Clark County Records, and of Country Club Addition,
recorded in Book 1 of Plats at Page 87, Clark County Records, which may
lie eastwardly from the easterly boundary of said strip of land as
hereinbefore described.

and





BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas
prepare a plat of the territory to be annexed as above described and cause
the same to be filed in the Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas, and that the said City Engineer is hereby directed so to do, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Board of Commissioners shall meet on
the 8th day of May, 1946, at 2 o'clock of the afternoon of that day to
hear objections to the annexation of said territory on the part of the
freeholders residing therein, and residents of the City of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall, and she is hereby
directed to cause notice of the date and time of said hearing on 

objections to be published twice each week for a period of two weeks in the
Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a newspaper of general circulation in
the City of Las Vegas, and to post said notice in at least three public
places in the said district sought to be annexed, and to mail said notice
to all known freeholders in said district sought to be annexed, citing
them to appear in person or by furnishing properly executed petitions
signed by a majority of the freeholders living in said district, at said
hearing, and show cause why said land should not be annexed to the City
of Las Vegas, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that, after said hearing, if a majority of
the freeholders residing in said territory sought to be annexed do not
protest, the Board of Commissioners shall pass an ordinance declaring
said territory to be annexed to and be a part of the said City of Las
Vegas, and shall order a plat of the annexed territory to be recorded
in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, whereupon
said territory shall be a part of the City of Las Vegas and subject to
all the taxes and laws thereof.

APPROVED:

s/E. W. Cragin

Mayor

ATTEST:

s/Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk



The foregoing motion was seconded by Commissioner
Baskin, carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
Voting aye; noes, none.
At this time a committee composed of Mr. Chambers, Mr. Larkin,
and Mr. Provenzano, appeared before the Board requesting that
provisions be made whereby they could use Orangeburg pipe as a
substitute for the sewer pipe now required by the plumbing code,
for the reason that sufficient pipe, as required by Code is
not available. After considerable discussion Mr. Chambers
stated that Unions would meet on Wednesday, April 10, relative
to the matter, and that they would have an answer for the Board
of City Commissioners by the morning of April 11.

His Honor at this time stated that they would recess this
meeting until Thursday April 11, at 2 P.M. to take care of
the matter.

Commissioner Bates moved that in the event the City annexes
territory south of the City, that it Will in now way affect
licensees holding gaming or liquor licenses at this time,
and that the new hotel projects now under construction or
to come under construction in the future will not be affected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti
was out of the room.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
recess until April 11 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote; Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
April 11, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 11th day of April 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2:50 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed; Absent, C. Norman
 Cornwall, City Attorney and T. E. Fennessy, City Manager.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NUMBER
292 ENTITLED, AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR THE PROTECTION OF THE
PUBLIC HEALTH AND THE EXAMINATION, REGISTRATION, AND LICENSING
AND BONDING OF PERSONS ENGAGED IN THE BUSINESS OF PLUMBING OR
LABORING IN THE TRADE OF PLUMBING; REQUIRING A PERMIT FOR THE
INSTALLATION OR ALTERATION OF PLUMBING AND DRAINAGE SYSTEMS:
CREATING THE OFFICE OF PLUMBING INSPECTOR AND A BOARD OF PLUMBER
EXAMINERS AND PRESCRIBING THEIR DUTIES: DEFINING CERTAIN TERMS
ESTABLISHING MINIMUM REGULATION FOR THE INSTALLATION, ALTERATION
OR REPAIR OF PLUMBING OR DRAINAGE SYSTEMS AND THE INSPECTION
THEREOF: PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR ITS VIOLATION AND REPEALING
CONFLICTING ORDINANCES," was read to the Board for the first
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing 

ordinance be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His 

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bates passed his vote.

THE FOREGOING PROPOSED ORDINANCE was read aloud for the second
time whereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that said ordinance
be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bates passed
his vote;

Commissioner Clark moved that the City employ Richard 

Stadleman as architect to prepare plans and specifications for the
bath houses for the new Swimming Pools.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti 

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that in order that the improvement
program slated for Charleston Boulevard between 10th Street
and the East City Limits may not be obstructed by groups within
the proposed right of way that Lot 28, Pioneer Heights addition
be acquired immediately either by outright purchase or 

condemnation.

COMMITTEE--Plumbers'
Board

LIQUOR LICENSES

PROPOSED EMERGENCY
ORDINANCE
# 317

SWIMMING POOLS
Architect for
Bath Houses hired-

 

  LAND ACQUISITION
Lot 28-Pioneer
Heights
Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting,
Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting adjourn until
April 22, at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPOSED VACATION
Portion of Alley
Lot 2-Pioneer Heights
Addition

MINUTES APPROVED

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

LEASE—Golf Course

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
22nd day of April, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the following
members present: Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Corradetti;

City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall;
and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioner Clark,

This being the time set for the hearing of the petition to vacate
certain portions of an alley lying along the easterly side of the
north-south alley in Block 2, Pioneer Heights to the City of
Las vegas as shown on Plat of said addition, page 36 in Book I
of Plats, in the records of Clark County, Nevada, and the 

following persons appeared and entered their protests:

The Las Vegas Land and Water Company, represented by
Mr. Folger protested on the grounds that they would have
to move their water line if the vacation was ordered.

Mr. John Winesky, a property owner in said block, 

protested on the grounds that he felt that the alley should
not have a jog in it and should be left as it is.

Mrs. George Gibbins, Mrs. Grace Rubidoux, and Mrs.

Bert Stephens also entered their protests stating
that they would like to have the alley remain as it is,
but that if the alley was twenty feet wide they would
not object too strenuously.

Thereafter, His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin informed them that the
Board would not make a decision at this time, but that they
would come to a decision at a later date and would notify all of
the property owners to be present when the decision was entered.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of March 22 and 28,

April 6 and 11 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 738 to 747
inclusive, in the net sum of $18,781.66 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 748 to 751 inclusive in the sum of $6,816.89 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that that certain lease dated March 31,
1946, between the City of Las Vegas and the Las Vegas Golfer's
Association be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.	
WAR MEMORIAL HALL-
Rentals

SWIMMING POOL - Bids
Advertised

POLICE DEPARTMENT
Expense Account

ORDINANCE NO. 316

PIONEER LOAN SHOP

LOG CABIN BAR—

License Revoked

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Granted

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of W. F. Dugan for use
of the Memorial Hall for commercial purposes be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark,

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
advertise for bids for the building of the swimming pools, said
bids to be opened May 22, 1946 at 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote.
Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the expenses incurred by Chief
of Police George Thompson while attending a Firearms Training
Meet in Salt Lake City, Utah, be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 226
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ENTITLED AS FOLLOWS:	'AN ORDINANCE

CREATING A RECREATION BOARD FOR THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, PROVIDING
FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS, DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO," was first proposed and read by title
to the Board of City Commissioners on the 6th day of April, 1946
and referred to a committee. At this time the committee reported
favorably on the said ordinance, which was read in full to the
Board.

Thereafter Commissioner Corradetti moved that the foregoing
ordinance be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

At this time Mr. Stanley Robinow and his attorney, Mr. Robert
Jones, appeared before the Board and requested them to reconsider
the revocation of the Pioneer Loan pawnshop license. Mr.

Robinow informed the Board that he had bought his partner out
and he now owned the business in his own name. Chief of Police,
George Thompson was present and stated that his Department had
no objection to the reissuance of the license.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the Pawn Shop license
of the Pioneer Loan Company owned by Mr. Robinow, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Upon the recommendation of the Chief of Police, Commissioner
Bates moved that the license of the Log Cabin Bar be revoked as
of this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following gaming applications
be granted:

Johnson Service Filling Station 1406 So. 5th	T. I. Mason	1 Slot

Biltmore Cleaners	508 No. Main	Jack Weisberger	1	Slot

Triangle Service	Main & 5th	T. I. Mason	1	Slot

Signal Service Station	801	Fremont	R.	Roschl	1	Slot

Johnson & Erlich	510	No. Main	L.	P. Lawrence	3	Slots

Save-on-Liquor Store	504	No. Main	L.	M. Wilson	2	Slots

El Cortez Hotel	600	Fremont	R.	Salmon	2	Slots

El Cortez Hotel	600	Fremont	R.	Salmon	1	Slot

Apache Back Bar	2nd	& Fremont	T.	I. Mason	1	Slot

Corey's Fine Foods Cafe	402 E. Fremont	Gus Corey	1	Slot

Las Vegas Club	23 Fremont	H.	Simmons	1	"21"

Harold's Drive In	600 No. Main	R.	Wittwer	1	Slot

Las Vegas Barbecue	22 Fremont	L.	DuBois	1	Slot

Richfield Service Station	5th & Fremont	L.	M. Wilson	1	Slot

Sam's Cafe	320 Fremont	S. A. Katsaros	1	Slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the Planning
Commission that H. A. Carner be granted permission to vary 

existing set-backs as established in residence Zone No. 2 on Lots 6 & 7,
Block 7, Wardie Addition, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

ZONE CASE #14 - H. A. Carner
Lots 6 & 7 - Block 7
Wardie Addition
RIGHT OP WAY—

North Main Street

RESIGNATION—Ferron C. Losee
VIRGINIA BARRETT

WESTERN STATES CONFERENCE
ASSOCIATION OF POLICE
COMMUNICATION OFFICERS

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

recommendation of the Joint-Planning Commission that the City begin 

negotiations for acquisition of certain right-of-way between Carson
and Stewart Streets from the Union Pacific Railroad,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
 vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark,

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board accept the resignation
of Ferron C. Losee as Recreation Director as per his letter of
April 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the matter of the application
of Virginia Barrett for a package liquor license at 917
Fremont is hereby reconsidered and denied in accordance
with the Resolution of the Board made on the 28th day of
March, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed
his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Clark,

Upon recommendation of the Chief of Police, Commissioner
Baskin, moved that Ralph Dow, radio technician, be allowed
$20.00 toward his expenses to attend the Western States
Conference of the Association of Police Communication
Officers in Los Angeles, California, on April 25, 26, and 27.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
adjourn until May 7 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark,

SOFT BALL LEAGUE

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of May, 1946. Meeting called to order at
the hour of 2 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; City
Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of April 22, 1946
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti; and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Andy Beatty, representing the local soft ball players
league appeared before the Board at this time and 

requested the use of the Ball Park on the City ground at
Fifth and Stewart.

At this time His Honor Mayor Cragin informed them that the
field should be available around the 1st of June; however,
that the hardball teams had heretofore requested use of this
POLICE DEPARTMENT
Expense Account
George Thompson

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PROPOSED VACATION
Portion of Alley
Block 2, Pioneer
Heights Addition

USO - Westside
LOG CABIN BAR

TURF CLUB-License
Transfer

ACQUISITION CCC
BUILDINGS

VACATION * Clem
Malone

SALARY * Leo Callihan

SOUTHERN NEVADA
INDUSTRIES
Notice of 

Hearing.

field and had been given permission to use it. As there is
 some controversy as to the location of light poles, Mayor
Cragin suggested that Mr. Beatty try to work the program out
with the Hardball League, and assured him that the City
would assist them in any way possible.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Warrant No. 765-1 

covering expenses of George Thompson to a F.B.I. meeting in
Salt Lake City, be approved in the sum of $17.35, and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 752 to
762 inclusive in the net sum of $20,467.36 be approved and
the mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 763 to 766 inclusive in the sum of $23,551.86 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that a decision be made regarding
the proposed vacation of a portion of alley in Block 2,

Pioneer Heights Addition at the regular meeting of the Board
on May 22, 1946 and the Clerk notify all parties.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a committee appeared before the Board in
behalf of financial support of the USO on Westside.

Father Carmody acted as spokesman.

His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin stated that at the present time
no decision could be given, however the Board realized the
importance of keeping the USO operating in Westside and that
this Board would do everything in its power to assist them.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Sam
Taylor for A Retail Tavern Liquor license at the Log Cabin
Bar, 122 North 1st Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Bates and Corradetti
passed their votes.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Dave
Stearns for transfer of Race Horse Book from Rex Turf
Club, 128 E. Fremont to Turf Savoy, 116 Fremont Street
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be
directed to negotiate with the Civilian Conservation Corps
to acquire title to five CCC portable frame buildings
located on City owned lands per their letter of May 3,

1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Clem Malone be granted a
vacation for the period May 1 to May 15 with pay.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Leo Callihan be paid his
salary for the month of April less the Nevada Industrial
Insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

 Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be and she
hereby is directed to cause notice on behalf of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to be served upon Southern
Nevada Industries Ltd. directing it to appear before the
BATHHOUSE PLAN

RIGHT OP WAY
N. Main Street

HELLDORADO & RODEO
Use of Barns

DEED - RIGHT OF WAY
Washington Avenue

said Board at a hearing to be held in the Commissioners
room in the War Memorial Building on Stewart and near 5th
street in Las Vegas, Nevada on the 5th day of June 1946,
at the hour of 10 O'clock A.M. of said day; and show cause
if any why the dust, noise, confusion and traffic 

congestion of heavy trucks, alleged to have been created by Southern
Nevada Industries Ltd, and existing at its place of 

business should not be declared to be a public nuisance and its
license revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board accept the plans
for the bathhouses as presented by Mr. Staleman and direct
him to proceed with the work.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti
passed his vote:

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Attorney be directed
to start proceedings against property owners on the North
Main Street whose property is encroaching on the right of
way.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the request of Lou Gammel,
director of Elk's Helldorado and Rodeo, for the use of
the City Barns and City Park be granted provided they are
covered by Public Liability and that they be out
within a week after the Helldorado is over; and further
that the Barns and ground be left in the same shape as they
were when first taken over.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

 Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Baskin, duly seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried unanimously, the following
Resolution is adopted and order made.

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this 7th day of May, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated the
second day of May, 1946, executed by Theodore and Afton Werner to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the real property described
therein, be, and is hereby accepted for the purposes and appurtenances therein
set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said deed and that the same be recorded in the office of County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be
authorized to attend the City Manager's Convention to
be held in Montreal, Canada, from June 16 to 21st
inclusive and that he be allowed not to exceed $400
for expenses.

Commissioner Baskin moved that in as much as the City
Manager was ordered to go to Reno, Nevada on City
business regarding the swimming pools and no City
car being available, Mr. Fennessy used his personal
car which broke down, during the trip necessitating
an expenditure of over $200.00, the total bill being
$248.57, the City is willing to pay $200.00 of said
bill.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE REPEALING ORDINANCE
NUMBER 226 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED AS FOLLOWS:

'AN ORDINANCE CREATING A RECREATION BOARD FOR THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, PROVIDING FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF ITS MEMBERS,
DEFINING ITS DUTIES AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO."
was read to the Board for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that said Ordinance
be approved and adopted on its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CITY MANAGER CONVENTION
Montreal, Canada

CAR EXPENSES- City
Manager

ORDINANCE NO. 316
2nd Reading
GAMING APPLICATIONS
Granted

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following gaming
applications be granted.

B & H GROCERY	402 W. Bonanza Rd.	Prank Lancaster	1 Slot

BILL'S LUNCH	217 N. Main Street	Thomas E. Kirby	1 Slot

BILLIE'S DRIVE INN	931 Fremont	Gayer Company	1 Slot

BOBBIES CAFE	506 N. Main	Richie M. Bell	2 Slots

BOULDER CLUB, Inc.	118 Fremont	A. H. Stevenson	1 Craps

1 "21"

FIRST STREET GRO.	631 S. 1st	Grant Stewart	1 Slot

LANREP BAR	13 Fremont	J. F. Miller	1 Slot

MONTE CARLO	15 Fremont	J. L. Young	1 R H Keno

OVERLAND BAR	2 Fremont	Sid Martin	2 Slots

OVERLAND LIQUOR STORE	6 Fremont	Sid Martin	1 Slot

RED BALL TRUCK STA.	629 So. Main	T/E Steckler	1 Slot

REX CLUB	128 Fremont	M.M. Bernstein	1 R.H Book

1 R.H Keno
1 Faro
1 Bridge
1 Poker

REX CLUB	128 Fremont	Ira Goldring	1 Roulette

HIGGIN'S BARBER SHOP	406 Fremont	J.M. Higgins	2 Slots

MOBIL SERVICE STATION	Main and Stewart	L.C. McKnight	1 Slot

SPORTSMAN SUPPLY CO.	406 Fremont	A. Kroloff	1 Slot

WILSHIRE SERVICE STA.	213 No. Main	James Lyons	1 Slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Roy F.
Fitzgerald for the Retail Liquor License at the Eight
Ball Bar, 117 North 1st Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the
following voter Commissioners B skin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following liquor licenses
be granted

N.	E. Lethenworth	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage	5th Street Cafe, 1503 S. 5th

W.	W. Cantrell	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage	Billie's Drive Inn, 931 Fremont

S.	Grant Stewart	Retail	Beverage	1st Street Mkt., 631 S. 1st St.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Virginia
Barrett for a Retail Liquor License, at Virginia’s Cafe,

915-917 Fremont Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti
passed his vote.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager be
authorized to bid on the following described Tax Title Land:

Section 26, Range 62 E, Township 19 South,

in a sum not to exceed $100.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City of Las Vegas construct
a four foot sidewalk and curb along the Westside of Main
Street between Stewart and Carson Street provided the Union
Pacific Railroad Company deed to the City a 20 foot strip of

VIRGINIA CAFE
Retail Liquor
License

TAX TITLE LAND

RIGHT OF WAY
Main Street

EIGHT BALL BAR
Application Granted

LIQUOR LICENSE
Granted
STATE HIGHWAY DEPT.
Refund for Sidewalk
Installation

BUILDING AND MOVING
PERMITS

TAXI CABS
HELLDORADO PARADE

PUBLIC MEETING -- RE:

land on the west side of Main Street from Carson to Stewart
Streets for right - of - way purposes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager be 

instructed to communicate with the State Highway Department
requesting them to reimburse the City for any money expended
for the construction of sidewalks and curbs along the 20 foot
strip of right-of-way between Carson and Stewart Streets
on the west side of the street to be dedicated to the
City for right-of-way.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that all applications for building
or moving permits be referred to the Building Inspector for
approval of construction; to the Planning Engineer for zoning;
and if approved by him, he is to initial the application, and
if the case should be a controversy one, the matter is to then
be referred to the Planning Commission as a body for their
approval, and then to the City Attorney for legal 

interpretation or opinion; after which the matter will be referred to
the City Commission for their action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

COMMISSIONER BATES MOVED THAT ALL APPLICATIONS FOR THE
OPERATION of Taxi Cabs within the City of Las Vegas now on
file with the Clerk be tabled until such time as the
applicants can show public necessity.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and

His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that $100,00 be allowed for
a float in the Helldorado Beauty Parade.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
recess until May 8th at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
May 8, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 8th day of May, 1946. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the 

following members present: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk
Helen Scott Reed.

This being the time heretofore set for the appearance of 

freeholders to come before this Board to show cause why the 

following described territory should not be annexed to the City of
Las Vegas. Those present were as follows:

Louis Cohen, T. a. Well, Morris Rose, and C. H. Sloan who
appeared in their own behalf. Frank McNamee, Esq. submitted
the following list of names together with formal petitions
of protest which were presented to the Board, the majority
of the persons signing the petition were present in person.
The proceedings were taken by a public stenographer and a
copy of her minutes are herewith recorded as follows:

PROPOSED ANNEXATION OF STRIP OF LAND ALONG SOUTH FIFTH
STREET, LAS VEGAS, CLARK, COUNTY, NEVADA, AS PER MAP AND
RECORDS ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA.

BEFORE:	HONORABLE E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor for the City of Las Vegas, and

THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS.

On the 8th day of May, 1946, at 2:00 P.M., at the City Hall
Building, Las Vegas, Nevada.
PRESENT: 

Louis Cohen

T.	A. Wells
Frank Dio Dato

FRANK MCNAMEE, representing

Lois Craig	Horace Goldenberg	Edith Woodard

F. W.	Backer	A. F.	Winter	Jessie M. Hunt

La Dorna B. 	Lake	Emily	L. Hunt	C. E. Caramon

Jean Pace	Isadore Teacher	Francis C. Hayes

A. H. Werner	James F. Schuylem	Elmer D. Campbell

Marian T. Campbell	Thomas A. Campbell	Stanley D. Stuart

Letea Kerns	E. J. Kerns	B. L. Doches

Louis E. Walton	Jeannie M. Walton	Burton A. Miller

Helen R. Miller	John F. Morgan,	Jr.	Anna May Weller

Sam Farkas	John Hughes	Mary B. Hughes

E.	Ranch Village, Inc.	Theodore R. Couch	Melba K. Couch

Edward Steam	Joe Schramm	Dlia Stearns

W. J.	Moore	Harold Hind	Ballard Barron

M. D.	Close	W. W.	Cole	Nate Mack

Murray W. Wollman	Jerome D. Mack	Louis Mack

Nevada Broadcasting	Harry Mack	McKesson Welch

Company	Marion B. Hicks	Clifford A. Jones

L. A. Woitishek	M. M. Sweeney	J. H. Gates

Ed Cantley, Jr.	F. L. Morledge	L. R. Harris

Hotel El Rancho,Inc.	Lillian Nelson	R. A. Kaufman

Pacific States Theatre, Ridgeview States,	Vegas Valley Develop-

Inc.	Ltd.	men Co., Ltd.

MR. FRANK MCNAMEE: These have all signed formal petitions of protest which
we will present before the meeting is over.

COMMISSIONER CLARK; Are all the signers property owners there?

MR. MCNAMEE: I have a list of all the property owners, and the list shows
those who have signed and those who have not signed. Here's a list -- it shows
everyone who owns property on that strip. A check before the name shows who
signed. Some were not contacted.

THE MAYOR: Are any other parties present not represented by counsel who
have not been named by Mr. McNamee?

MR. MORRIS ROSE responds.

MR. MCNAMEE: Gentlemen, on behalf of the names I read, I would like to
read a petition in protest that was signed by them.

(Mr. McNamee read the petition, the original of which
is on file In the City Clerk’s Office.)

Gentlemen, in support of the protest, I wish to call to your attention to
the ordinance which requires the consent of the freeholders of the part to be
annexed. It is the 1943 Amendment, which reads:

(Mr. McNamme reads Ordinance Section 2.

The Annexation of Adjacent Territory
Manner of Procedure of. Am. by Ch. 122
1937; Ch. 155, 1939; Ch. 179, 1943.)

We submit all these protests, asking that they be filed, and claiming that
they represent the protests of a majority of the freeholders residing therein, and
our contention that the City has no further jurisdiction to proceed in the matter.

MR. LOUIS COHEN: I wish at this time to protest to this annexation, and to
subscribe to all of the grounds mentioned by Mr. McNamee as reasons therefor, and
I wish that a notation be made that I own a l/6th interest in the following:

N½ of the SW¼ and the SE¼ of the SW¼ and the E½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼

all in Sec. 21, Tep. 21S, R. 61 E, MDB and M.

THE MAYOR: Is there any one present who has not signed the petition who
wishes to make a statement?

MR. WILLIAM J. MORRE, JR.: I would like to make a statement in addition
to the things already brought out. As far as the average	business in the

territory is concerned, it has its own	sewerage	disposal,	its own	water system,

its own street lighting (if they have any); Its own paving, and the only thing
that Is supplied from the outside in any way is electricity. We have sizable
Investments in these facilities just named, which investments would be duplicated
were the City to come into the territory with these facilities, and for that
reason, we can see no reason for the City coming In.

MR. R. A. KAUFMAN:	It occurs to me that probably one important point here

is missing. If I understand that ordinance right, it says, "the majority of the
freeholders.” Now, whether that would mean the amount of	acreage	 represented or

the number of people, or both, I think	It would	be a good	idea if	 somebody would

figure out the exact percentage of the acreage, and also of the number of signers,
because a majority necessarily is determined by over 50%.

THE MAYOR:	In behalf of this Board, it didn't have any Idea of going out

there and annexing the strip in order to do something disagreeable to you. We
are faced with a problem in Las Vegas that you are all familiar with, and I would
like to read some of the notes we already prepared at our meeting. We realized
that you people would come in and protest. It’s natural. We would probably 

protest too if we were out there but you can’t blame us for trying.
We are very much disappointed that the property owners in your district do
not favor annexation to the City of Las Vegas. We are beset with many problems
which must be solved, and we had hoped you would see your way clear to help out
in this manner. 

It was in realization of these problems that the Chamber of Commerce recently
undertook to increase assessed valuations within the City. Quite a campaign has
been carried on to bring this about. It was our purpose to extend this program to
the resorts along the highway which really are a part of Las Vegas and derive
their income largely from the fact that they are part of this community. If there
were no Las Vegas, there would be none of the resorts which are now flourishing
along the highway.

Let's take a look at the financial situation of the City of Las Vegas. The
voters recently approved a bond issue of one million and a half dollars for new
schools. We have no quarrel with that. We believe in giving the children of
the community the very best in educational facilities. But the money must be
raised. It must come from taxes.

In addition to that, the County is planning an addition to the courthouse,

That, we are told, will call for another $350,000 in bonds. The County Hospital
Board must ask for at	least that	amount to finance, the cost of 	the building

already built. As we understand it, the County must	reimburse	the Federal

Government for monies advanced for construction. That makes a total of more
than Two Million Dollars in bonds already on the list without anything for the
City.

Now, the original sewer system in the downtown area is about worn out. It
Is In deplorable condition both from the standpoint of service and sanitation.

It will have to be replaced before very much longer.

Several miles of	streets in	the original paving	districts	must be rebuilt.

That also is up to the City. We	have swimming pools	to build and parks to 

provide. That also takes money and we can no longer neglect these things.

It is estimated the City will require a million and a half dollars at the
least to carry on the MUST program. Where is the money coming from?

The school bond program will require an additional fifty cents on the tax rate,
which already Is at the constitutional limit of $5.00 on the hundred. Bond issues
come first. Then the county tax rate, and then the schools. The City comes last.

We are entitled to have as much as $1.50 per $100 valuation if there is that much
left after the other is taken out. With another .50¢ for bonds it will be the City
that is cut. If more bonds are voted, and they must be, the City will be cut still
further. We are facing the possibility of a rate of 70 or 80 cents when we can't
get by on $1.50.

Where is the money coming from to run your city government? To provide police
and fire protection? To keep up the streets and keep the sewer system functioning
as it should? To give the community the parks so badly needed?

The Increased valuation the Chamber of Commerce is sponsoring will help.

But it won't be enough. We felt, that in view of the stake the resorts on the
so-called "strip" have in Las Vegas, you would be willing to come in and help
share this burden. The taxes to be paid would come out of income tax and
shouldn't be too much of a burden, the way we see it. They would help the
city out tremendously.



It has been suggested that the reason we are seeking annexation is to
gain control of the licenses in these large resorts. That, at this time, we
wish to deny. Our sole purpose is to gain additional revenue to meet and extremely
serious situation.

We feel the additional protection the city could provide would be well worth
the added taxes that would be paid. But you gentlemen undoubtedly have considered
the matter carefully and feel otherwise.

We believe you will agree you are a part of the community of Las Vegas. We
have attempted a solution of our problem by annexing the area in which you operate.
You oppose that move. We feel it is no more than right that we should call upon
you for suggestions as to how to meet the condition we have outlined. Maybe you
can advise us as to another method of raising these funds. We would be glad to
have your ideas on the subject and feel you owe it to us to cooperate. This is
your community as much as ours. An impoverished city government will hurt you as
much as it will the people in town. What have you to offer?

According to the interpretation of the law, the protests are in line, and we
can forget the whole thing. We expected a protest to this proposed annexation but
not so much, and you have shown us that you don't want any part of us.

As soon as the protests are checked by our City Attorney, we will notify you
of the result.

Q. For our own information, Mr. McNamee, are those people who protested
residents?

MR. MCNAMEE: They are all property owners there, as well as all the residents.

THE MAYOR: The reason I ask that is that the Charter means freeholders, who are
residents.

MR. MCNAMEE: I realize that you have to check those who are and who aren't.
C. NORMAN CORNWALL (City Attorney): As a matter of fact, do you know that
those protestants are residents?

MR. MCNAMEE: I know that the majority are residents on that list.

WM. J. MOORE, JR.: I would like to ask a question. You have problems. That
we know and, naturally, we feel that you should have more money. Is it not possible
for the County — in other words, this revaluation -- the work that is carried on
by the Chamber of Commerce, and the streets put on revaluation, doesn't that also
apply to the County: In other words, we know that revaluation on a lot of that
property is coming up. Is there some way that the County can help the City?

THE MAYOR: No, Mr. Moore, because your tax rate is now $5.00 according to
law, and your bond issues take precedence over everything else. The schools will
take 50¢ of that tax rate; then the State rate, and then the County comes in and
sets their rate. They take into consideration their outstanding bond indebtedness,
and what's left, the City Gets— $1.30 left for us. The bonds that we have 

outstanding comes out of that $1.30 first. We figure that after these bond issues —
the schools and the County — that the City will wind up with about a 70¢ tax rate,
and out of that 70¢ we must pay our bonded indebtedness, which is $350.00 

outstanding, and for pools and a new jail. If we have a two million dollar bond issue,
we could use every cent of it to improve the City but we are placed in a serious
position and we must go out and start tapping the merchants for more revenue. The
law says that the City is entitled to a $1.50, but it doesn't say it has to give
it to us. Last year, we got $1.50, and it raised $180,000 and revenue. Our Police
Department cost over $100,000, and the Fire Department $60,000, and we don't have
enough men at that. We have more police here than other towns of this size but
if we didn't have the gambling and the liquor, we wouldn’t need so many. So when
we asked you to join us and be a part of the City of Las Vegas, we weren't trying
to do something to you; we were asking you, as residents of Las Vegas, as well as
the County, to share the burden of the expense.

(MEETING CLOSED.)

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized
to exspend $50.00 for a one-half page ad in the V.F.W.
Encampment to be taken out of the Commissioner's Publicity
Fund.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bates
was put of the room.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting
adjourn until May 22 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 22nd day of May, 1946. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark at the hour of 2 P. M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, 

Corradetti; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed. Absent:	City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall and

Mayor E. W. Cragin

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of May 7 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.

VETERANS OF FOREIGN
WARS ** Ad
PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

WEATHER BUREAU —

Lease Renewal



PETITION — Vacation of
Portion of Alley & Street
Meadows Addition

VACATION -- Portion of Lot
4 in Block 3, Grandview
Addition

SWIMMING POOL - Bids Opened

RESOLUTION - Special
Sidewalk Assessment
#1 - 1946

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 768 to 776
inclusive in the net sum of $18,473.97 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service & Material Warrants No.s
777 to 783 inclusive in the sum of $20,174.71 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the notice of renewal of lease
for premises at McCarran Field, Las Vegas, Nevada to the
United States Department of Commerce Weather Bureau be 

approved for the period beginning July 1, 1946 and ending
June 30, 1947 Inclusive.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Cragin.

A Petition dated May 9, 1946 and signed by three freeholders
requesting that a portion of Cincinnati Street extending from
the easterly line of South 5th Street eastwardly to the 

easterly boundary line of Meadows Addition and the easterly end of
the east-west alley in Block 2 Meadows Addition extending from
the easterly line of South 5th Street eastwardly to the 

easterly boundary line of Meadows Addition was presented to the
Board, and upon motion of Commissioner Bates the petition
was referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Cragin.

A Petition signed by three property owners requesting the
City to vacate, deed and transfer to the primary petitioners
that a portion of Lot 4 in Block 3 in the Grandview Addition
as shown on the Map attached to said Petition was upon motion
of Commissioner Bates referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Cragin.

At this time bids for the construction of the swimming pools
in the City of Las Vegas were opened and recorded from the
following firms:

Fleetwater Pool Company	Ventura Blvd. - Sherman Oaks, California	$89,800.00

Security Engineers	223½ No. 2nd - Las Vegas, Nevada	188.000.00

On motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this 22nd day of May, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, Nevada, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby
directed to report to the City Assessor a description of the lot and premises contained
in Special Assessment Roll number 1-1946 by the City Clerk, and recorded in the Office
of the Assessor on the 25th day of March 1946, together with the name of the owner or
occupant against whom the assessment was made, and the amount of the assessment levied
upon said lot and premises, the entire amount thereof to be paid at once, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Assessor be and he hereby Is requested to
levy the sum so assessed as a tax upon the said lot and premises to which It was assessed,
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that upon receiving such report, the City Assessor shall
levy said sum therein mentioned upon the lot and premises to which they were assessed,
and against the person chargeable therewith, as a tax in the general assessment roll
RESOLUTION

Resolved that the City of Las Vegas, acting by and thru its Mayor, be and he
is hereby authorized to sell the following described parcel of ground situated in the
N½ of the SW¼ of the NW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 16, T.21S., R.61E., M.D.B. & M. County
of Clark, State of Nevada, described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the point of intersection of the left
or westerly fifty (50) foot Highway right of way line and the
north boundary of the SW¼ of the NW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 16,

T.-21S., R.61#., M.D.B. & M., which bears N.89°00'07" W. a 

distance of 52.16 feet from Highway Engineer's Station "o"956-
15.44 P.O.C., said point of beginning being further described
as bearing S 20°58' E. a distance of 710.05 feet from the west
one-quarter corner of said Section 16; thence from a tangent
which bears S.17°47'60" W. curving to the left along said right
of way line with a radius of 4062.00 feet thru an angle of
00°31'01" a distance of 35.47 feet to a point; thence N.89°00'07" W.
a distance of 98.44 feet to a point: thence N.O°54'43" E. a distance of
34.00 feet to a point on the north boundary of the SW¼ of the NW¼
of the SW¼ of said Section 16; thence S.89°00'07" E. along said
boundary line a distance of 108.64 feet to the point of beginning,
and containing an area of 3520.36 square feet more or less,

now belonging to the undersigned, for the sum of One ($1) Dollar and for the purpose
of cooperating with and assisting the State of Nevada, Department of Highways in
securing sufficient room upon which to provide space for the relocation of certain
improvements of Grace Hayes and known as the"Red Rooster Night Club" and for the
reason that, due to the reconstruction of the State Highway and the acquisition of
right of way to accommodate the same, said "Red Rooster Night Club", will have to be
moved and that said Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to make, execute and deliver
good and sufficient transfers of and deed to the above mentioned described property,
and to sigh the name of the City of Las Vegas thereto, and to affix its corporate
seal.

I hereby certify that at a regular meeting of the City Council of the City of
Las Vegas, the above Resolution was unanimously adopted; that said Resolution was duly
recorded in the minutes of said meeting.

Dated this 22nd day of May, 1946

s/ Helen Scott Reed______________

City Clerk

MASTER ELECTRICIANS' BOARD
Ralph Hensinger

APPLICATION -- Federal Aid
Sewer System

RESOLUTION -- Deed to

Grace Hayes

next thereafter made, in a column for special assessments, and the County Assessor, acting
Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall extend the same on said roll in the same manner as state
and county taxes and assessments are extended, and thereupon the amount so levied in said
assessment roll by the county tax receiver, acting ex-officio city tax receiver, and in
the same manner, and shall continue to be a lien upon the premises assessed until paid,
and when collected shall be credited to the proper funds, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that nothing herein contained shall be construed as 

preventing the City of Las Vegas from collecting the special assessment hereinabove set forth
by suit in the name of the City of Las Vegas in the manner provided by law, and the said
special assessment roll and the certified resolution confirming it, as recorded, shall
be prima facie evidence of the regularity of the proceedings in making the assessment
and of the right of the City to recover judgment therefor.

Commissioner Bates moved that the appointment of Ralph
Hensinger to the Master Electrician's Board be referred
to the Electrical Board for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to
file an application for Federal Aid for advance planning for
the sewer system and disposal plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their
consideration:
RIGHT OF WAY-- State of

Nevada

BOY SCOUT BUS -- Transfer

Title

TERMINATION OF LEASE
USO Building -
Westside

CITY PARK — Removal of
Toilet Facilities

USO BUILDING—Stewart St.
Duffy's Tavern

QUITCLAIM DEED —

Highway Purpose
R/W Dyke

QUITCLAIM DEED —
Extension of Oakey Blvd.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following described
land be deeded to the State Highway for right-of-way
for public highway and that the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to execute said deed.

Beginning at a point on the left or westerly now existing 40
foot highway right-of-way line which bears north 88°42' W. a distance of
28.32 feet from Highway Engineer's Station "O"950+61.25 P.O.C., said point
of beginning further described as bearing S.06°41'38" E. a distance of
1218.58 feet from the west one-quarter corner of said Section 16; thence
N.88°42' W. a distance of 22.25 feet to a point on the new proposed left
or westerly 50 foot highway right of way line; thence from a tangent which
beam N.09°50'55" E. curving to the right along said 50 foot highway right
of way line with a radius of 4062 feet thru an angle of 07°56'55" a distance
of 563.52 feet to a point on the north boundary of the SW¼ of the NW¼ of the
SW¼ of said Section 16; thence S.89°00'07" E. along said boundary line a
distance of 22.99 feet to a point on the now existing left or westerly 40
foot highway right of way line; thence from a tangent which bears S.17°53'29W.
curving to the left along said right of way line with a radius of 4040 feet 
thru an angle of 07°59'45" a distance of 563.80 feet to the point of
beginning.

Said right of way for Public Highway containing an area of
0.302 acres, more or less.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City transfer its interest
In the Boy Scout Bus to the Boy Scouts of America.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City approve the 

termination of the lease with the United Service Organization, Inc.
for the property at 311 Jefferson Street in accordance with
the terms of the lease dated June 8, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed
to remove the toilet facilities in the City Park because of
unsaintary conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed
to allow the Chamber of Commerce to use the USO building on
Stewart Street for broadcasting Duffy's Tavern May 24, and
see that proper insurance is furnished.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of May, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
14th day of May, 1946, executed by C. L. and Pearl Hennon and Jerry G. and Irma D.

Masek to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and Intentions
as therein set forth: and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed In the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made: 
WILSHIRE SERVICE STATION
Gaming Application



ZONE CASE No. 15
C. M. Lisenbee

PERMIT — Public Utilities
Bonanza Village

GAMING APPLICATIONS

SEWERAGE WORKS ASSOCIATION
Monterey, California
Delegate to Convention

QUITCLAIM DEED —
Extension of Oakey Blvd.

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of May, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 19th
day of January, 1943, executed by Lascelle Reserve de Basily, Joseph F. Haggerty,

Emilie G. Haggerty, New York and Las Vegas Investment Co., the Overton Syndicate
Ltd. to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made: 

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of May, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
5th day of February, 1943, executed by Jessie N. Hunt to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board,

Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. George Treem be sent to
Monterey, California, June 9, 10, and 11 to attend a convention
of the Sewerage Workers Association and that he be allowed
expenses not to exceed $50.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Cragin.

The following applications for gaming licenses were presented
to the Board at this time for their consideration:

Corey's Fine Foods	A. Kroloff	402	Fremont	2	slots

Corey's Fine Foods	Gus D. Corey	402	Fremont	1	slot

Nevada Bar	A.	Kroloff	115	No.	1st	1	slot

Rex Club	M.	M. Bernstein	128	Fremont	1	Poker

Savoy Grill	L.	P. Lawrence	620	So.	5th	2	slots

Round-Up Tavern	James Lyons	501	Jackson	1	slot

Tivoli Bar	A. Kroloff	126 No. 1st	 	1 slot

Esquire Bar	A.	Kroloff	120	So.	1st	1	slot

Bobbie's Cafe	T.	R. Patten	502	No.	Main	1	slot

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications be
granted and the City Clerk be directed to issue City licenses
for same. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Norvelle R.
Snyder for a license for one slot machine at the Wilshire
Service Station at 9th & Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

recommendation of the Planning Commission to permit a zone
exception for commercial use of lots 21 and 22, Block 6,
Meadows Addition, in accordance with conditions stipulated
in said recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and
His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the 

Planning Commission for a special permit be approved; permitting
the use of a portion of Lot 5, Block 7, Bonanza Village for
the installation of a transformer station by the Public
Utility Company, furnishing service to that area, and that
such approval be issued on the conditions contained in the
said recommendation.
PROPOSED VACATION—
Boulder Street

SWIMMING POOL BIDS —
Bid Awarded

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 5, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this 5th day of June, 1946. Meeting called to
order at the hour of 10 A. M. by His Honor Mayor E. W.

Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners
Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman
Cornwall; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen
Scott Reed.

This being the time heretofore set for Southern Nevada 

Industries Ltd. to appear before this Board at a hearing to
show cause, if any, why the dust, noise, confusion and
traffic congestion of heavy trucks existing at their place
of business should not be declared a public nuisance and
their license revoked.

At this time Robert Jones, Esq. of the firm of Jones, Wiener
and Jones, representing Southern Nevada Industries Ltd.,
submitted three petitions signed by businessmen in that
area. Mr. Jones stated that all of the people objecting
to Southern Nevada Industries Ltd. operating from their
present location had entered into business long after
Southern Nevada Industries Ltd. was established. Mr. Jones
also stated that the Southern Nevada Industries Ltd. was
situated on the only two truck routes in the City and how
could anyone object on that basis when trucks were parked
along this road at all hour of the day and night.

Madison B. Graves, Esq. of the firm of Morse & Graves, 

representing the objectors, answered Mr. Jones' statement
alone the lines that the Southern Nevada Industries Ltd.
does create a noise and interferes with the Health and 

property of the surrounding inhabitants.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the report of the Planning
Commission relating to a petition to vacate Boulder Street
between Main Street and 2nd Street be filed, and that the
petitioner be advised that this vacation cannot be acted
upon at this time because of conditions outlined in the
said report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates made the following statement: "Your
Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Clark, and City Council, Ladies and
Gentlemen. It give me indeed a great deal of pleasure
at this time to make the motion accepting the bid of the
Fleetwater Pool Company In the sum of $89,800.00 for the
construction of swimming pools for the City of Las Vegas,
which we have needed for some time."

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent; Mayor Cragin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
recess until June 5 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent; Mayor Cragin.
Mr. Jones stated that there had been no showing made that any
person's health or safety had been impaired by the operation
of the plant.

Mr. Graves stated that he was willing to produce any of the
objectors and have them testify in front of the Commission.

At this time Mayor Cragin stated that all the members of the
Board were familiar with the conditions.

Commissioner Clark asked what part of Southern Nevada Industries
Ltd. was moving; at which time Mr. H. W. Polk, owner of Southern
Nevada Industries Ltd., stated that the industry is now for sale,
but that the transmix and silo had been sold to Las Vegas 

Building and Materials Co., Also, when Mr. Henderson, the owner of
the aforementioned business moved his property off, it would
take away most of the nuisance complained of and that Southern
Nevada Industries Ltd. would remove the ramp which should be
accomplished within the next forty-five days. At this time the
plant is not in operation due to lack of parts, but should be in
operation this week. Mr. Polk also stated that if the plant does
not work out as he expects it to and should prove to be a hazard
to health and safety that he will come before the Board asking:
them to designate a location suitable to move the plant to,
and that he would do so.

Commissioner Bates stated at this time that his experience has
taught him that plants of this nature could be a hazard to
health.

Commissioner Corradetti said that if the plant should be
found to be a menace to health and safety that the Board would
be obligated to revoke the license.

At this time Mr. Polk made a statement regarding the 

installation of his oil tanks at the place of business of Southern
Nevada Industries Ltd. He said that he had installed them
above ground and that at the present time they were full,
after which he was notified by the City that they had to be
underground, or be surrounded by sufficient dikes as provided
for by the Fire Prevention Code of the City of Las Vegas; and
that as soon as the tanks were empty, which should take about
thirty days, he would put them underground as required by
ordinance.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until 2 p.m., June 7, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 7th day of June, 1946, Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m. with the 

following members present: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney, C.
Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of May 22 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 784 to 792
inclusive and 799 in the net sum of $20,404.45 which includes
the check for Leo Callihan for the month of May in the sum of

$90.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
CCC CAMP - Water

Installation

R/W - WASHINGTON AVENUE
Max Kelch

sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to 

negotiate with the Las Vegas Land & Water Company for the 

installation of water at the CCC Camp, and that he be authorized to 

expend up to $600.00 for the installation of a nine line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner Baskin
and carried unanimously the following resolution was adopted and
order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of June, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners of the city
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated the 25th day of May, 1946
executed by Maxwell Kelch and Laura Belle Kelch to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution was 

adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of June, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the right of way agreement dated the
17th day of May, 1946 executed by Thomas Sharpe to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said right of
way agreement and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager be authorized
to trade in one of the motorcycles of the Police Department on
the purchase of a new Harley-Davidson. Said old machine to be
turned in for $332.00 and the new one to be equipped with a
radio at a cost of approximately $150.00 leaving a balance of
approximately $3392.10,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the proposed
general alignment of the right of way needed to establish an
ultimate connection of Bonanza Road between North 5th Street and
North 9th Street. Further that the City Manager be instructed
to negotiate for right of way of certain lands now held by the
Las Vegas Land & Water Company in that vicinity.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Rates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City approve sending Lisle
Bordwell to Ely, Nevada July 12, 13 and 14 to attend the 

Nevada Peace Officers Association Convention as a representative
of the Las Vegas Police Department, at an expense not to 

exceed $50.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT

Motorcycle purchase

BONANZA ROAD —

Alignment Approved

NEVADA PEACE OFFICERS
Convention

R/W - WASHINGTON AVENUE
Thomas Sharpe
BATHHOUSES -- Agreement
Richard Stadleman

VACATION - Claud C.
Sargent

GAMING & LIQUOR ----

Applications Granted

LEASE AGREEMENT - U.S.
GOVERNMENT PROPHYLAXIS
STATION -- Westside

KING JEWELRY —

Pawn Shop Application

COOLIDGE STREET

BAPTIST CHURCH BUILDING
Removal

SOUTHERN NEVADA IND. Ltd
RE:	License

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign that certain agreement made the 15th day of
May by and between the City of Las Vegas and Richard Stadleman
AIA for architectural services on a bathhouse building at Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Claud C.

Sargent for a thirty to sixty day leave of absence without pay
beginning July 1 of this year be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The following applications were presented to the Board for
their consideration:

Mom's Lunch	1400	Fremont	Street   Rose Anzuloni	Retail	Res.	Beverage

Shamrock Cafe	1501	South 5th	Connie Baez	Retail	Res.	Beverage

Silver St. News Stand	117	South	2nd	L. P. Lawrence	3	slots

Silver Club	108	North	1st	John H. Blanford	1	Poker

Corey's Fine Foods	402	Fremont	Gus D. Corey	1	Slot

Sav-On-Liquor Store	504	North	Main	L. M. Wilson	1	Slot

Mom's Lunch	1400	Fremont	Rose Anzuloni	2 Slots

Sal Sagev Restaurant	5 Fremont	A. Kroloff	1 Slot

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing applications be
granted and authorize the City Clerk to issue licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas enter into
an agreement with the U. S. Government for the leasing of the
building heretofore used as a prophylaxis station on Westside
for an annual rental of $1.00 and the Mayor and City Clerk are
hereby authorized to sign said agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An application from the King Jewelry Company, 108 Fremont Street
signed by its new manager Irwin Litchtig for a loan shop license
was referred to the Police Department for recommendation.

A petition signed by several property holders in the vicinity of
Coolidge Street heretofore vacated by the City of Las Vegas 

requesting that the vacation be set aside was presented to Mr.

Cragin by Fred Callihan, who In turn referred said petition to
the City Attorney for an opinion.

 At this time a letter dated May 23, 1946 addressed to Mr. O. J.
Morling, Building Inspector and signed by F. C. Carpenter was
presented to the Board requesting that zone exception be made
allowing him to move the Baptist Church building now located
at 7th & Fremont to the North-East Corner of 7th and Ogden Streets.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that said petition be 

referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This 7th day of June, 1946 the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas having completed its deliberations on the petitions
to declare the business of Southern Nevada Industries Ltd., to be
a public nuisance and to revoke its license, Commissioner Clark
moved that the following order be made:

ORDER

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas having been petitioned by 

residents and property owners of the locality affected to declare the operation of the 

business of Southern Nevada Industries, Ltd., near the northwest corner of Charleston 

Boulevard and Main Street, in the City of Las Vegas, to be a public nuisance, to cause its
abatement, and to revoke the license of said business, and the said Southern Nevada
Industries, Ltd., having been duly served with written notice to appear before the said
Board at a hearing to be held in the Commissioners' Room in the War Memorial Building
on Stewart Avenue and Fifth Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 5th day of June, 1946,
at the hour of 10:00 a.m. of that day, and show cause, if any it has, why the conditions
existing at its place of business should not be declared to be a public nuisance and
its license revoked, and the said Board having held a hearing at said time and place,
and Madison B. Graves, Esq., of the firm of Morse and Graves, having appeared at said
hearing on behalf of said petitioners, and Robert E. Jones, Esq., of the firm of Jones
Wiener and Jones, having appeared on behalf of Southern Nevada Industries, Ltd., and
the said Board having been advised by H. W. Polk, the owner of Southern Nevada 

Industries, Ltd., at said hearing that a portion of the plant will be removed at an early
date, thus eliminating a good part of the conditions complained of,

NOW, after hearing counsel for and against the aforesaid petitions, and after
considering the petitions filed for and against the continued operation of the 

business aforesaid, and due deliberation having been had thereon, the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas find the business of Southern Nevada Industries
as it is now being operated, is not a public nuisance and that its license to carry
on such business should not be revoked, and it is therefore

ORDERED that the petitions filed by the aforesaid residents and property owners
affected, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:

Voting Aye; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin.
Voting Nay:	None

Absent:	None

POLICE STATION —

Bids Let

AMENDMENT ORDINANCE
No. 165

PROPOSED ANNEXATION —
5th Street Strip

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to 

advertise for bids for the construction of the Police Station, said
bids to be opened on July 8 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be instructed to
draw up an amendment to amend Section 8 of Ordinance No. 165 to
eliminate the necessity of filing the numbers of individual slot
machines with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that inasmuch as sufficient freeholders
has signed the petition of protest to the annexation of South Fifth
Street adjacent to the city limits that such proposed annexation
is hereby abandoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until June
22 at the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
22nd day of June, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 10 a.m. with the following members 

present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti; City Attorney C.

Norman Cornwall; Acting City Manager George Rittenhouse; and City
PAYROLL CLAIMS
APPROVED

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS APPROVED

WOODLAWN CEMETERY—
Changes in rate

Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Clark and City

Manager T. E. Fennessy.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of May 22, June 5,
and June 7 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that payroll claims Nos. 802 to 809
inclusive and 814 in the net sum of $18,244.01 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

 Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrants No.
810 to 813 inclusive and 815 and 816 in the sum of $16,304.27
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti. and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

As per recommendation of George F. Maxwell, sextant of Woodlawn
Cemetery, Commissioner Bates moved that the following changes in
rate and rules at Woodlawn Cemetery be approved:

I.	Section 0 & F, all lots priced at $50.00

II.	Perpetual Care for all adult lots $20.00 a grave.

III.	Perpetual Care for all baby lots $10.00 a grave.

IV.	For the disinterment or removal of bodies:

a)	From one grave to another within the cemetery

1.	Adults $35.00

2.	Babies 20.00

b)	Removal to another cemetery

1.	Adults $20.00

2.	Babies 12.50

V.	An additional charge of $5.00 to cover the set-up of a
lowering device.

Opening charge for an oversize additional grave up to
7 feet by 35 inches be set at $17.50 plus the $5.00 

cost for the lowering device.

a)	Additional grave openings for steel vault be set
at $20.00 plus $5.00 for the lowering device.

b)	Additional grave openings for concrete vault be
set at $25.00 plus $5.00 for the lowering device.

c)	Cementing in of an additional grave shall be $60.00
which includes the opening, plus $5.00 for the 

lowering device.

3) The maximum size opening for a baby grave shall be
2 feet by 3 feet 8 inches, and the charge is 

recommended at $7.50.

No burial shall be permitted in the cemetery without an
outside burial case of either wood, steel, or cement
with the exception of the burial of indigents in the
county section.

VI.	Cemetery rules:

a)	All arrangements for interment must be made at
least 48 hours in advance of the final date, and
all outside burial receptacles except the concrete
vault must be at the cemetery at least 24 hours
before the funeral.

b)	The gates at the Cemetery are to be opened at 7 a.m.
and to be closed not later than sundown. This rule
applies to all days, except official holidays. 

During the summer months when the late crew is kept on
for watering purposes the gates will remain open
until they have completed their work. The foot gate
at the end of the cemetery is not to be closed to
the public at any time.

c)	There are six lots remaining in the plot last 

purchased by the County for indigent burials. It is
recommended that in use of additional lots for the
County that the full purchase price provided in our
schedule be paid by the County and the charge for
RESOLUTION - Accepting
Deed — R/W Washington
Boulevard

PETITION to Set Aside
Vacation of Coolidge
Avenue

APPLICATION for Pawn
Shop License - Irwin
Litchtig - Denied

BOARD OF EXAMINERS
AND APPEALS
1943 Building Code

MC NEIL TRACT - Street
Dedication

burial expenses in the County lots to be set at the 

regular fee of $15.00, and $20.00 per grave for perpetual
care.

The foregoing rates to become effective as of this date.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution is
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this 22nd day of June, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 10th day of
June, 1946 executed by Arthur Lyon and Bertha Lyon, husband and wife, to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be
and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder, of the County of Clark
State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the petition presented by Fred
Callihan to set aside the vacation of Coolidge Avenue be denied
and the City Clerk be directed to so inform Mr. Callihan and 

submit to him a copy of the City Attorney's opinion in connection
therewith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Upon recommendation of the Chief of Police, Commissioner Bates
moved that the application of Irwin Litchtig for a Pawn Shop license
at King’s Jewelry Store be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

At this time the opinion of the City Attorney regarding the
validity of the Pawn Shop Ordinance No. 207 was read and ordered
filed.

As provided by Section 305 of Chapter 3 of the 1943 Uniform 

Building Code, Mayor Cragin appointed the following members to the
Board of Examiners and Appeals:

Ryland G. Taylor
Al Worswick
Richard Stadelman
R. M. Finlayson
G. E. Franklin
C. G. Petrie
O. J. Morling

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the
appointments made by the Mayor, and direct the City Clerk to write
the new members expressing the appreciation of the Board for their
acceptance of the appointment; and direct the city manager to call
a meeting to adopt reasonable rules and regulations for conducting
their investigations in compliance with Section 305 of the Chapter
3 of the 1943 Uniform Building Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the motion of April 6, 1946 relative
to the revised tentative map of the McNeil Property Section 5,
Township 21 South, Range 62-E, be amended to eliminate Section B
under Item one entitled "Streets", as provided by recommendation
of the Planning Commission under date of April 4, 1946, and in the
new section the letter be corrected to read as follows; to wit:

"That the street indicated on the west boundary of this tract be
dedicated for a 30 ft. width and the sub-dividers be required to
pave a 20 ft. strip thereof.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.
PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 318 - Special
Assessments

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 319 - Amending
Ordinance No. 165

USS NEVADA FLAG

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 28, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 28th day of June 1946. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W, Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m, with the 

following members present: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent: City Manager T.E.

Fennessy and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall,

At this time Mr. Sam Stearns appeared before the Board in support
of his application for the granting of a license to operate a
gambling house at 113 No. 1st Street.

  Mayor Gragin stated that he would be notified as to the decision
of the Board.

The following applications were presented to the Board for renewal
of gaming licenses for the third quarter of 1946:

F. HERNANDEZ GROCERY   410 Morgan Street	Frank Lancaster	3	Slots

B & H GROCERY	402 W. Bonanza	Frank Lancaster	3	slots

LANREP BAR	13 Fremont	Abe Miller	6	slots

SAL SAGEV HOTEL	Fremont &	Main	Abe Miller	3	slots

SAL SAGEV RESTAURANT    Fremont &	Main	Abe Miller	2	slots

STANDARD MARKET	602 So. 5th	L. P. Lawrence	3	slots

PRIME MEATS & PROVISIONS 820 So. 5th	L. P. Lawrence	4 slots

DON BORAX VARIETY	413 No. Main	L. P. Lawrence	3	slots

NEW OVERLAND CAFE	6 Fremont	Sun Wing Won	4	slots

SPIC 'N SPAN	124½ North 1st	Morton Goldring	3	slots

ITALIAN KITCHEN	419 South 5th	Nash Ferrindelli	2	slots

RICHFIELD GAS STATION   300 Fremont	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

JOHNSON & ERLICH	421 North	Main	L. P. Lawrence	3	slots

SAVOY GRILL	620 South	5th	L. P. Lawrence	3	slots

SILVER STATE NEWS STAND 117 So. 2nd	L. P. Lawrence	3 slots

JOE'S LUNCH	119 North 1st	L. P. Lawrence	2	slots

EL MORROCO	E & Jackson	Frank Wilson	3	slots

1	-	"21" game

2	-- Poker

1	-	Crap Table

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Renewals

 An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION
OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING 

COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING UNITS WITH PARKWAY CABLE AND ORNAMENTAL
STANDARD ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID
CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE PAID
ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS INCLUDED 

WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING
TO BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM
THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; AND OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO," was read to the Board by title and referred
to Commissioners Corradetti and Bates for recommendation at the
next regular meeting of the Board.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 6, SECTION
8, AS AMENDED, AND SECTI0N 9, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE NO. 165
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED; 'AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT
GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR, REGULATING THE SAME,
FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSE, PROVIDING A PENALTY THEREFOR,
REPEALING ORDINANCE NOS. 77, 82, 88, 103 and 116, AND ALL 

ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH," was
read to the Board by title and referred to Commissioners Baskin
and Bates for recommendation at the next regular meeting of the
Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that the flag of the USS NEVADA 

heretofore presented to the City be framed under the supervision of
Mayor Cragin.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting recess
until June 28 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark,
BEACON SHOP	112	North	3rd	L.	P.	Lawrence	3	slots

FREMONT TAVERN	105	South	1st	L.	P.	Lawrence	5	slots

ELDORADO CLUB	128 Fremont	Moe Sedway	24 slots

(Formerly Rex Club)	3-21 Games

2 - Craps
2 - Roulette
1 - RH Book

ESQUIRE BAR	120	South	2nd	L.	R.	Schway	4	slots

BOULDER LIQUOR STORE	423	Fremont	L.	R.	Schway	4	slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL	600 Fremont	Raymond Salmon (Casino) 8 Slots

2-21 Games
1 - Roulette
1 - Crap

(Hotel) 10 slots
(Cafe)	2	slots

COREY'S FINE FOODS	402 Fremont	Gus Corey	5	slots

WESTSIDE TAVERN	206 Wilson	J. Chewning	4	slots

CHARLESTON INN	19 Charleston	A. R. Stowell	3	slots

TIVOLI TAVERN	126 North 1st	A. B. Gaut	3	slots

Las Vegas Barbecue	22 Fremont	Louis DuBois	4	slots

JOHN’S DESERT IN	1507 South 5th	John Anton	1	slot

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR	822 Fremont	C. M. Travis	2	slots

SAM'S CAFE	320 Fremont	John Katsaros	6	slots

CHEVRON SER. STATION	1328 South 5th	Bucknam Distributing	1	slot

TRIANGLE SERVICE	5th & Main	Bucknam Distributing	1	slot

HERBERT'S ASSOC. SER.	3rd & Fremont	Bucknam Distributing	1	slot

HOUSE OF MURPHY	1407 South 5th	Bucknam Distributing	3	slots

APACHE BACK BAR	2nd & Fremont	Bucknam Distributing  l slot

JOHN’S DESERT IN	1507 South 5th	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

MALT SHOP 	5th & Carson	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

MONTE CARLO CLUB	15 Fremont	J. L. Young	4 slots

1	- Pan

2	- Poker
2-21 Games

1	- RH Keno

2	- Craps
1 - Faro

1 - Roulette

MALT SHOP	5th & Carson	Jack Weisberger	1	slot

TIP'S CAFE	1714 South 5th	Jack Weisberger	3	slots

FOOD CENTER	770	Fremont	Albert Goot	5	slots

MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE	106	Fremont	M. H. Gordon	4	slots

S.W. LIQUOR STORE	101	Carson	Max Gordon	3	slots

1st STREET GROCERY	631	South 1st	S. Grant Stewart	1	slot

OLD RANCH MARKET	900	North 5th	Jack Furnace	1	slot

OASIS NURSERY	808	South 5th	Jack Furnace	1	slot

LARNIN DRUG STORE	813	South 5th	Jack Furnace	3	slots

HAROLD'S DRIVE IN	600	North Main	Reed Wittwer	5	slots

VICTORY SAND. SHOP	116	South 1st	Mrs. Silvia Saunders 1	slot

NEVADA COFFEE SHOP	113	North 1st	George J. Adras	2	slots

CLUB SAVOY	116	Fremont	Walter R. Schur	4	slots

6 slots

2-	21 Games
1 - Crap

1 - Roulette
6 slots

5th ST. LIQUOR STORE	727 South 5th	Gordon W. Potter	3	slots

GOLDEN NUGGET	3rd & Fremont	M. T. Shorie     1 - Poker

1	- Craps

FRONTIER CLUB	117 Fremont	M. T. Shorie	37 slots

2	- Craps

3-	21 Games
2 - Roulette
1 - Pan

4 - Poker
1	- RH Keno

1 - Hopper Keno
1 - RH Book
1 - Big 6 Wheel

LIDO BAR	107	North	1st	Anna Mae Weller	5	slots

GOLDEN CAMEL BAR	110	North	1st	Joe	Morgan	4	slots

SILVER CAFE	106	North	1st	Joe	Morgan	4	slots

SILVER CLUB	108	North	1st	Joe	Morgan	2	slots

1 - Crap
2-21 Games
1 - Roulette

VIRGINIA'S CAFE	917	Fremont	Virginia Barrett	1 slot

2 slots

CORK »N BOTTLE	508	Fremont	Ed Van Tassel	3 slots

FREMONT ARCADE	103	Fremont	M. B. Abrams	34 slots

1 - Crap
1-21 Game

SLOT MACHINE	103	Fremont	M. B. Abrams	36 slots

FOREIGN CLUB	188	North 1st	Walter Argyle	4	slots

RANCHO GRANDE CREAMERY   406	South 2nd	Bert O'Donnell	1	slot

EL CORTEZ HOTEL	600	Fremont	Leuis S. Bunzel	1	slot

ACE BAR	111	South 1st	A. Kroloff	16 slots

MARK'S FOOD CO.	1500 Fremont	Albert Schulman	6 slots

SILL'S DRIVE IN	5th	& Charleston	Orpha Sill Miller	5	slots

WIMPY'S CAFE	210	Fremont	Orpha Sill Miller	3	slots

APACHE BAR	2nd	& Fremont	Lena Silvagni	8	slots

APACHE BACK BAR	2nd	& Fremont	Lena Silvagni	4	slots
APACHE HOTEL	2ND & Fremont	Lena Silvagni	3	slots

VEGAS LANES	125 So. 2nd	Blaine Brattain	6	slots

(Formerly L. V. Bowling Alley)	2 slots

OPPEDYKE DAIRY	1000 North Main	L. Van Der Meer	1	slot

BUSY BEE CAFE	105 North 1st	John Stathis	3	slots

BROWN DERBY	320 Monroe	P. L. Jefferson	4 slots

SMITH'S DRIVE IN	300 Stewart	A. K. Smith	2 slots

TIVOLI BAR	126	North 1st	Gayer	Company	l slot

ORTON'S GRILL	121	South 5th	Gayer	Company	3	slots

EDMOND'S ASSOC. SER.	5th	& Carson	Gayer	Company	1	slot

SILVER STATE TEXACO 5th & Fremont	Gayer Company	1 slot

WESTSIDE CAFE	D & Madison	Gayer Company	2	slots

J . D. DRIVE IN	418 Madison	Gayer Company	2	slots

L. V. PHARMACY	32 Fremont	Aurelia Scheer	4	slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG	201 Fremont	Aurelia Scheer	4	slots

GILBERT BROTHERS	314 W. Bonanza	Jimmy Fulcher	4 slots

BELVERDERE GROCERY   H & Harrison	Gayer Company	1	slot

PEARL'S CAFE	224	North 1st	Gayer	Company	2	slots

LOW PRICE MARKET	131	North Main	Gayer	Company	1	slot

BALL'S GROCERY	404	South 2nd	Gayer	Company	2	slots

PRESCRIPTION PHCY.	814	Fremont	Gayer	Company	1	slot

PROFESSIONAL DRUG	421	Fremont	Gayer	Company	4	slots

RED BALL SER. STA.	629 South Main	Thomas Stickler	2	slots

PLAYLAND CAFE	123 South 1st	Mon Woo	2	slots

ROUND UP CLUB	F. & Jackson	Gayer Company	1	slot

ADAM'S GROCERY	111 North 9th	Gayer Company	1	slot

BUCK'S BARBECUE CAFE E & Jackson	Gayer Company	1 slot

SHADY REST CAFE	F. & Jackson	Gayer Company	1	slot

EL MORROCCO	E &	Jackson	Gayer	Company	1	slot

DEW DROP GROCERY	D &	Jackson	Gayer	Company	1	slot

COTTON CLUB	E &	Jackson	Gayer	Company	1	slot

5th ST. LIQUOR STORE 727 South 5th	Gordon W. Potter	1	slot

SILL'S DRIVE IN	5th	& Charleston    Orpha	Sill Miller	3	slots

BOULDER DRUG CO.	121	Fremont	Harry	Farnow	7	slots

LAS VEGAS CLUB	23 Fremont	J. K. Houssels	29	slots

2 - craps
3-21 Games
2 - Big 6 wheels
1 - RH Book
1 - Faro

1	- RH Keno (100 Ch.)

2	- Poker

1	- Pan

2	- Bridge

LAS VEGAS TAVERN	19 Fremont	J. K. Houssels	7	slots

PIONEER COCKTAIL LGE. 25 Fremont	M. B. Page	7	slots

ORANGE JULIUS CO.	405 Fremont	Pat Rozzelle	5	slots

CLIFF'S 5th ST. MKT. 729 South 5th	Pat Rozzelle	3	slots

HAMBURGER KING	324½ Fremont	Pat Rozzelle	6	slots

TURF SAVOY CLUB	116 Fremont	Dave Stearns	1 - RH Book

CUT RATE LIQUOR STORE 132 So. 5th	Josie Dondich	2	slots

FRED'S LIQUOR STORE	203 Bridger	Fred Kennedy	3	slots

STEAK HOUSE	122	South	1st	George G. Parry	4	slots

PLAYLAND ARCADE	129	South	1st	George G. Parry	55	slots

COREY'S FINE FOODS   402 Fremont	A. Kroloff	2	slots

SAL SAGEV RESTAURANT   5 Fremont	A. Kroloff	1	slot

TIVOLI BAR	126	North	1st	A. Kroloff	1	slot

ESQUIRE LOUNGE	125	South	2nd	A. Kroloff	1	slot

NEVADA BAR	113	North	1st	A. Kroloff	5	slots

SPORTSMAN SUPPLY	404 Fremont	A. Kroloff	2	slots

EIGHT BALL BAR	115	North	1st	A. Kroloff	8	slots

CITY DRUG	231 Fremont	A. Kroloff	5	slots

LITTLE HORSE SHOE CAFE 115½ North 1st    A. Kroloff	2	slots

ETHEL'S #1	28 Fremont	E. Rapoport	1	slots

ETHEL' S #2	409 Fremont	E. Rapoport	1	slot

COTTON CLUB	500 Jackson	James Calbert	6	slots

1-21 Game
2 - Poker
1 - Crap

1	- RH Keno

MANDALAY BAR	111 Fremont	W. E. Greene	10 slots

PIONEER CLUB	25 Fremont	M. B. Page.	38 slots

2	- Pan
5— Poker

1 - RH Keno
5-21 Games

3	- Roulette
3 - Craps

TOMMY'S	407 Fremont	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

BOULDER CLUB	118-20 Fremont	A.H. Stevenson 	Jr.	35	slots

1 - Poker
1 - Pan
5-21 Games
1 - RH Book
1 - Big 6 Wheel

1	- Faro
3 - Craps

2	- Roulette
1 - RH Keno

1	- Tango (100 chains)

2	- Slots
BILL'S LUNCH	207 North Main	T.	E.	Kirby	1	slot

TOM'S LIQUOR STORE	1027 South Main	T.	E.	Kirby	4	slots

ADAM'S GROCERY	111 North 9th	C.	L.	Adams	1	slot

 SIGNAL SERVICE STA.	4th & Fremont	H.	Couch	1	slot

RICHFIELD SER. STA.	500 Fremont	George Fry	3	slots

OVERLAND HOTEL	Main & Fremont	L. M. Wilson	3	slots

SAV-ON-LIQUOR STORE	504 North Main	L. M. Wilson	3	slots

 LOG CABIN BAR	122 North 1st	Sam Taylor	3	slots

GAMING APPLICATION—
Sam Stearns
Harry Farnow 
Denied

GAMING APPLICATIONS --
New—

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS—

New

PAUL R. GANG- License
Renewed

SOUTHWEST LIQUOR STORE

MICHAEL L. MCNAMEE
Wholesale Beverage
License

SAVE-OUR-WAY DRUG STORE
Application denied

ROUND UP DRIVE IN
License Granted

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing renewals be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Sam Stearns
for a license to operate two slot machines, two "21" games,
one roulette and one crap game at 113 North 1st Street be
denied, together with the application of Harry Farnow for a
license to operate one "21" table at 121 Fremont was also
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, and Clark voting

aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor Cragin
passed their votes.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following applications be
granted:

TRADER BILL'S	306 Fremont	A.	Kroloff	1	slot

WILSHIRE OIL CO.	313 North Main	A.	Kroloff	2	slots

LINCOLN AUTO COURT	1502 South 5th	S.	Newman	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
 and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Harry Farnow
for a Retail Tavern Liquor License at 121 Fremont and the
application of P. L. Jefferson for a Retail Tavern Liquor
license at 320 Monroe Street be denied on the basis of a
resolution heretofore passed governing the issuance of new
liquor licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Paul R. Gang
to transfer his retail package liquor license from 416 North
Main to 412 South 2nd Street be approved.

Motion seconded, by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

 voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Max Gordon for a
Sealed Package Liquor license at 1st & Carson, said license
formerly owned by Paul R. Brown, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Michael L.

McNamee for a Wholesale Beverage license at 302 South 2nd
Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following votes Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Nick Thompson
for a retail liquor license, package, at the Save-Our-Way Drug
Store #3, 215 Fremont Street, be denied as provided by a resolution
heretofore made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Gordon I. Minor
for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license at Main & 5th Streets
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.


SWISS VILLAGE RESTAURANT
License Granted

KEY HOLE LIQUOR STORE
Change of Name

License Granted

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS—
Granted

COLONEL FAYE--License
Renewed

GAMING LICENSE
Resolution

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

 Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Wilma
Wolfinger for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license at the Swiss
Village Restaurant, 116 North 5th Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 Commissioner Clark moved that the Commercial Liquor Store,

Victor Whittlesea, carrying a Sealed Package Miniature Liquor
license at 828½ South Main Street be allowed to change the
name of the Business to Key Hole Liquor Store.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

 voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of A. K. Smith for
a Retail Restaurant Beverage license at 300 Stewart Street and
the application of S. Newman at the Lincoln Auto Court Lunch,

1502 South 5th Street for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that when Colonel Faye presented his
application to change his location for a package liquor 

establishment from South 5th Street to 213 North 3rd Street, that it be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti. Commissioner Bates passed
his vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that it Is the opinion of this Board
that the City of Las Vegas now has set the number of gambling
places, gaming licenses, and that this Board deems it sufficient
according to the population, and until the Board figures the
population will support more gambling licenses, no more will
be granted other than first class hotels.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn
until Friday July 5 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 5, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
5th day of July 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City

Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 817 to 821
Inclusive and 824 to 828 Inclusive in the net sum of $20,130.34
which included the claim of Leo Callihan for his salary for the
month of June; be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.
822, 823, 829, 830, and 831, in the sum of $11,097.43 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.
PETITION --

F. C. Carpenter

LAND USE

TENTATIVE SUB DIVISION
MAP — O. J. Scherer
Industrial Tract

TENTATIVE MAP — South
5th Street Property
Tract #1

RESOLUTION - Accepting
Deed

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Under date of May 28, 1946, Mr. F. C. Carpenter petitioned
the Board for permission to move the Baptist Church building
into Fire Zone No. 2 and this matter was referred by this Board
to the Planning Commission.

Under date of June 26, 1946 the Planning Commission made the
following recommendations:

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

Honorable Mayor and

Board of City Commissioners,

City Hall,

Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Petition,

F. C. Carpenter

Gentlemen:

The attached letter of F. C. Carpenter, requesting the removal of a non-conforming
structure at the NE corner of Seventh & Ogden Streets was referred to this
Commission for recommendation.

This matter was considered at a regular meeting of the Joint Planning Commission
June 25, 1946. The joint Planning Commission recommends that no exceptions be
made to the Fire Zone Ordinance at any time. Further, that such exceptions could
not be made unless the ordinance covering the same were amended; amendments for
individuals would constitute discrimination and inconsistent development which
would impair the benefits obtained by adhering to the established plan and 

regulations.

We regret that our opinion does not assist Mr. Carpenter in this particular case
but must base our opinion in respect to the general welfare of the community.

Respectfully yours,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/C. G. Petrie,

Planning Engineer.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of Mr. F. C. 

Carpenter be denied on the recommendations of the Planning
Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the 

recommendation of the Planning Commission regarding Land Use as contained
in their letter dated June 26, 1946, with the exception of
Item 3 which is to be referred to the City Manager for
clarification.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the tentative
map of the O. J. Scherer Industrial Tract as per the 

recommendations of the Planning Commission with the exception of 

Subdivision B of Article 2, entitled "Utilities" as appears in
their letter of June 26, 1946. The matter was referred to the
City Manager for handling.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the tentative map of South 5th
Street Property, Tract #1, be approved as recommended by the
Planning Commission with the exception of Article 2, 

Subsection A, thereof, Re: Sidewalk Installation, which should

be amended to read "Sidewalk Installation in all Areas of the
Tract Where Needed", as appeared in their letter of 

recommendation of June 26, 1946. The matter of drainage to be referred
to the City Manager for checking.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Clark, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is
adopted, and order made:
RESOLUTION—
Accepting Deed

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of July, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
2nd day of November, 1945, executed by Ruby S. Black Yellis, Dall L. Black, Albert
P. Hale, Charles N. Leonard, Alyce A. Leonard, A. E. Tiffany and O. A. Bell, to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

On motion on Commissioner Bates, duly seconded
by Commissioner Clark, and carried unanimously, the
following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of July, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
deed, dated the 28th day of June, 1946, executed by Jack Weisberger and
Merriam Weisberger, his wife, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and
is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth,
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the
Records of this Board.

ORDINANCE NO. 320—
Proposed

ORDINANCE NO. 319
1st Reading

FINAL MAP—MC NEIL
TRACT

PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO," having been reported favorably
by the committee composed of Commissioners Corradetti and
Bates was read to the Board for the first time.

After which Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing
ordinance be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE CREATING THE OFFICE OF
SUPERINTENDENT OF CEMETERIES; DEFINING HIS POWERS AND DUTIES;
PROVIDING FOR THE SALE OF LOTS, THE SUPERVISION, MANNER AND
CONDITIONS OF BURIALS AND DISINTERMENTS AND THE PLACING OF
HEADSTONES, TOMBSTONES, MONUMENTS AND MARKERS, THE CARE AND
MAINTENANCE OF LOTS OR GRAVES AND THE CEMETERY GROUNDS, THE
MAINTENANCE OF GOOD ORDER AND THE PRESERVATION OF CEMETERY
PROPERTY, AND THE SUPERVISION, MANAGEMENT, AND CONTROL OF
MUNICIPAL CEMETERIES AND THEIR AFFAIRS; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE AND
REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 56; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATING THERETO," was read to the Board by title and referred
to Commissioners Corradetti and Clark for recommendation at
the next regular meeting of the Board.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 6,

SECTION 8, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 9, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE
NO. 165 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: 'AN ORDINANCE TO
PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR,
REGULATING THE SAME, FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSE, PROVIDING
A PENALTY THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCE NOS. 77, 82, 88, 103,
and 115, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH," having been reported on favorably by a committee
composed of Commissioners Baskin and Bates was read to the
Board for the first time.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing ordinance be
approved on its first Beading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign the final sub-division map of the McNeil
Tract, when bond has been received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.
CONTRACT - J. J. Peelan

ORDINANCE NO. 318
1st Reading

ORDINANCE NO. 320—
Proposed

ORDINANCE NO. 319
1st Reading

FINAL MAP—MC NEIL
TRACT

Commissioner Bates moved that the contract for the removal of
garbage in the City of Las Vegas between the City of Las Vegas
and the Nevada Sanitation, a co-partnership for a term of five
years from July 1, 1946 until June 30, 1951, be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION
OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING
COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING UNITS WITH PARKWAY CABLE AND ORNAMENTAL
STANDARDS ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN
SAID CITY; PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL
BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL THE LOTS
INCLUDED WITHIN THE SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED
ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE
PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO," having been reported favorably
by the committee composed of Commissioners Corradetti and
Bates was read to the Board for the first time.

After which Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing
ordinance be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE CREATING THE OFFICE OF
SUPERINTENDENT OF CEMETERIES; DEFINING HIS POWERS AND DUTIES;
PROVIDING FOR THE SALE OF LOTS, THE SUPERVISION, MANNER AND
CONDITIONS OF BURIALS AND DISINTERMENTS AND THE PLACING OF
HEADSTONES, TOMBSTONES, MONUMENTS AND MARKERS, THE CARE AND
MAINTENANCE OF LOTS OR GRAVES AND THE CEMETERY GROUNDS, THE
MAINTENANCE OF GOOD ORDER AND THE PRESERVATION OF CEMETERY
PROPERTY, AND THE SUPERVISION, MANAGEMENT, AND CONTROL OF
MUNICIPAL CEMETERIES AND THEIR AFFAIRS; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR THE VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE AND
REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 56; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATING THERETO," was read to the Board by title and referred
to Commissioners Corradetti and Clark for recommendation at
the next regular meeting of the Board.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 6,

SECTION 8, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 9, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE
NO. 165 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED: 'AN ORDINANCE TO
PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR,
REGULATING THE SAME, FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSE, PROVIDING
A PENALTY THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCE NOS. 77, 82, 88, 103,
and 115, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH," having been reported on favorably by a committee
composed of Commissioners Baskin and Bates was read to the
Board for the first time.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing ordinance be
approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign the final sub-division map of the McNeil
Tract, when bond has been received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.
BIDS—CITY JAIL
RESOLUTION

GAMING APPLICATIONS

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that the meeting
adjourn until 2 p.m. Monday July 8, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 8, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 8th day of July, 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 4 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy, and Chief Deputy
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner Clark,

City Clerk Helen Scott Reed, and City Attorney C. Norman
Cornwall.

Motion made by Commissioner Bates that inasmuch as no bids
were received for the construction of the City Jail that
readvertisement for bids on a cost plus fixed fee basis be
made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Motion made by Commissioner Bates that the following resolution
be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is owner in fee of the land and premises on
Second Street between Fremont and Ogden Avenues in the City of Las Vegas, which
were formerly used as a fire station site and which land and premises are more
particularly described as follows:

Lot Twenty-three (23), Block Fifteen (15), of Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite

as per map thereof on file and of record in the office of the County

Recorder of Clark County, Nevada

and

WHEREAS, the said site has been abandoned for such purposes and is no
longer used for a fire station, and

WHEREAS, it is for the best interests of the City of Las Vegas to dispose
of said land and premises and thereby save all expenses incidental to the 

maintenance thereof,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED this 8th day of July, 1946, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
the land and premises above described which were formerly used as a fire station
site be sold at private sale to the highest bidder and upon such terms and
conditions as this Board shall prescribe, and that the City Manager be and he is
hereby authorized and directed to advertise for bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following renewals of gaming
applications be granted:

Wilshire Service Station 1600 So. 5th	Vegas Sweet Shop     1 slot

Signal Service Sta.	801	E. Fremont	Vegas	Sweet Shop	1	slot

Dew Drop Inn	D &	Jackson	Louis	S. Bunzel	1	slot

Coronado Courts	1200 So. 5th	A. Kroloff	2 slots

Monte Carlo Club	15 Fremont	A. Kroloff	1 slot

Harold's Drive In	800	No. Main	Gayer	Company	1	slot

Market Spot	117	Carson	Harry	Levy	5	slots

Nevada Biltmore	600 No. Main	T. A. Campbell     1 - craps

2 - "21"

1 - Roulette
17 Slots
Thrifty Market	Main & Charleston	Vegas Sweet	Shop	3 	slots

Overland Bar	2 Fremont	Sid Martin	7 	slots

Overland Liquor store 6 Fremont	Sid Martin	3 	slots

Mom's Lunch	1400 Fremont	V. H.	Lancaster	2 	slots

Overland Bar	2 Fremont	Louis	S. Bunzel	1 	slot

Hannibal's Cafe	1509 So. Main	K. A.	Freeman	3 	slots

Mobile Ser. Sta.	Main & Stewart	L. C.	McKnight	1 	slot

Barney's Grocery	630 So. 5th	H. G.	Tucker	1 	slot

Dick's Bar	118 No. 1st	Vegas	Sweet Shop	2 	slots

5th St. Cafe	1503 So. 5th	Vegas	Sweet Shop	3 	slots

Doc's	1200 So. Main	Vegas	Sweet Shop	    3 	slots

Jimmie's Bar	807 So. Main	    Vegas Sweet Shop     3 slots

B & C Station	722 Bonanza	Road	J. Weisberger	2 	slots

HANNIBAL'S --

Application Granted

BONANZA LIQUOR STORE

RESOLUTION—McCarran
Field

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

 Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Carson Dean,
of Hannibal's Cafe, 1509 So. Main Street for a retail Restaurant
Beverage license should be granted. This license was formerly
in the name of Otha Allen.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

 His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Chester L.

Pate, 410 Bonanza Road for a Retail Liquor license, be referred
to the Police Department for investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following resolution be
adopted and a copy of said resolution be sent to Senator
McCarran, A. C. Grant, Colonel Faye, and A1 Riddle.

Under Date of October 3, 1945, the City of Las Vegas sent to Senator
McCarran a telegram authorizing him to inform the Army Air Corps that the City of
Las Vegas was willing to deliver to the Army Air Corps, McCarran Field, the 

property of the City of Las Vegas, provided the Army Air Corps would retain McCarran
Field and maintain it.

The City of Las Vegas is still willing and ready to deliver McCarran
Airport to the Army Air Corps when the people of Clark County can comply with the
Army's request under date of April 1, 1946, in which they agree to accept
McCarran Airport if and when a new commercial airport is erected in Las Vegas
or Clark County, Nevada, for the use of the commercial airlines. On Monday,

July 1, 1946 an informal meeting was held with the County Commissioners, the
City Commissioners, the Chamber of Commerce committee, CAA officials, airline
officials, and the general public, and at said meeting the following resolution
was presented and adopted:

Resolution

"RESOLVED, that the proposition of the new airport for the City of
Las Vegas, and the County of Clark be submitted to the electors of Clark County
through a bond issue prepared by the County Commissioners, and that a committee
be appointed from among those present at this meeting by the City and County
Commissioners to work with these respective Commissioners to assist them to find
ways and means whereby the Bonds may be sold and retired. And be it

FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County Commissioners immediately make
application to the proper Federal Governmental Agency for the Federal portion
of fund necessary to acquire and improve the proposed airport, and that said
County Commissioners also immediately notify the Army Air Forces of these steps
by copy of this resolution."

The City Commissioners in compliance with the requests contained in
this resolution do hereby appoint Mr. A. C. Grant, Colonel Faye and Mr. Al Riddle
to act with them and for them and with a committee appointed by the County
Commissioners as requested in this resolution, and we request the County 
Commissioners to immediately appoint a committee as per this resolution and the
City be notified of the Committee so appointed.

It is the request of the City of Las Vegas by and through its Commissioners
that the County Commissioners act at once to comply with this resolution and the
City Commissioners will cooperate with the County Commissioners in bringing this
matter to an immediate conclusion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting
adjourn until July 22 at 2 P.M.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

CLAIM — E. L. Barton
Company

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED - R/W Washington
Avenue

STREET DEPARTMENT—
Purchase of Compressor

SWIMMING POOL CONST.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of July, 1946. Meeting called to order
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:30 P.M.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City
Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Clark and City

Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 835 to 842
inclusive, and 844, in the net sum of $18,179.83 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.
832 to 834 inclusive and 843 in the sum of $18,992.87 be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	 Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Claim for $700.00 by the
Edward L. Burton Co. as per agreement, Police Station Bonds,
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this 22nd day of July, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated
the 21st day of June, 1946, executed by George Leveille and Myrtle Leveille, his
wife, Ivan A. Regnier and Louise N. Regnier, his wife, to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized
to negotiate with Jack Reed for purchase of a compressor
if arrangements can be made to buy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

 His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed
to make a demand on the Fleetwater Pool Company to sign
the contract between the City of Las Vegas and the Fleetwater
Pool Company for the construction of the proposed Swimming
Pool and to furnish necessary bonds within the period of ten
days from this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark,
SEWER SYSTEM
Employ Engineer

TWA RENTAL

TENTATIVE MAP—So. 5th
Street Property Tract

O. J. SCHERER—
Industrial Tract

LAND USE

ZONE EXCEPTION—
Paul Jones

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be instructed
to employ Mr. O'Neil to Make a survey of the sewer system and
disposal plant along the lines heretofore discussed with him.

If his service can be obtained for the fee heretofore stated
and in the meantime the City Manager to do everything possible
to remedy conditions as they now exist.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager notify TWA to
pay the money past due the City for Airport rentals and also to
send a representative to negotiate a lease agreement at once.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that that first motion heretofore made
July 4, 1946 regarding the approval of the recommendation of
the Planning Commission on the South 5th Street Property
Tract #1 be amended to read as follows:

That the recommendation of the Planning Commission to approve
in its entirety as per their letter of July 26, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Planning Commission be 

notified that the Tentative Map of the O. J. Scherer Industrial
Tract will not be approved by this Board until arrangements
have been made for the installation of Sewers.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Clark.

Article 3 of the recommendation of the Planning Commission
contained in their letter of June 26, 1946 having been referred
to the City Manager for clarification. Commissioner Bates at
this time moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission
under date of July 22, 1946 on Land Use be approved, said
recommendation being as follows:

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

Honorable Mayor and

Board of City Commissioners,

War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	LAND USE

Gentlemen:

Under date of June 26, 1946, the Joint Planning Commission forwarded recommendations
to your Board relative to various phases of zoning. The City Manager has requested
qualification of Item #3 of this communication relative to the erection of garages
or other accessory buildings prior to the erection of a residence or dwelling in a
residential zone.

It is not the intent of the Commission to prevent erection of such buildings, but in
many instances owners have taken out permits for erection of same stating that they
desired to use them temporarily until they could obtain materials or finance the
erection of a dwelling. After completion of such structures they are occupied as
dwellings and, in most instances, remain in such use to the detriment to the 

neighborhood.

If the erection of such accessory buildings is permitted, there will be no objection
to the proper use of same provided they are not used as dwellings. This matter can
be controlled by use of occupancy certificates as provided in Uniform Building Code.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS—CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Clerk be instructed to
notify Mr. Jones that he will have to comply with the rules for
establishing zoning exception at his property on South 3rd
Street in order to rent to business establishments in the
residential zone.
STREETS & HIGHWAYS
South Main Street
Extension

PETITION: Re:

York Building

GAMING & LIQUOR
APPLICATIONS

PROPOSED TAXI
ORDINANCE

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

 Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following recommendation re:
the vacation of Cincinnati Street be approved:



"In view of the fact that this vacation may materially effect the Street and
Highway plan in the area and subdivision platting now being done in that
locality, it is recommended that this vacation or any action on the vacation
be held in abeyance until such time as platting plans in this area have been
completed and a final record map filed. When a final subdivision map for this
area has been approved and recorded this petition will again be considered
for final action." *-



*- As per letter of recommendation from the Planning Commission, July 22, 1946.

Further that the owners be notified of this action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approved the 

recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to the extension of
South Main Street in accordance with their letter of July 22,

1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark,

Commissioner Baskin moved that that first petition filed in the
office of City Clerk on July 15, 1946 addressed to the Mayor
and Board of City Commissioners requesting that a Building
Permit heretofore issued by O. J. Morling to one Harvey L.

York be revoked, be referred to the City Attorney for 

recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent* Commissioner Clark.

The following Gaming & Liquor applications were presented to
the Board for their recommendation:

Ethel's Liquor Store	424 Fremont	B. Salzman & F. Gordon	1 slot

J. D. Drive In	418 Madison	J. D. Evans	Retail Res. Bev.

Key Hole Liquor Store	828½ So. Main	Victor Whittlesea	2	slots

Thrifty Market Groc.	Main & Charleston L.S. Bunzel	1 slot

Tom’s Liquor Store	1027 So. Main	L. S. Bunzel	l slot

Bobbie’s Cafe	506 No. Main	Archie M. Bell	2	slots

Bonanza Bar	416 W. Bonanza	Chester L. Pate	3	slots

Wilshire Ser. Sta.	901 Fremont	T.	I. Mason	1	slot

Master Cleaners	601 So. 5th	L.	S. Bunzel	1	slot

Vera’s Sandwich	Shop	E &	Jackson	Lee Hughes	1	slot

Richfield Ser. Sta.	3rd & Fremont	H.	Simmons	2	slots

Couch's Signal Ser.	401 Fremont	H.	Simmons	2	slots

Blue Cab	127 No. Main	H.	Simmons	1	slot

Round Up, Inc.	5th & Main	R.	T. Baskin	6	slots

Betty’s Cafe	1039 So. Main L. J. Grossman	3 slots

Ted & Dot’s Cafe	614	So. 5th	Ted Patton	2	slots

City Drug	213	Fremont	A. Kroloff	2	slots

Nevada Bar	116No. 1st	A. Kroloff	1	slot

Las Vegas Club	23 Fremont	J. K. Houssels	Big 6 Wheel

Cornet Store	204 Fremont	S.	R. Dole	3	slots

Round Up Drive In	So. 5th & Main	R.	T. Baskin	3	slots

Lincoln Grocery	1502 So. 5th	L.	S. Bunzel	2	slots

5th St. Cafe	1503 So. 5th	L.	S. Bunzel	1	slot

Texaco Silver State Ser. 5th & Fremont	B.	Salzman & F. Gordon	1	slot

Cornet's 5-10-25¢ Store   205 Fremont	L.	S. Bunzel	1	slot

Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His 

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be directed to
draw up an ordinance on the operation of taxis within the City
of Las Vegas along the line of their opinion rendered as of
this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote.

Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS
Cincinnati Street-
Vacation
RETAIL LIQUOR LICENSE
Cheater L. Pate

ORDINANCE NO. 318
Reading

ORDINANCE NO. 319
2nd Reading

ORDINANCE NO. 320
1st Reading

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Chester L. Pate
for a Retail Liquor License at 417 W. Bonanza Road be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

  Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

An ordinance entitled: "AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION
OP THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OP THE CITY OP LAS VEGAS TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY INSTALLING
COMPLETE STREET LIGHTING UNITS WITH PARKWAY CABLE AND ORNAMENTAL
STANDARDS ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN
SAID CITY: PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL
BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED
ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID
FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; AND OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO,” was read to the Board for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing ordinance
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 6,

SECTION 8, AS AMENDED, AND SECTION 9, AS AMENDED, OF ORDINANCE
NO. 165 OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS ENTITLED; 'AN ORDINANCE TO
PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR, 

REGULATING THE SAME, FIXING THE AMOUNT OF SUCH LICENSE, PROVIDING
A PENALTY THEREFOR, REPEALING ORDINANCES NOS. 77, 82, 88, 103,

AND 115, AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
THEREWITH,” was read to the Board for the second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing Ordinance
be adopted on its seconded reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin asked to be excused for the remainder of
the meeting.

An Ordinance entitled, ”AN ORDINANCE CREATING THE OFFICE OF
SUPERINTENDENT OF CEMETERIES; DEFINING HIS POWERS AND DUTIES,
PROVIDING FOR THE SALE OF LOTS, THE SUPERVISION, MANNER AND
CONDITIONS OF BURIALS AND DISINTERMENTS AND THE PLACING OF
HEADSTONES, TOMBSTONES, MONUMENTS AND MARKERS, THE CARE AND
MAINTENANCE OF LOTS OR GRAVES AND THE CEMETERY GROUNDS, THE
MAINTENANCE OF GOOD ORDER AND THE PRESERVATION OF CEMETERY
PROPERTY, AND THE SUPERVISION, MANAGEMENT, AND CONTROL OF
MUNICIPAL CEMETERIES AND THEIR AFFAIR:	PROVIDING PENALTIES

FOR THE VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE AND
REPEALING ORDINANCE NO. 56; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY
RELATING THERETO,” was first proposed and read by title to the
Board of City Commissioners on the 5th day of July, 1946 and
referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Corradetti and Clark for recommendation.

Thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said
ordinance on the 22nd of July, 1946, which was the next 

regular meeting, at which time the proposed ordinance was read in
full to the Board of City Commissioners and thereafter
Commissioner Bates moved the approval of the foregoing ordinance
on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and

Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn
until August 7 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and

Clark.
CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 26, 1946

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held in the Commissioners' Council Chamber in the War
Memorial Building on Friday, July 26, 1946 at the hour of 11:15 a.m. to act
upon the following:

1.	Negotiate lease agreement for USO

2.	Negotiate for acquiring federally owned sewer system.

3.	Drainage easements Bonanza Village.

4.	Authorize certificate re: swimming pool.

5.	Gaming application - Swiss Village.

s/ E. W. Cragin	_____

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor, C. R. CLARK, A. CORRADETTI, R. T. BASKIN, WALTER

BATES, Commissioners, and T. E. FENNESSY, City Manager, of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on Friday, July 26, 1946 at the
hour of 11:15 a.m. to consider the following:

1.	Negotiate lease agreement for USO

2.	Negotiate for acquiring federally owned sewer system

3.	Drainage easements Bonanza Village

4.	Authorize certificate re: swimming pool

5.	Gaming application - Swiss Village

s/ Helen Scott Reed

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

We, the undersigned, Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special
Meeting:

s/ E. W. Cragin	s/ Pat Clark_________

Mayor	Commissioner

s/ A. Corradetti	s/ Bob Baskin

Commissioner	Commissioner

s/ Walter B. Bates   s/T. E. Fennessy_____

Commissioner	City Manager

Meeting was called to order at the hour of 11:15 a.m. by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott
Reed. Also present was Mr. David Oliver representing the
Federal Works Agency.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their
consideration:

Resolution

RESOLVED that the Mayor be authorized to negotiate for the purchase of
federally owned equipment located in the USO Building and enter Into a lease
rental agreement with the FWA on the following basis:

1.	That the city offer the sum of $2,500.00, payable in cash for the
purchase of the movable equipment.

2.	That the city offer to lease the real property for an annual rental of
$4,000.00 payable $2,000.00 on January 1, 1947 covering the rental
from July 1, 1946 to and including December 31, 1946, and 

semiannually on the 1st day of July and January, provided; that the FWA
will agree in the event the City makes ten (10) semi-annual payments of
$2,000.00 each to deliver title to the real property by means of a
quit claim deed in consideration of the rental paid.

It is understood that the lease shall be for a period of one (1) year with
automatic renewal, without notice, for not to exceed four (4) years thereafter,
and that the city shall have the right to terminate the lease as of June 30th of
any year during the lease term, upon thirty (30) days advance notice in writing
to the FWA.

USO BUILDING—
Lease Rental
Agreement
The city reserves the right to pay at any time the difference between rentals
paid to date and $20,000.00 and the Federal Government will deliver a quit claim deed.

In the event the FWA accept this offer the City Manager is authorized to draw
a warrant in the sum of $2,500.00 and the Mayor and City Clerk are authorized to
sign this warrant for said lease agreement.

Upon motion of Commissioner Bates, seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by unanimous vote the foregoing Resolution was approved and adopted.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until
9:30 a.m. July 27, 1946.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 27, 1946

Meeting reconvened at the hour of 9:30 a.m. with the 

following members present: His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin;
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager
T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Mr. David
Oliver was also present. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their
consideration:

RESOLVED that the Mayor be authorized to negotiate rental of the federally
owned system constructed by the FWA under project #26-116 located in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada and enter into a lease rental agreement with the FWA on the
following basis:

1. That the city execute a lease rental agreement to be dated as of July 1,

1946 for a period of one year with automatic renewal, without notice,
for successive periods of one year each but in no event beyond January
1, 1966. The city will reserve the right to terminate such agreement
upon thirty days advance notice, in writing, to the FWA that the end

of the original or any renewal term under the lease.

2.	The city shall agree to pay rental as follows:	$16,000.00 due January

1, 1947 which will cover rental for the system from the date it was turned
over to the city to and including December 31, 1946 and pay $16,000.00
on January 1, 1948 to cover rental from January 1, 1947 through 

December 31, 1947, and thereafter on the 1st day of July and January it shall
pay the sum of $8,000.00 representing rental for six month periods
throughout the life of the agreement. The city will agree to maintain
and operate the system during the life of the agreement at no expense
to the Federal Government.

There shall be incorporated in the lease rental agreement a provision giving
the city the right to purchase the system on any rental payment date, provided
all rentals due to and including such date have been duly paid on the following
basis:

1. The purchase price shall be calculated on the basis of $320,000.00 less
all rental paid to the date the option is exercised plus an amount 

equivalent to 3% interest on the unpaid balance. It being understood that
interest which accrues from July 1, 1946 and no interest shall be computed
or charged from	the date	the system was	turned	over	to	the city until

July 30, 1946.	It shall 	be further understood	that	the	interest so

computed shall not be considered due and payable until the date the city
elects to exercise its option.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by unanimous vote the foregoing resolution was approved and adopted.

At this time Commissioner Clark asked to be excused.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:.

BE IT RESOLVED this	27th day	of July, 1946	by the	Board of	Commissioners	of

the City of Las Vegas, County of	Clark, State of	Nevada	that	the	deed acknowledged

the 10th day of July, 1946 executed by Waale-Camplan & Thomas Incorporated and 

recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
July 12, 1946 as Instrument No. 228247 in Book 23, Miscellaneous Records of said
Clark County, and conveying to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth and filed in the records of
this Board.	

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of the Frontier
Radio and Music Company for a license for three slot machines
at the Swiss Village Cafe, 116 North 5th Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none; Absent: Commissioners Clark and Baskin.

RESOLUTION: Re:

Sewer System
Lease Rental Agreement

RESOLUTION—Accepting
Deed for Drainage
Right of Way

SWISS VILLAGE—
Gaming License
SWIMMING POOL BOND
ISSUE - Certificates
Issued

BIDS -- Panel Truck
Fire Department

MINUTES APPROVED

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be authorized to
furnish the bond attorney with a certificate to the effect that the
the cost of the swimming pool and improvements will equal or
exceed the amount of the bonds being issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Baskin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 7th day of August, 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney, C.
Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

At this time bids for construction of the Police Station 
were opened from the following firms:

H. Mason	$351,500.00

Plus	20,000.00 Fee

C. B. Bagnell	Kearns, California	321,039.00

and a bid on the electrical facilities from the Vance
Electrical Service, Las Vegas,

Nevada	$ 18,757.00

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that all bids be 

rejected and the bid bonds returned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Invitation to bid on the panel truck for the fire department
having been let, and only one bid from the Clark County
Wholesale Company in the sum of $1,320.20 having been 

received, Commissioner Bates moved that said bid be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of June 22, and 28,
July 5 and 22, and Special Meetings of July 26 and 27 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims No. 850 to 858
and 859 in the net sum of $20,274.30 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.
845 to 849 inclusive, in the sum of $20,540.01 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.
ZONING CASE #16
Kitty Weiner—Lots 17
& 18, Block 8, 628, 630
So. 1st - Clarks' Las
Vegas Townsite

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission for Zone Exception at 628-630 So.

1st Street be approved with the following provisions:

August 6, 1946

1.	That any buildings or structures constructed on such lots be of Type
1, 2, or 3 construction, in order to comply with the requirements
for Fire Zone #2.

2.	That said lots be subject only to such commercial use such as trade,
service, or retail establishments, and that the manufacture, 

fabrication, processing, or handling of materials or articles usually
conducted within industrial zone not be permitted.

3.	That such use be governed by any Other laws or regulations of the
state or city.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
 Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the 

Planning Commission which includes the following provisions re;
Zoning Case #17, Mrs. Edna L. Jones, Lots 7, 8, & 9, Block
28, Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite, be approved:

August 6, 1946

 

1.	That such lots be subject only to restricted commercial use classified
as Professional Offices for the administration to persons (but not for
the housing thereof) of professional, medical or dental practices.

2.	The display of any signs upon the above mentioned premises shall be
limited to one sign for each professional office not exceeding one-
half square foot in area and containing only the name of the occupant.

No flashing or blinking lights shall be placed upon any such sign which
shall be located at the entrance of each professional office.

3.	That the conduct of such professional use be subject to any other laws
or regulations of the State of Nevada or the City of Las Vegas.

 
 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be authorized
to execute the termination of lease of the United Service
Organization, Inc. covering the premises at 311 Jefferson,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of Harold Case,

Fire Chief to attend a convention of the Pacific Coast 

Association of Fire Chiefs to be held October 27, 28, 29 and 30
at the Hilton Hotel, Long Beach, California, be granted and
that the sum of $125.00 be allowed for his expenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is
adopted and order made.

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of August, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 19th day of July, 1946, executed by Arnold Zaugg to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that payment of $666.66 to Ralph W.
O’Neil be approved, being the initial retainer of 33 1/3% of

SEWAGE COLLECTION
SYSTEM- Engineer
Services

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED - R/W Washington
Blvd.

FIRE CHIEF CONVENTION
Long Beach, California

UNITED SERVICE ORG., INC.
Termination of Lease

ZONING CASE #17—

Mrs. Edna L. Jones —
Lots 7,8, & 9 Block 28
Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite
SWIMMING POOL —

Plans Revised

GAMING APPLICATIONS -
Additions

CLARK COUNTY DEPT. 
OF HEALTH - Resignation
Dr. T. E. Morgan

YOUTHTOWN - Westside
USO

FRONTIER TAXI CO.
Application Tabled

USO EQUIPMENT

flat fee of $2,000.00 for services relative to a study and 
report of the sewage collecting system and disposal plant for
the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Steve Runyan be paid $325.00
to revise the plans and specifications for the swimming pools,
which will include twelve sets of plans and specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

 Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

The following gaming applications were presented to the Board
for their consideration:

Quality Low Price Mkt.	121 No. Main	L. P. Lawrence	2	slots

Ray's Shell Service	125 So. 5th	Lee Hughes	1	slot

Esquire Bar	120 So. 2nd	K. A. Freeman	1	slot

Monte Carlo	15 Fremont	K. A. Freeman	1	slot

Boulder Club	118 Fremont	A. H. Stevenson, Jr.	1	slot

Ethel's Liquor Store #1	28 Fremont	Salzman & Gordon	1	slot

Ethel's Liquor Store #2	411 Fremont	Salzman & Gordon	1	slot

Mom's Lunch	1400 Fremont	V. H. Lancaster	1	slot

Main Liquor Store	412 So. 2nd	A. Kroloff	1	slot

City Drug	231 Fremont	A. Kroloff	1	slot

Dixie Waffle & Sandwich Shop 24 Fremont	Dave Sirotta	2 slots

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the resignation of Dr. Thomas
E. Morgan as Health Officer for the City of Las Vegas, as
per his letter of August 1, 1946, be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City negotiate an arrangement wit
with Youthtown for the operation of the USO on Westside.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Lowell T.

Brown of the Frontier Taxi Company for an additional cab be
tabled until the next regular meeting, August 22, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the City
Manager relative to the swimming pool fund being used for
the purchase of USO equipment which is as follows: be approved:

MEMO TO

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS

SUBJECT:	SWIMMING POOL FUND	AUGUST 5, 1946

In setting up the Budget for 1946, $5000 was set up to provide
funds to operate the swimming pools. Since this operation will not take
place during the calendar year and since only a few hundred dollars of the
$5000 have been spent, it is recommended that the purchase of the U.S.O,
equipment and the purchase of the Federal Works equipment be charged against
this fund. Also, that a portion of the purchase of equipment be charged against
the existing Lion's Club Magician proceeds which were donated for recreation
equipment, and also against the trust fund which holds the balance of $637.64
left over from our Lee's Canyon operation.

We have spent in the neighborhood of $2000 in the maintenance of
Ball Parks, which is not otherwise provided for in the budget and it is 

suggested that we be allowed to make this allocation against this swimming pool
fund.

If the above arrangement is satisfactory to the Commissioners, the
writer will inform the Lions Club, by letter, that the proceeds of their show
have been used to purchase recreation equipment in the U.S.O. building. This
arrangement will make it unnecessary to "dip" into our Land Acquisition account,
for the purchase of Federal Works equipment in the U.S.O. building. This is
desirable since there is just barely enough in the Land Acquisition Account to
cover this purchase and there might be other demands on the Land Acquisition
Account for money during the balance of the calendar year.

Respectfully submitted,

s/ T. E. Fennessy______

City Manager
ORDINANCE NO. 320
Adopted

PURCHASING PROCEDURE—
Waived--Compressor
Purchased

RESIGNATION - Rev.

Melton — Cemetery Board

OLD FIRE STATION SITE
Sale thereof

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE CREATING THE OFFICE OF
SUPERINTENDENT OF CEMETERIES; DEFINING HIS POWERS AND DUTIES,
PROVIDING FOR THE SALE OF LOTS, THE SUPERVISION, MANNER AND
CONDITIONS OF BURIALS AND DISINTERMENTS AND THE PLACING OF
HEADSTONES, TOMBSTONES, MONUMENTS AND MARKERS, THE CARE AND
MAINTENANCE OF LOTS OR GRAVES AND THE CEMETERY GROUND, THE
MAINTENANCE OF GOOD ORDER AND THE PRESERVATION OF CEMETERY
PROPERTY, AND THE SUPERVISION, MANAGEMENT, AND CONTROL OF
MUNICIPAL CEMETERIES AND THEIR AFFAIR; PROVIDING PENALTIES
FOR VIOLATION OF THE PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDINANCE AND REPEALING
ORDINANCE NO. 56, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO,"
was read to the Board for the second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing ordinance
be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

 Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the purchasing procedure be
waived relative to the purchase of a compressor from Jack Reid
and the City Manager be directed to have a warrant drawn in
the sum of $1,800.00 to cover said purchase, and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye;, noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the resignation of Rev. Melton
as a member of the cemetery board be accepted and the City Manager
directed to so notify him. Also of the fact that Ordinance
No. 320 adopted this day, abolishes the services of a cemetery
board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager be directed
to conduct an auction for the sale of the following described
land:

Lot 23, Block 15 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite as per map
thereof on file in the records in the office of County Recorder
of Clark County, Nevada; said auction to be held Friday,

September 6, 1946 at the hour of 10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Bates moved that it adjourn until August
22, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
22nd day of August, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti, City Manager

T. E. Fennessy, and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
Commissioner Bates and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

At this time Mr. Ryland G. Taylor appeared before the Board
relative to the complaint filed against him for violation of a
City ordinance. After Mr. Taylor completed his statement, Mayor
 Cragin stated that because of lack of time, the Board at this time
  would not be able to hear statements of certain City department
employees criticized by Mr. Taylor, but would grant them hearing
at a later date.
 BIDS

BIDS

ALIGNMENT OF MAIN

STREET

RESOLUTION - MAIN STREET

& Bonanza Road

MINUTES

At this time bids for the ornamental lighting for the
Biltmore Tract were received and opened from the following
firms:

General Electric Supply Corporation 700 Turner St. Los Angeles, Calif.

$5,501.07

Westinghouse	902	E. 2nd St.	Los	Angeles, Calif.

$7,645.17

Standard Wholesale Supply Co.	700	So. Main	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

$6,317.60

Vance Electric Company	Box	1085	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

$8,351.85

Line Material Company	740	No. 2nd St.	Milwaukee,	Wis.

$6,268.39

The bids were referred to the Comptroller for computation.

Bids having heretofore been let for the sale of garbage
trucks to be opened as of this date. There were no bids
received.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be instructed
to negotiate with the Railroad Company for a deed to the
City of a 20 foot strip of land on the West side of Main
Street between Carson and Stewart, 12 feet of which is to be
improved by the City and 8 feet by the State Highway. And
further that the City will guarantee to install a five foot
sidewalk along said strip.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bates.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for
their consideration:

RESOLUTION

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

WHEREAS the State of Nevada proposes that a portion of the highway funds which
it is to receive under the terms of the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1944 from the United
States Government, shall be allotted to the reconstruction and improvement of certain
streets within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and such improvements shall be
effected at the earliest possible date; and

WHEREAS, detailed plans for the design of the improvement of North Main Street
from the north curb line of Carson Street, projected, to Bonanza Road and for an improved
intersection at the junction of Bonanza Road with North Main Street, for the improvement
and construction of Bonanza Road from said intersection to a new intersection with North
Fifth Street, of the latter intersection, and of a contemplated intersection with Second
Street when the same is opened and constructed, have been prepared by the Department of
Highways of the State of Nevada and drawings showing such designs have been presented
to this Board of Commissioners for consideration, approval and adoption; and

WHEREAS, the proposed designs for said street and highway improvements as shown
on the State Highway Department drawings, consisting of seven sheets, attached hereto,
are recognized as making provision for a highly desirable civic betterment within and
for the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; now, therefore, be it

RESOLVED, that this Board of Commissioners approve and it hereby does approve
and adopt the proposed alignment of the aforesaid suggested improvements; does approve
and adopt the proposed typical sections designed for the aforesaid suggested improvements,
and does approve and adopt the design of the three intersections proposed; all as shown
on the aforesaid drawings attached hereto and made a part hereof by reference; and be it
further

RESOLVED, that the State of Nevada through its Department of Highways is hereby
urged to make the contemplated improvements to the above designated city streets according
to the aforesaid design and that thereafter said City of Las Vegas shall not permit said
streets to be abandoned, closed, altered nor intersected until the approval thereof by
the State Highway Department is first had and obtained.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti, seconded by Commissioner Baskin, the
foregoing Resolution was passed and adopted this 22nd day of August, 1946.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of August 7, 1946
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk
Authorized to sign same.

 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.
PAYROLL CLAIMS

 SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PETITION—Change of
Zoning

FRONTIER TAXICAB CO.

LIQUOR APPLICATION-
Bruce Kilpatrick

RESTAURANT BEVERAGE
APPLICATION—Shamrock
Cafe

APPLICATION —

  Paul R. Gang

GAMING APPLICATIONS -

Granted

USO— Westside

RESOLUTION--Accepting
Deed—George Thomason

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims # 864 to 873
Inc. in the net sum of $18,578.82 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants #861
to 863 inclusive and #874 in the sum of $15,424.39 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that that certain petition signed by
owners of property In Blocks 2 and 5, Wardie Addition to the
City of Las Vegas, requesting change of zoning status from
existing Class A residential, to Class B, apartments and
multiple dwellings be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Lowell T.

Brown for an additional taxi-cab for the Frontier Taxicab Co.
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Bruce 

Kilpatrick for a package liquor license at the Fremont Drug, 610
Fremont Street, be denied on the basis that the quota of
package liquor licenses has been used up.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Margaret H.
Kent for a restaurant beverage license at the Shamrock Cafe,
1501 So. 5th Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Paul R. Gang
for permission to change his package liquor store location
from 412 So. 2nd to 215 Fremont Street, be granted, provided
he has a partition between the drug store which is in the same
building, and his own business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

The following gaming applications were presented to the Board
for their consideration:

Monte Carlo Club	15 Fremont	James Young	1	RH Book

Key Hole Liquor Store	828½ So. Main	L. Bunzel	1	slot

Richfield Ser. Sta.	3rd & Fremont	H. Simmons	1	slot

Ted & Dot's Cafe	614 So. 5th	Ted Patton Music	1	slot

Farmer Daughter’s	416 W. Bonanza	G. W. Bruce	3	slots

Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be authorized to
advise Youthtown that they have permission to operate the 

Westside USO from September 1 to December 31, 1946, and that in
the meantime, the City will negotiate a lease for its future
operation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was
adopted and order made:
RESOLUTION—Accepting
Deed—Anna T. Pryor
et al.

HEALTH DEPT.—

Dr. Cherry Appointed

POLICE DEPT.—Radio

Equipment
GOLF COURSE CLAIM

EMERGENCY LOAN

BIDS-Street Lighting
Biltmore Addition

RESOLUTION

	BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of August, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners 

of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 2nd
day of July, 1945, executed by George Thomason to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution
was adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, THIS 22nd day of August, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
27th day of June, 1946, executed by Anna T. Pryor, Elisabeth Trischman, Velma O.

Huling, and Velma C. Huling, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted, for the purposes
and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the emergency 

appointment of Dr. Cherry as Health Officer be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, and

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of Ralph
Dow, Radio Technician, that the Police radio equipment be
moved from the War Memorial Building to the County Shop
location, be approved, and the City to contribute $250 for
said work. Further, that the City Manager be instructed 
to negotiate a lease with the County for this location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bates.

Commissioner Clark moved that the claims of the Roberts
Roofing Company in the sum of $176.00 and $18.00 for
repair of the floor in the manager's house at the golf
course be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Baskin moved that September 9th, 1946, at the
hour of 10:00 A.M. of said day be set for hearing on a
resolution to secure an emergency loan in the sum of $125,000.00
to expedite the construction and completion of the Las Vegas
Police Station, and the emergency need to secure the sum of
$106,000.00 to provide for the continued operation of the
street department, park department, street lighting department,
administrative departments, city hall and golf course. Of
the amounts above mentioned the aforesaid sum of $106,000.00
is to be procured by the transfer of funds from the surplus
monies in the General Fund and/or other funds of the City of
Las Vegas. The City Manager is hereby authorized to cause notice
of hearing of the foregoing resolution to be published one
time in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal as provided by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Tabulation of the bids opened earlier in the meeting, having
been completed by the Comptroller for the Street Lighting in
the Biltmore Addition, Commissioner Clark, moved that the bid
of General Electric Supply Company be accepted in the sum of
$5,501.07, and they be permitted to install the new refractory
lights No. 79R 4815866G1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.
HARVEY L. YORK—
Building Permit

REPORT--Legal Dept.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

GOLDEN NUGGET--Cabaret

License

RETAIL RESTAURANT
 BEVERAGE LICENSE—
Granted

 GAMING APPLICATIONS—
Granted

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City

Commissioners held this 7th day of September, 1946. Meeting
called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of
10 A.M. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, City Manager T. E. Fennessy, City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of August 22 be approved
 by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 876 to 884
inclusive and 890 and 891 in the net sum of $19,343.63 be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.
875, 885 to 889 inclusive and 892 and 894 in the sum of
$17,663.16 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of M. B. Abrams
for a cabaret License at the Golden Nugget at 2nd & Fremont
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Eldon Erwin
Lewis for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license, at 18 Garces
Street, at the Thelma and Doris' Cafe, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Corradetti and Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming applications
be granted:

In view of the opinion of the City Attorney, in his letter
dated August 22, 1946, Commissioner Baskin moved that the
petition of property owners for the revocation of permits
issued to Harvey L. York for the erection of a building at
713 South 3rd Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

The report of the Legal Department for the period of August 1,
1946, to date, was presented to the Board,

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting adjourn
until September 7 at the hour of 10 A. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.
GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd & Fremont	Guy McAfee 2 Crap Games

5 "21" Games
3 Roulette

2 Poker	 

2 Pan
1 Hazard

1 Tango—136 Chairs
1 RH Keno
1 RH Book
48 Slots

THE ROUND UP INC.	So. 5th & Main	A. G. Dattge	2	slots

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	24 Fremont	Dave Sirotta	2	slots

MODERN FOOD MARKET	315 Fremont	Don Atkin	3	slots

SAVE RITE DRUG STORE	14 Fremont	A. Kroloff	6	slots

RONDEVOUS BARBECUE	400 Jackson	J. D. Shepherd2	Slots

EL DORADO CLUB	128 Fremont	Moe Sedway	1	Faro Bank

1 RH Keno

1 Tango-124 Chairs

 ELECTRICAL EXHIBIT--
Glendale, Calif.

 POLICE DEPT. — Report
Re Arrest Ryland
Taylor

ORDINANCE #321—Referred
to Committee

BIDS— Repairs to
Airport—Administration
Building

BID--Grader

 VEGAS HEIGHTS IMPROVE-
MENT DISTRICT--Grader
Donated

 REUBEN COHEN

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that Frank Partie, City Electrician, be
allowed #30.00 to cover expenses to attend an electrical exhibit
at Glendale, Calif.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

The report of the Chief of Police re:	Arrest of Ryland G. Taylor

and Robert Kaltenborn, dated August 29, 1946, was read to the Board.
Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the report be filed*

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION
OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY IMPROVING WITH A
ASPHALT SURFACE CERTAIN GRAVEL STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS OF
SAID CITY PROVIDING THAT THE THE COSTS AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL
BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL LOTS INCLUDED
WITHIN THE SPECIAL IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED ACCORDING
TO BENEFITS EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL
FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO,
was read to the Board by title and referred to Commissioners Clark
and Bates for recommendation and report at the next regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners.

The bid of H. C. Hauck being the only one received for repairs on
the Airport Administration Building was opened at this time.

Their bid being in the sum of $7,260.00, Commissioner Bates moved
that the bid be rejected as there was not sufficient money to
handle it.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye; noes

none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

At this time the Bid of Clark Cole for purchase of an Austin-
Western Grader from the City of Las Vegas, was opened, said bid
being $20.00.

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing bid be
rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Austin Western grader mentioned
in the foregoing bid be donated to the Vegas Heights Improvement
district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

At this time Mr. Reuben Cohen appeared before the Board
protesting the action of the Plumbing Board in turning down his
application for a Master Plumber's license on the grounds that
he had not passed the examination required. Mr. Cohen stated
that he felt that he was being legislated against and that he
had not had time to pass the examination and would offer $100
to anyone who could complete it in the time allotted.
INDUSTRIAL TRACT--
 O. J. Scherer

MAIN STREET WIDENING

LEGAL DEPT.—Traveling
Expenses

SUB-DIVISION—Zaugg
Violation

SUB-DIVISION—Kelso-
 Turner Housing Project

Thereafter, Mr. Rupert and Mr. Chambers spoke on behalf of
of the Plumbers Examining Board. Mr. Bob Goldstein, on behalf
of Mr. Cohen, stated that if he might see a copy of the 

examination, for the purpose of determining whether it was the
same examination he took, it might settle the argument.

Thereafter, Mr. Treem, Sanitation officer for the City, came in
and they retired to his office to make an study of the
examination papers involved. Shortly thereafter they returned
to the council Chamber and Mr. Cohen stated that he wished the
matter dropped at the present time.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
planning Commission be approved relative to furnishing
sanitary sewers in the industrial tract of O. J. Scherer to
that portion zoned for industry; and that the lots in the
residential section thereof be allowed to use septic tanks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the State Highway Department
be permitted to file a revised set of drawings for the widening
of certain portions of Main Street, as mentioned in the 

resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners at their
last meeting held August 22, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be allowed
expenses while appearing before the Supreme Court at Carson
City, Nevada, on behalf of the City of Las Vegas on the
fingerprinting ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and

Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
planning Commission of September 6, 1946, relative to 

violation of the sub-division laws by Arnold Zaugg be approved
and the City Attorney be directed to take necessary action
to restrain or enjoin these activities.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and

Corradetti.

The following recommendations from the Planning Commission
were presented to the Board in regard to the Kelso-Turner
Housing Project.

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

Honorable Mayor and

Board of City Commissioners,

City Hall

Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Subdivisions

Kelso-Turner Housing
Project

Gentlemen:

In accordance with your request for recommendations relative to the
dedication of streets in the Kelso-Turner Project, the Joint Planning
Commission is happy to advise as follows:

Since the development of this project has been made over existing
record subdivisions or portions of record subdivisions it would not
be advisable nor legally feasible to establish new streets until . .

1.	The Federal Government or other responsible Authority

has secured complete title to the lands concerned and then,

2.	Such agency must take the proper steps necessary to
vacate the record tracts or portions thereof over which
the present project has been developed, whereupon

3.	A new street scheme (the existing development) should
be platted and processed as a new subdivision complying
with standards of the Planning Commission and City of
Las Vegas.

Any and all expense incurred in connection with the above procedure
should be borne by the Federal Government, Authority, or other Agency
SUB-DIVISION -

 Bonanza Village

 JOB TITLES—1946

having jurisdiction or ownership of the Kelso-Turner Project.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the
recommendations of the Planning Commission and refer the matter
to the City Manager for action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

The following letter of explanation as to the improvements of
boundary streets of Bonanza Village was received from the Planning
Commission:

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
City Hall
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Subdivisions

Bonanza Village

Gentlemen:

In accordance with your request for clarification of requirements
for the installation of street improvements in the above tract,
please be advised as follows.

By action of the Joint Planning Commission at a meeting held
September 5, 1946, it was held that it is not the intention of the
Commission to obligate the developers of this tract to improve half
streets on the North and East tract boundaries. The basis of this
recommendation is supported on the fact that:

1. The State Highway Department anticipates the future
improvement of the Right of Way on the North boundary
(city limits) by inclusion on the State Primary System;
and possible improvement of the Right of Way on the

east by inclusion in the State Secondary Program.	

2.	Any improvements of these Right of Ways installed at this
time may possibly be removed or reconstructed when the
State designs and builds the anticipated routes.

3.	Properties on the North and East boundaries have no access
except to streets within the tract which are surfaced.

Therefore, streets on the South and West boundaries should
be and have been improved as the normal entrance and access
streets to the tract and lots abutting thereon.

It would appear that grading of the street on the north would suffice	 

until other improvements are made, the street on the East already
being open.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS -- CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/ C. G. Petrie,_________

Planning Engineer

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the
recommendations of the Planning Commission as per the foregoing
letter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

The following recommendations of the City Manager relative to
the creation of job titles for 1946 was presented to the Board
for their consideration:

August 30, 1946

In order to make some necessary adjustments in the organization setup to
effect economics of operation and to establish positions for On-The-Job Training of
Disabled Veterans, it is recommended that the following positions be created:
EMERGENCY LOAN

1.	Director of Public Works.............. . . .$450.00 per mo.

2. Foreman-Sanitation............................. 250.00 Per mo.

3. Deputy Building Inspector..................... 275.00 per mo.

Sufficient funds are available in the Sewage Disposal budget for
transfer to the proper accounts to cover the cost of #1 and #3 for the balance of 1946

#3 is a possible training job and if candidates are found this
position, the selected veteran will be started at $25 annually until he reaches the
maximum recommended above. Funds are available in the Building Inspection budget
to cover the costs for the balance of 1946.

Respectfully submitted,

s/T. E. Fennessy________

City Manager

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the 

recommendation of the City Manager relative to the creation
of job titles for 1946 be approved, and established
as of September 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin

and Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
adjourn until Monday, September 9, at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin

and Corradetti.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 9, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 9th of September, 1946, Meeting
called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the
hour of 2 P.M. with the following members present:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, City Manager T. E.
Fennessy, City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	

Commissioner Baskin and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

This being the time set for hearing on the Notice of
Intention to Act on a Resolution to Secure and Emergency
loan, and there being no protests filed at this time, the
following Resolution was presented to the Board for 

consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency, due to the rising
costs of building, for the securing of funds to expedite the construction and completion of
a Police Station, and Jail Facilities and

WHEREAS, unforeseen expenses are being incurred in connection with the
operations of the street department, administrative department, sewer department, park
department, golf department, City Hall and Street lighting departments for which no funds
were provided in the 1946 Budget, and

WHEREAS, the only means possible to meet these obligations and 

expenditures is through the securing of an emergency loan, funds for which are partially available,
without impairment to its fiscal affairs in the unapportioned surplus accounts of the General
Funds, Cemetery Fund, Fire Station Construction Fund and Bond Interest and Redemption Fund, of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that the City borrow the sum of One Hundred Twenty-five Thousand
Dollars ($125,000.00) or whatever part thereof said Board finds necessary or expedient to
borrow, at an interest rate of not to exceed eight percent (8%) per annum, and to provide
in subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof, of both interest and principal,
within the period of two and one-half (2½) years from date of the actual borrowing of said sum,and
BONANZA AIR SERVICE—

Landing Privileges

VETERANS OF FOREIGN
WARS—Carnival

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, by said Board of Commissioners, that the City
do borrow the sum of One Hundred Six Thousand Dollars ($106,000), said sum to procured by
a transfer of funds from surplus moneys In the General Fund and/or other funds of the City
of Las Vegas where such transfer will not impair the fiscal affairs of the funds involved,
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the to Mayor and City Clerk be, and they are
hereby authorized and empowered, to make, execute, and deliver the promissory note or notes
and other evidence of indebtedness as may be necessary to carry into effect this resolution,
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Comptroller be, and is hereby
authorized and empowered to effect the transfer of surplus funds, as hereinabove mentioned
to carry into effect this resolution, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas be authorized to execute this resolution and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
execute and deliver a certified copy of this resolution to the State Board of Finance of
the State of Nevada.

The foregoing resolution was read aloud and adopted at the
recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas on the 9th day of September, 1946,

Voting aye; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor Mayor Cragin.

Voting no:	None

Absent:	Commissioner Baskin

E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

(SEAL)



At this time June Simon appeared before the Board relative to
landing privileges for Bonanza Air Service, when, and, if they
receive approval from the Civil Aeronautics Board and the U. S.
Army. Further, that the City Manager be instructed to notify
Western Air express and TWA of the City's intention to enter
into an agreement with the Bonanza Air Line. While negotiations
are under way, if necessary authority has been granted by the Army
and the Civil Air Board; the Bonanza Air Lines may use the field,
and the City will enter into a lease agreement with them at an
early date. Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Veterans of
Foreign Wars for permission to sponsor the Siebrand Carnival
from September 18 to 27 inclusive at the Helldorado Grounds be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until September 21, at the hour or 10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye;: noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.
PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
  WARRANTS

PAWN SHOP LICENSE—
  King Jewelry

 PETITION - Coolidge
Street

GAMING APPLICATIONS

PLANNING BOARD—

Reappointment - Bob
Griffith

WAGE SCALE 1947

Las Vegas, Nevada

September 21, 1946

At a regular Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 21st day of September, 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 9. a.m. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.
Absent; Commissioners Bates and Clark; and City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the minutes of September 7 an
9 be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved the Payroll Claims Nos. 895 to 902
inclusive in the net sum of $17,677.60 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 903 and 904 in the sum of $4,844.22 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin , Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, noes none. Absent Commissioners Bates and Clark

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Sidney
Frank, Vice-president of King Jewelry Co. of Nevada Inc. for
a pawn shop license be granted in accordance with the 

recommendation of the Chief of Police.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

A certain petition dated September 6, 1946 to the Board of City
Commissioners signed by property owners on and adjacent to
Coolidge Street requesting that steps be taken to reopen that
portion of Coolidge Street, South 4th Street to South 5th Street
and Charleston Blvd. was presented to the Board for their 

consideration.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that this petition be 

referred to the Planning Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following gaming applications
be approved:

THELMA & DORIS' CAFE	18 Garces	Ted Patton	1	slot

WILSHIRE OIL CO	1600 South 5th	Reba I. Truesdell

Herbert E. Ward	1	slot

LAS VEGAS CLUB	23 Fremont	J. K. Houssels	6	slots

GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd & Fremont	M. T. Shorie	2	"21"	Games

1 craps

GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd & Fremont	Guy McAfee	1	Faro 	Bank

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting a ye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that Robert B. Griffith be reappointed
as a member of the Joint Planning Commission for a six year term
commencing April 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

The following wage scale for 1947 was presented to the Board
by the City Manager for their consideration:
ADMINISTRATIVE & SUPERVISORY     Annual Increase
Starting   Maximum	in Monthly Rate

Rating	Title	Salary	Salary	Each Employment Yr.

1	Jr. Clerks
Jr. Typists

Jr. Recreation Leaders

Jr. Librarians	$125.00	$150.00	$5.00

EMPLOYEES WITHOUT PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE IN LINE OF DUTIES.

2	Deputy Treasurer
Deputy Clerks 

Deputy Typists
Recreation Leaders
Lifeguards
Librarians

Jr. Storekeepers	$150.00	$175.00	$5.00

EMPLOYEES WITH ACCEPTABLE RECORD OF PAST EXPERIENCE ELSEWHERE.

3	Deputy Chief Clerks

Stenos & Secretaries
Bookkeepers -
Corpsmen
Cashiers
Chief Librarian
Asst. Recreation Directors

Storekeepers	$175.00	$200.00	$5.00

EMPLOYEES WITH CONSIDERABLE EXPERIENCE AND TRAINING IN DUTIES

4	Accountants 

Deputy Inspectors
Auditors
Instrument Man
Deputy Controller
Legal Clerk
Chief Storekeepers

Asst. Foreman	$200.00	$275.00	$25.00

EMPLOYEES QUALIFIED BY TRAINING, EXPERIENCE AND EXECUTIVE ABILITY DEMONSTRATED.

5	Chief Deputy Controller 

Chief Inspectors
Recreation Director
Purchasing Agent
Foremen

Asst. Engineers & Draftsmen 

Chief of Party	$275.00	$325.00	$25.00

EMPLOYEES WELL ADVANCED AND TRAINED IN METHODS, PROCEDURE AND POSSESSING NECESSARY
SKILL AND EXECUTIVE ABILITY.

6	Controller 

Police Chief, Fire Chief
Office Engineer

City Electrician	$325.00	$400.00	$25.00

EMPLOYEES FULLY TRAINED AND POSSESSING FULL KNOWLEDGE OF METHODS, PROCEDURE AND
TECHNICAL SKILL.

6	Director of Police Works	$450.00	$550.00	$25.00

City Engineer	$450.00	$550.00	$25.00

7	City Manager	$600.00

POLICE

CHIEF AND INSPECTOR COVERED UNDER ADMINISTRATIVE ABOVE.

Capt. Detective	$260.00	$300.00	$20.00

Capt. Police	$250.00	$290.00	$20.00

Sergeant Detective	$250.00	$280.00	$20.00

Sergeant Police	$230.00	$270.00	$20.00

Capt. Identification	$260.00	$300.00	$20.00

Detectives	$220.00	$260.00	$20.00

Patrolman	$210.00	$250.00	$20.00

Cook	$160.00	$200.00	$20.00

Clerks (48 hrs.)	$160.00	$200.00	$20.00

Dept. Poundmaster (7 da.)

(Quarters furnished)	$200.00	$225.00	$10.00

Policewomen	$200.00	$240.00	$20.00

FIRE

CHIEF COVERED UNDER ADMINISTRATIVE ABOVE.

Marshall & Captains	$260.00	$300.00	$20.00

Drivers	$250.00	$260.00	$ 5.00

Fireman	$210.00	$250.00	$20.00

Engineer	$265.00	$275.00	$ 5.00
BIDS - Truck Body

 PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 321

 BIDS — Swimming Pool

WAGE SCALE FOR 1947 (Cont)	Annual Increase

Starting - Maximum       In Monthly Rate

Rating	Title	Salary	Salary    Each Employment Yr.

PUBLIC WORKS

ELECTRICAL, STREET, PARK, SEWAGE DISPOSAL & MAINTENANCE, GARBAGE DISPOSAL, DIRECTOR,

CITY ELECTRICIAN, FOREMEN AND ASST. FOREMEN, PUBLIC BUILDINGS, COVERED UNDER 

ADMINISTRATIVE AND INSPECTION.

Shovel Operator	$250.00	$275.00	$12.50

Blade Operator	$250.00	$265.00	$12.50

Broom Operator	$225.00	$250.00	$12.50

Truck Drivers	$185.00	$225.00	$20.00

Skilled Labor & Disposal Operators   $210.00	$250.00	$20.00

Laborers	$175.00	$210.00	$20.00

Mechanics	$264.00	$275.00	$11.00

Timekeepers	$225.00	$250.00	$12.50

Dump Man (Scavenger rites)	$150.00	$150.00

Lineman	$240.00	$265.00	$12.50

Lineman Helpers	$210.00	$235.00	$12.50

Lineman Apprentices	$185.00	$210.00	$12.50

Janitor	$185.00	$210.00	$12.50.

CEMETERY

Superintendent

(Quarters Furnished)	$220.00	$270.00	$25.00

Assistant	$200.00	$225.00	$25.00

Labor (Manual)	$175.00	210.00	$20.00

COURT

Court Clerk (Part Time)	$125.00		$175.00	$25.00

Steno-Typist (Part Time)	$ 80.00	$175.00	$10.00

MISC.

Janitor (Library) part time	$ 30.00	$ 50.00	$10.00

Golf Pro-Manager

(Quarters furnished)	$200.00	$250.00	$25.00

Golf Labor	$175.00	$210.00	$20.00 

NOTE:	Itinerant Labor, technical aid, building trades and scientific help

on hourly basis at prevailing scale when and if needed.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing wage
scale for 1947 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

At this time Commissioner Bates arrived.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for two truck
dump bodies and hoists, mounted on K-6 KHC trucks, 140" wheel
base.

There being only one bid from the Clark County Whse Mercantile
which was in the sum of $575.25 each; said bid from the Clark
County Whse Mercantile also provided for shortening of the wheel
base in the sum of $100.00 each.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Clark
County Whse. Mercantile Company of $575.25 each for the truck
bodies be approved; and the bid relating to the shortening of
the Wheel base be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

The Committee heretofore appointed to make recommendation on 

proposed Ordinance No. 321 having reported favorably on said
ordinance entitled, ” AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE DETERMINATION
OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE
CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY IMPROVING WITH
ASPHALT SURFACE CERTAIN GRAVELLED STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS
OF SAID CITY PROVIDING THAT THE COST AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL
BE PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL LOTS INCLUDED
WITHIN THE SPECIAL IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED
ACCORDING TO BENEFIT. EXCEPT WHERE BY THE CHARTER OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO BE PAID
FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, AND OTHER
MATTERS RELATING THERETO,” was read to the Board for the first
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing Ordinance
be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

At this time bids were opened for the construction of two
swimming pools in the City of Las Vegas. The bid of Mr. Stanley
,	s/Helen Scott Reed_________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

We, the undersigned, Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

s/E. W. Cragin	s/T. E. Fennessy

s/a. Corradetti	s/ Walter B. Bates

s/ Pat Clark	s/ Bob Baskin

This special meeting was called to order at the hour of 10 a.m.
September 27, 1946, by His Honor Mayor W. W. Cragin with the 

following members present: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen
Scott Reed.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO: E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor, C. R. CLARK, A. CORRADETTI, R. T. BASKIN, WALTER
BATES, Commissioners and T. E. FENNESSY, City Manager, of the City of
Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
Issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on Friday, September 27, 1946
at the hour of 10:00 a.m. to consider the following:

1.	To act upon Gaming and Liquor Applications

2.	Pawnshop license - George Harris

3.	Resolution granting emergency loan

4.	Police Station

5.	Swimming Pool

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 27, 1946

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
is hereby called to be held In the Commissioners' Council Chambers in the
War Memorial Building on Friday, September 27, 1946 at the hour of 10:00
a.m. to act upon the following:

1.	To act upon Gaming and Liquor Applications

2.	Pawnshop license - George Harris

3.	Resolution granting emergency loan

4.	Police Station

5.	Swimming Pool

s/E. W. Cragin	__________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

Runyan for the construction of the two pools was the only bid
received, and the bid of A. R. Ruppert Plumbing and Heating
Company was the only bid received on the plumbing installations. The
bid of Mr. Stanley Runyan was in the sum of $139,688.00 and the
bid of A. R. Ruppert Plumbing and Heating Company was in the stun
of $14,470.67.

At the hour of 10:10 a.m. the Board recessed.

At the hour of 10:20 a.m., this date, the Board reconvened with
all present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bates moved that all bids for the construction of
swimming pools be rejected, and the bid bond returned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting recess
until 2. P.M. September 30, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.
GAMING APPLICATION

The following renewals of gaming applications for the 4th
Quarter were presented to the Board for their consideration:

CHARLESTON INN	17 W. Charleston	A. R. Stowell	3	slots

MALT SHOP	5th & Carson	Ruby Johnson	3	slots

BUSY BEE CAFE	105 North 1st	John Stathis	2	slots

TOM’S LIQUOR STORE	1027 South Main	Thomas E. Kirby	4	slots

BILLS LUNCH	217 North Main	Thomas E. Kirby	1	slot

CHRISTIES FINER FOODS	119 Carson	H. Levy	8	slots

TEXACO SILVER ST. STA.	5th & Fremont	Frank Gordon	1	slot

ETHEL’S LIQUOR #2	411 E. Fremont	Frank Gordon	2	slots

MARKET SPOT	117-19 Carson	H. Levy	5	slots

MARKET SPOT LIQUOR STORE	117-19 Carson	H. Levy	2	slots

NEVADA BILTMORE	600 North Main	Horace Heidt	17 slots

1	craps

2	21 games
1 Roulette

WIMPY’S	210 Fremont	Orpha Sill Miller	3	slots

SWISS VILLAGE	116 North 5th	E. W. Fountain	3	slots

SILL’S	5th & Charleston	Orpha Sill Miller	8	slots

LAS VEGAS BARBECUE	22 Fremont	Louis DuBois	4	slots

SLOT MACHINE	103	Fremont	M. B. Abrams	35 slots

FREMONT ARCADE	101	Fremont	M. B. Abrams	34 slots

1	craps

1	21 game

MANDALAY BAR	111	Fremont	W. E. Greene	10 slots

SILVER CLUB	108	North 1st	Joe Morgan	2 slots

2	21 games
1 crap

1	roulette

SILVER CAFE	106	North 1st	Joe Morgan	4 slots

GOLDEN CAMEL	BAR	110	North 1st	Joe Morgan	4 slots

VEGAS LANES	125	South 2nd	Blaine A. Brattain 8 slots

DESERT INN	1507 South 5th	George Pappas	1	slot

BALL’S GROCERY	404 South 2nd	Lewis E. Ball	2	slots

SAVE-ON-LIQUOR	504 North Main	L. M. Wilson	3	slots

OVERLAND HOTEL	Main & Fremont	L. M. Wilson	3	slots

RICHFIELD SE.STATION	5th & Fremont	L. M. Wilson	3	slots

FOREIGN CLUB	111 North 1st	Walter Argyle	4	slots

BROWN DERBY	320 Monroe	P. L. Jefferson	4	slots

TURF SAVOY CLUB	116 Fremont	Dave Stearns	1	RH Book

MARK’S FOOD CO.	1500 Fremont	Albert Schulmann	6	slots

HAMBURGER KING	324½ Fremont	Pat Rozzelle	7	slots

CLIFF’S 5th St.	729 South 5th	Pat Rozzelle	3	Slots

ORANGE JULIUS CO.	405 Fremont	Pat Rozzelle	5	slots

LAS VEGAS CLUB	23 Fremont	J. Kell.Houssels   35 slots

2	craps

3	"21"

2 Wheels
1 Big 6 Wh
1 RH Book
1 Faro Bank

1	RH Keno

2	Poker
1 Pan

2 Bridge

LAS VEGAS TAVERN	19 Fremont	J. Kell Houssels	7	slots

OASIS NURSERY	808 South	5th	Jack Furnace	1	slot

LARNIN DRUG	812 South	5th	Jack Furnace	3	slots

OLD RANCH MARKET	900 North	5th	Jack Furnace	1	slot

FRED’S LIQUOR	STORE	203	Bridger	Fred Kennedy	3	slots

OVERLAND BAR	2 Fremont	Sid Martin	7	Slots

OVERLAND LIQUOR STORE	6 Fremont	Sid Martin	3	slots

SAL SAGEV TAVERN	1 Fremont	J. Kell Houssels 9	slots

ACE BAR	111	South 1st	Robert Kroloff	16 slots

COTTON CLUB	500	Jackson	J. Calbert & 

U. Caperton 6 slots
2 poker
1 "21"

1	RH Keno

ROUND UP TAVERN	E. & Jackson	P. L.	Jefferson	2	slots

5th STREET LIQUOR STORE	727 South Fifth 	Katie	& Gordon Potter	4 slots

EL MOROCCO CLUB	E. & Jackson	Frank	Wilson	3	slots

1 "21"

2	Poker
1 Craps

SEWELL'S	309 Fremont	A. H.	Imming	2	slots

MODERN FOOD SHOP	315 Fremont	w. E.	Launders	2	slots

SPIC 'N SPAN 	124½ North 1st	Morton Goldring	3 slots

EL DORADO CLUB	128 Fremont	Moe Sedway	24 slots

1	Faro Bank

2	Craps

3	"21"

2 Roulette
1 Big 6 Wh
1 RH Book
1 RH Keno
1 Tango
(124)

TED & DOT'S CAFE	614 South 5th	Ted Patton	3 slots
BOULDER DRUG &
WESTSIDE TAVERN

THELMA & DORIS' CAFE	18 Garces	Ted Patton	3	slots

TIVOLI TAVERN	126 North 6th	J. B. Gaut &

Mrs. Robt. Burrows 3 slots
FIRST STREET GROCERY	631	South 1st	S. Grant Stewart	2 slots

PLAYLAND	129	South 1st	George B. Parry	55 slots

STEAK HOUSE	122	South 1st	George B. Parry	4 slots

APACHE BAR(Back)	2nd & Fremont	Olga Silvagni	4	slots

APACHE BAR (Front)	2nd & Fremont	Olga Silvagni	8	slots

HAROLD'S DRIVE IN	700	North Main	Reed Wittwer	5 slots

CUT RATE LIQUOR	132	South 5th	Josie Dondich	2 slots

BOULDER DRUG CO.	121	Fremont	Harry Farnow	7 slots

PIONEER CLUB	25 Fremont	Milton B. Page	38 slots

2	Pan

S Poker
1 RH Reno
5 "21"

3	Roulette
3 craps

PIONEER COCKTAIL LOUNGE	26 Fremont	Milton B. Page	7	slots

PONY EXPRESS STAGES	123	South 1st	E. E. Wilson	7 slots

CLUB SAVOY	116	Fremont	H. C. Badger	16 slots

1 craps
1 Roulette
1 "21"

SNAPPY SNACKS	311 North Main	A. Kroloff	2	slots

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR ST.	812 Fremont	C. M. Travis	3	slots

S.W. LIQUOR STORE	101 Carson	Max Gordon	3	slots

NEVADA COFFEE SHOP	113 North 1st	George J. Adras	2	slots

SNYDERS DRIVE IN	300 W. Bonanza	L. L. Snyder	3	slots

MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE	106 Fremont	Mike Gordon	4	slots

ETHEL'S LIQUOR STORE	28 Fremont	Ethel Rappaport	1	slot

ETHEL'S LIQUOR STORE	409 Fremont	Ethel Rappoport	1	slot

ROUND UP INC.	South 4th and Main	R.	T.	Baskin	8	slots

ROUND UP LIQUOR STORE	South 5th and Main	R.	R.	Baskin	3	slots

ERLICH & JOHNSON	510 North Main	L.	P.	Lawrence	3	slots

DON BORAX VARIETY	420 North Main	L.	P.	Lawrence	3	slots

STANDARD MARKET	602 South 5th	L.	P.	Lawrence	3	slots

BEACON SHOP	112 North 3rd	L.	P.	Lawrence	3	slots

JOES LUNCH	119 North 1st	L.	B.	Lawrence	2	slots

CINNABAR	103 South 1st	L.	P.	Lawrence	5	slots

PRIME MEATS	820 South 5th	L. P. Lawrence	4	slots

SILVER STATE NEWS	117 South 2nd	L. P. Lawrence	3	slots

SAVOY GRILL	620 South 5th	L. P. Lawrence	4	slots

LOW PRICE MARKET	131 North Main	L. P. Lawrence	2	slots

SAL SAGEV CAFE	5 Fremont	A. Kroloff	1	slot

TIVOLI TAVERN	126 North 1st	A. Kroloff	1	slot

EIGHT BALL BAR	117 North 1st	A. Kroloff	8	slots

SAVE RITE DRUG	18 Fremont	A. Kroloff	8	slots

CITY DRUG	231 Fremont	A. Kroloff	8	slots

LITTLE HORSESHOE CAFE	118½ North 1st	A. Kroloff	2	slots

WILSHIRE OIL COMPANY	313 North Main	A. Kroloff	2	slots

ESQUIRE LOUNGE	120 South 2nd	A. Kroloff	1	slot

COREY'S FINE FOODS	402 Fremont	A. Kroloff	2	slots

SPORTSMAN'S SUPPLY	406 Fremont	A. Kroloff	2	slots

MAIN LIQUOR STORE	412 South	2nd	A. Kroloff	2	slots

VEGAS SNACK SHOP	819 Ogden	A. Kroloff	1	slots

LANREP BAR	13 Fremont	John F. Miller	7	slots

SAL SAGEV HOTEL	Fremont &	Main	John F. Miller	3	slots

SAL SAGEV RESTAURANT	Fremont &	Main	John F. Miller	2	slots

PROFESSIONAL PHARMACY	421 Fremont	Lee Hughes	4	slots

RAY'S SHELL STATION	125 South 5th	Lee Hughes	1	slot

PEARL'S CAFE	224 North	Lee Hughes	2	slots

BELVERDERE GROCERY	H. & Harrison	Lee Hughes	1	slot

PRESCRIPTION PHCY	814 Fremont	Lee Hughes	1	slot

SILVER ST. TEXACO STA.	5th & Fremont	Lee Hughes	1	slot

WESTSIDE TAVERN	B & Wilson	Lee Hughes	4	slots

STAN & MARY'S DRIVE IN	10th & Fremont	Lee Hughes	1	slot

EDMOND'S ASSOC. SERVICE	5th	& Carson	Lee	Hughes	1	slot

ORTON'S GRILL	121	South 5th	Lee	Hughes	3	slots

TIVOLI TAVERN	126	North 1st	Lee	Hughes	1	slot

COTTON CLUB	E &	Jackson	Lee	Hughes	1	slot

WESTSIDE SHOPPING CENTER	D &	Jackson	Lee	Hughes	1	slot

WESTSIDE CAFE	D & 	Madison	Lee	Hughes	2	slots

J. D. DRIVE IN	418	Madison	Lee	Hughes	2	slots

EL MOROCCO CLUB	E &	Jackson	Lee	Hughes	1	slot

HAROLD'S DRIVE IN	726	North Main	Lee	Hughes	1	slot

ADAM'S GROCERY	111	North 9th st	Lee	Hughes	1	slot

RICHFIELD SERVICE	3rd & Fremont	Herbert Simmons	3	slots

BLUE CAB COMPANY	3rd & Fremont	Herbert Simmons	1	slot

MADEMOISELLE BEAUTY SALON 118 North 5th	George Parry	2	slots

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing gaming licenses
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the applications of Harry B. Farnow
of the Boulder Drug Company, 121 E. Fremont for "21" table and
the application of J. H. Chewning, Westside Tavern, 206 Wilson
Avenue for one "21" table be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.
DESERT INN

BONANZA LIQUOR STORE

PAUL R. GANG

HARRY FARNOW -- Liquor
Application Denied

PAWN SHOP LICENSE
George Harris

EMERGENCY LOAN

LIQUOR LICENSES

Commissioner Clark moved that the following liquor licenses
be granted:

HOUSE OF MURPHY	1409	South	5th	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage

Ray O. Soles	1503	South	5th	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage

LA FONDA MEXICAN FOODS

(Formerly Tip's 	Cafe()	1515	South	5th	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage

P.A. Espanoza

STAN & MARY’S DRIVE	IN	931 Fremont	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage

(Formerly Billies Drive In)	Stan Morse & Mary Franklin

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of George Pappas
for a Retail Liquor License at 1507 South 5th Street be granted
upon his filing with the City Clerk a letter from John Anton
stating that he is no longer interested in said license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Raymond Salmon
for a Sealed Package Miniature Liquor license at the Bonanza
Liquor store, 418 West Bonanza Road, formerly operated by Mr.
Chester Pate stating that he is no longer associated with the
business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin,Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Paul R. Gang
for a Sealed Package Miniature Liquor License at 215 Fremont be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Harry D. Farnow
for a Tavern license at 121 Fremont be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of George Harris
for a pawnshop license on South 1st Street in the Charleston
Hotel be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the resolution authorizing the
Board of City Commissioners in the City of Las Vegas to make a
temporary emergency loan approved by the State Board of Finance
September 21, 1946, be Copied into the minutes as follows:

RESOLUTION

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE

Meeting held September 21, 1946

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board
of Finance, duly called and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of
that certain Act of the Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the
Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and other 

Governmental Agencies," approved March 22, 1917, as amended, that a great necessity or
emergency has arisen in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that necessity now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan
by and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
for the purpose of meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by the 

preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said Board of City 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas duly called and held on the 9th day of 

September, 1946, authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set forth in said 

resolution, a duly certified copy of which is now on file and of record in the office
of the State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said
emergency resolution was duly published according to law; therefore, be

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution
of said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of Two Hundred Thirty-one Thousand
Dollars ($231,000) as in said resolution set forth and authorized, be and the
same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted
by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance to said Board of City Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas,in order that the same may be recorded in the minutes of
SWIMMING POOL

POLICE STATION
CONTRACT

the meeting of said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, as
provided by law.

I, Dan W. Pranks, certify that I am the acting Secretary of the State
Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true, and correct copy of a
resolution duly adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board of Finance at a
meeting held on the 21st day of September, 1946.

Dated this 23rd day of September, 1946.

s/ Dan W. Frank	______________	_______

Acting Secretary of the State Board of Finance

Motion seconded by Commissioners Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the matter of the swimming pool
project be held over until October 7 Meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the proposed contract with
C. G. Barnell for the construction of a police station in the
sum of $311,037.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held 
this 7th day of October, 1946. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem C. R. Clark, at 2 P.M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Absent:	C. Norman Cornwall, City Attorney and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of September 21 and 27
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 905 to 914
inc. and 920 and 923 in the net sum of $19,263.89 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor 

Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos.
915-919 inc. and 921 and 922 in the sum of $16,126.01 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Jack A. Baxter
for a license to operate two taxi cabs in the City of Las Vegas be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

This being the time set for the opening of bids to secure an
emergency loan. The only bid received was from the First National
Bank of Nevada, 115 South 3rd Street, which bid was for 3% per
annum on $125,000.00 for a period up to and including June 30, 1947.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the First
National Bank of Nevada be accepted, and the Mayor and City Clerk
are hereby authorized to sign a note for said loan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS

TAXI APPLICATION -
 Jack A. Baxter

 BIDS- -Emergency
Loan
ZONE EXCEPTION-
  Cases No. 18-20-
21 & 22

CGP:GM

cc-City Manager
B. Mohlon Brown

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
planning Commission regarding Zone Exception cases No.

18, 20, 21 and 22 which are as follows, be approved.

	October 3

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners	19	46

War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	zone exception case #18, B. Mahlon Brown

Lots 10, ll, 12, 13, l4, 18, and 19,

Block 22 Wardie Addition

Lots 16, 17, 18, 19, Block 23, Wardie

Addition

Lots 29, 30, 31, 32, Block 24, Pioneer
Heights Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable
board adopt an order approving the recommendation of the joint
planning commission that the above petitioner be granted permission to
use the above mentioned lots for LIMITED COMMERCIAL USE as described
below. Such lots are located in residence zone #1 as legally described
in the petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in the office
of the planning commission. These lots adjoin an area on the north
side of East Charleston Boulevard which is being established as a
neighborhood business district in the new land use plan.

It is further recommended that the order include the
following provisions:

1.	That such lots be subject only to LIMITED
COMMERCIAL USE classified as professional
offices for the administration to persons
(but nor for the housing thereof) of 

professional, medical or dental practices.

2.	The display of any signs upon the above 

mentioned premises shall be limited to one sign
for each professional office not exceeding
one-half square foot in area and containing
only the name of the occupant. No flashing
or blinking lights shall be placed upon any
such sign which shall be located at the 

entrance of each professional office.

3.	That the conduct of such professional use be
subject to any other laws or regulations of
the State of Nevada or the City of Las Vegas.

4.	That the external appearance of buildings of
structures to be erected for the housing of
such professional offices be of residential
character and that all plans relative thereto
be submitted to and approved by the planning
commission prior to the issuance of a 

building permit for same.

5.  That additional right-of-way needed for the
widening of Charleston Boulevard be conveyed
to the City of Las Vegas, as verbally agreed
to by the petitioner, at the time of or prior
to the issuance of building permits for any
structures to be located on said property.

This petition involving property legally 

described therein and classified in residence zone #1 was presented
to and reviewed by members of the joint planning commission on
October 1, 1946. After consideration of all factual data before 

members of the commission, it was determined that the exception here recommended under
the conditions set forth was consistent with the intent and purposes of
the City zoning ordinance and amendments thereto now being prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

Las Vegas — Clark County
Joint planning Commission

/s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer
October 3
19	4 6

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case #20, John Cost

West 90 Ft. of lots 1, 2, 3 and 4
Block 27, Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite
301-303-305 Lewis Street

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable
board adopt an order approving the recommendation of the joint
planning commission that the above petitioner be granted permission
to use the lots indicated at the above addresses for RESTRICTED
COMMERCIAL USE as described below. Such lots are located at the
above addresses in residence zone #5, as legally described in the 

petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in the office of the
planning commission. These lots are included in an area which will
be redistricted to include professional offices under the new land use
plan.

It is further recommended that your order include the
following provisions:

1.	That such lots be subject only to restricted
commercial use classified as professional
offices for the administration to persons
(but not for the housing thereof) of 

professional, medical or dental practices.

2.	The display of any signs upon the above 

mentioned premises shall be limited to one sign
for each professional office not exceeding
one-half square foot in area and containing
only the name of the occupant. No flashing
or blinking lights shall be placed upon any
such sign which shall be located at the 

entrance of each professional office.

3.	That the conduct of such professional use be
subject to any other laws or regulations of
the State of Nevada or the City of Las Vegas.

4.	That the external appearance of the existing
or any future buildings be residential in
character and that plans for any intended
remodeling thereof first be submitted to

and approved by the planning commission prior
to the issuance of any building permits for
such remodeling.

This petition involving property legally described
therein and classified in residence zone #5 was presented to
and reviewed by members of the joint planning commission on
October 1, 1946. After consideration of all factual data
before members of the commission, it was determined that the
exception here recommended under the conditions set forth was
consistent with the intent and purposes of the City zoning
ordinance and amendments thereto now being prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

Las Vegas -- Clark County
Joint Planning Commission

/s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

CGP:GM

CC-City Manager
John Cost

October 3
19	4 6

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case #21, Mrs. Louise Conklin

Lots 24, 25 and 26, Block 28, Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite
316-318 South Fourth Street

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable
board adopt an order approving the recommendation of the joint
planning commission that the above petitioner be granted per-
mission to use the lots indicated at the above addresses for
RESTRICTED COMMERCIAL USE as described below. Such lots are
located at the above addresses in residence zone #5 as legally
described in the petition for exception, a copy of which is on
file in the office of the planning commission. These lots are
included in an area which will be redistricted to include 

professional offices under the new land use plan.

It is further recommended that your order include
the following provisions:

1.	That such lots be subject only to RESTRICTED
COMMERCIAL USE classified as professional
offices for the administration to persons
(but not for the housing thereof) of 

professional, medical or dental practices.

2.	The display of any signs upon the above 

mentioned premises shall be limited to one sign
for each professional office not exceeding
one-half square foot in area and containing
only the name of the occupant. No flashing
or blinking lights shall be placed upon any
such sign which shall be located at the 

entrance of each professional office.

3.	That the conduct of such professional use be
subject to any other laws or regulations of
the State of Nevada or the City of Las Vegas.

4.	That the external appearance of the existing
or any future buildings be residential in
character and that plans for any intended
remodeling thereof first be submitted to

and approved by the planning commission prior
to the issuance of any building permits for
such remodeling.

This petition involving property legally 

described therein and classified in residence zone #5 was 

present to and reviewed by members of the joint planning 

commission on October 1, 1946. After consideration of all factual
data before members of the commission, it was determined
that the exception here recommended under the conditions
set forth was consistent with the intent and purposes of
the City zoning ordinance and amendments thereto now being
prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

Las Vegas -- Clark County
Joint Planning Commission

/s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

CGP:GM

CC-City Manager

Mrs. Louise Conklin

October 4
19	4 6

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case #22, Robt. B. Griffith

All Lots, Block 21, Pioneer Heights Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable Board
adopt an order approving the recommendation of the Joint Planning
commission that the above petitioner be granted permission to use
the property indicated above for MULTIPLE DWELLING USE as described
below. Such property is located on the west side of Maryland 

Parkway, two blocks north of Charleston Boulevard in Residence Zone #1
as legally described in the petition for exception, a copy of which
is on file in the office of the Planning Commission. This property
is included in an area which is being redistricted as a Limited
Multiple Dwelling District under the Land Use Plan.

It is further recommended that your order include the
following provisions:

1.	USE

That the property described be used only for residential
dwellings subject to the limitations hereinafter 

specifically set forth.

2.	COVERAGE

The Maximum coverage permitted under this use shall
 O. J. SCHERER—
Industrial Tract

 BOXING BOUTS—
 American Legion

not exceed four dwelling units (one-family each) per lot
as platted.

3.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT

The maximum building height shall be two stories.

4.	YARDS REQUIRED

A.	No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20)
feet to the front property line of any lot fronting
11th street nor shall any building be erected
closer than fifteen (15) feet to the front 

property line of lots fronting on Maryland Parkway
(reduced front yard depth will be established for

Maryland Parkway to permit reasonable land 

coverage in accordance with the requirements for this
district and to compensate for extra width to be
conveyed for widening and improving Maryland 

Parkway.)

B.	There shall be a side yard on each side of a
building of not less than ten per-cent of the
width of the lot.

C.	There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20)
feet in depth.

5.	DWELLING GROUPS

In the event dwelling groups are to be erected, plot plan
shall first be submitted to the Planning Commission for
compliance with regulations for such use permitted in such
property.

6.	PROVISIONS FOR STORAGE OF AUTOMOBILE

There shall be provided at the time of the construction of
any dwelling units hereafter erected, minimum permanently
maintained off-street parking accommodations, with adequate
provisions for ingress and digress as follows:	There shall

be provided private automobile storage space, located on
the same lot or parcel of land, with a capacity for not
less than one car for each dwelling unit.

7.	CONVEYANCE OF RIGHT-OF-WAY

It is understood that additional right-of way needed for
the widening and improvement of Maryland Parkway will be
conveyed to the City of Las Vegas, as verbally agreed
to by the petitioner, at the time of or prior to the
issuance of building permits for any structures to be
located on said property.

This petition involving property legally described therein
and classified in Residence Zone #1 was presented to and reviewed by
members of the Joint Planning Commission on October 1, 1946. After
consideration of all factual data before members of the Commission,
it was determined that the exception here recommended under the
conditions set forth was consistent with the intent and purposes
of the City Zoning Ordinance and amendments thereto now being
prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

/s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission relative to the 0. J. Scherer
Industrial Tract be approved with the exception of that
portion relating to the installation of sidewalks,
curbs, or gutters, and it is the order of this Board
that sidewalks, curbs and gutters be installed in the
residential portion fo said tract before the subdivision
will be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the
American Legion Las Vegas Post #8 for use of the
auditorium in the War Memorial Building during the
winter months for boxing activities be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
STREETS & HIGHWAYS

Petition - Coolidge
Street

SEWER SYSTEM -

Planning Money

RESOLUTION -- Right
of Way - Washington
Avenue

GAMING APPLICATIONS

the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti

Bates, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the
recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission relative
to the reopening of Coolidge Street and the City Clerk
is directed to so notify Mr. Fred Callihan that the street
is to remain closed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to sign the public vouchers for advance
planning money on the sewage system.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and his Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

On motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by
Commissioner Baskin and carried unanimously, the
following resolution is adopted and order made:

Resolution

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of October, 1946 by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada
that the deed dated the 20th day of September, 1946 executed by A. W. and
Alta M. Ham, Cl. F. Wengert, and C. L. Ronnow, to the City of Las Vegas,

County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deed and the same be recorded in the office of County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

The following applications for Gaming were presented
to the Board at this time for their consideration:

PLAYLAND CAFE	127	South 1st	Mon Woo	2	slots

ADAMS GROCERY	111	North 9th	Claude Adams	1	slot

BONANZA LIQ. STORE	418	West Bonanza	L. M. Wilson	3	slots

BOBBIE'S CAFE	506	North Main	Archie M. Bell	2	slots

IDLE HOUR	17	Ogden	W. O.	Van Meter

J. F. Valentine 7 slots

SERVE-YOURSELF

LAUNDRY	15	Ogden	Robert Peccole	l slot

CORNET’S STORE	205	Fremont	S.R. Dole	3	slots

WHITE CROSS DRUG	201	Fremont	Hazel Lee

Williams	4	slots

L. V. PHARMACY	32	Fremont	Hazel	Lee

Williams	4 slots

ROWLEY’S RICHFIELD

SERVICE STATION	501	South 5th	Frank Gordon	1	slot

EL DORADO CLUB	128	Fremont	Moe Sedway	1	pan

MONTE CARLO	CLUB	15	Fremont	James	L. Young	28	slots

- 1 pan
1 poker

1	roulette

2	”21” Games
1 Craps
1 faro
1 RH Keno
1 RH Book

WILSHIRE STATION 1600 South 5th	Vegas Sweet Shop 2 slots

HINIE’S DAIRY	626 South 5th	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	1	slots

TED WERNER	400 North Main	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	1	slot

PIONEER NEWS

SERVICE	114½ North 1st	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	1	slot

HIRSCH SER. STA.	801 E. Fremont	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	1	slot

REX BAR	124 South 1st	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	2	slots

THRIFTY MARKET	Main & Charleston	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	3	slots

LIDO BAR	107 North 1st	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	1	slot

DICK’S BAR	118 North 1st	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	1	slot

BUTTERLY'S CAFE	1200 South Main	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	3	slots

FIFTH ST. CAFE	1505 South 5th	Vegas	Sweet	Shop	3	slots

TOMMY’S	407 Fremont	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

LA FONDA CAFE	1517 South 5th	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

WHITE BUNNY ICE CR. 515 South 5th	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

B & C. SER STA.	722 W. Bonanza	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

DESERT INN	1507 South 5th	Jack Weisberger	3	slots

SELF SERVICE

LAUNDRY	15 Ogden	Robert Peccole	2	slots

SHEPS BARBECUE	400 Jackson	J. D. Shepherd	1	slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL

(Bar)	600	Fremont	Raymond	Salmon	5 slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL

(Cafe)	600	Fremont	Raymond	Salmon	2 slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL

(Lobby)	600	Fremont	Raymond	Salmon	10 slots
EL CORTEZ HOTEL	600 Fremont	Raymond Salmon	8 slots

(Casino)	2 "21" Games

1	roulette

1	craps

FRONTIER CLUB	117 Fremont	M. T. Shorie	36 slots

2	chaps

3	”21” Games
2 roulette

1	pan

2	poker

1 RH Keno
1 Hopper Keno
1 RH Book
1 Big 6 Wheel

BARNEY’S GROCERY	630	South 5th	H. G. Tucker	1	slot

EL DORADO CLUB	128	Fremont	Moe Sedway	1	poker

ROUND UP BAR	601	Jackson	Geo. E. Suncan	1	”21” Game

1 poker

1	craps

WHITE SPOT CAFE	109 Fremont	J. S. Pappas	8	slots

ESQUIRE BAR	120 South 2nd	K. A. Freeman	1	slot

HANNIBAL’S CAFE	1609 South Main	K. A. Freeman	3	slots

MOM’S LUNCH	1400 Fremont	V. H. Lancaster	3	slots

HERNANDEZ GROCERY	410 Morgan	Frank Lancaster	3	slots

B & H GROCERY	402 W. Bonanza	Frank Lancaster	3	slots

GARRETT’S SER STA	1000 E Street	Frank Lancaster	1	slot

RANCHO GRANDE CRMY	406 South 2nd	Bert O'Donnell	1	slot

COREY'S FINE FOOD	402 Fremont	Gus D. Corey	4	slots

GILBERT BROS. GRO	314 W. Bonanza	Jimmie Fulcher	4	slots

JACK BARRETT SER

STATION	927 Fremont	Virginia Barrett	1	slot

VIRGINIA'S	917 Fremont	Virginia Barrett	2	slots

SHELL SER STA	Main & Fifth	K. A. Freeman	1	slot

WAR SURPLUS	515 Fremont	K. A. Freeman	1	slot

TOWN BARBECUE	506 Fremont	E. D. Ciliax	3	slots

RICHFIELD SER STA	629 South Main	Robert Ronnow	2	slots

KEY HOLE LIQUOR STORE 728½ South Main	L. S. Bunzel	1	slot

LINCOLN GROCERY	1502 South Fifth	L. S. Bunzel	1	slot

FIFTH STREET CAFE	1503 South Fifth	L. S. Bunzel	1	slot

OPPEDYK DAIRY	1000 North Main	L. Van Der Mer	1	slot

OVERLAND BAR	2 Fremont	L. S. Bunzel	1	slot

SUNNY SUNDRIE SHOP	1403 F Street	L. S. Bunzel	1	slot

DEW DROP INN	D. & Jackson	L. S. Bunzel	1	slot

THRIFTY MARKET	Main & Charleston	L. S. Bunzel	1	slot

TOM'S LIQUOR STORE	1027 South Main	L. S. Bunzel	1	slot

EL CORTEZ HOTEL	600 Fremont	L. S. Bunzel	1	slot

GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd	& Fremont	M. T. Shorie	50	slots

5 craps
7 ”21” games

3	roulette
3 poker

2	pan

1 tango 136 ch.
1 RH keno
1 RH book
1 Faro Bank
1 Hazard

SILVER STATE NEWSTAND	117 South 2nd	L.	P.	Lawrence	1	slot

SMITH'S DRIVE IN	300 Stewart	A.	K.	Smith	2	slots

LOG CABIN BAR	102 North 1st	Sam Taylor	4	slots

BOULDER LIQUOR STORE	423 Fremont	L.	R.	Schway	4	slots

ESQUIRE BAR	120 South 2nd	L.	R.	Schway	4	slots

FOOD CENTER	770 Fremont	Albert Goot	5	slots

5TH STREET CAFE	1503 South 5th	Albert Davis	1	slot

CORK ' N BOTTLE	506 Fremont	Ed Van Tassell	e	slots

VICTORY SANDWICH

SHOP	116 South 1st	Sylvia Saunders	1	slot

RECREATION TAVERN	123 South 2nd	R. E. Mohr	4	slots

LIDO BAR	107 North 1st	Anna Mae Weller	4	slots

SAM'S CAFE	320 Fremont	J.	A.	Katsaros	6	slots

SHAMROCK CAFE	1501 South 5th	F.	C.	Kernan	2	slots

BETTY'S CAFE	1039 South Main	C.	C.	Norman	3	slots

STATE CAFE	20 Fremont	M.	C.	Kress	4	slots

BOULDER CLUB, INC.     118 Fremont	P. J. Goumond	36 slots

1 Faro Bank
5 ”21” Games
1 Pan

1	poker

2	roulette
2 Craps

1 RH Keno
1 Tango-100 ch.
1 RH book
1 Big 6 Wheel

BOULDER CLUB, INC.

(Bar)	120 Fremont	P. J.	Goumond	2	slots

HOUSE OF MURPHY	1409 South 5th	Albert Davis	1	slot

DIXIE WAFFLE SHOP	24 Fremont	David	Sirotts	4	slots

LA FONDA CAFE	1516 South 5th	L. S.	Bunzel	1	slot

APACHE HOTEL	2nd & Fremont	R. R.	Russell	3	slots

Commissioner Baskin moved that the above applications be
granted.
LIQUOR APPLICATIONS

ORDINANCE #321
Adopted

 DEPUTY BUILDING
INSPECTOR

CINNABAR - Change
of Location

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of
Leonard M. & Clara Rae Madsen for a Retail Liquor
license at 609 E. Fremont and the application of
  the Swiss Village Restaurant 118 No. 5th Street for
a Cabaret license be denied in accordance with a
prior Resolution made by the Board of City Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Baskin , Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
a ye; noes none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Nick
Thomsen for a Sealed Package Liquor Mina, license at
  the Save-Rite Drug Store, 18 Fremont Street, be denied,
in accordance with the prior Resolution made by the
Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Mrs.
Walter Buttlerly for a Retail Restaurant Beverage
  License at 1200 South Main Street, formerly Doc's
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Ralph
E. Mohr for a Retail Tavern Liquor License at the
Recreation Tavern, formerly owned by Herb Ward, be
  approved provided a satisfactory report is received
from the Police Department regarding Mr. Mohr and
a letter from the former owner Mr. Ward, stating
he is no longer interested in the license, is filed
with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye: noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE DECLARING THE
DETERMINATION OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS TO MAKE CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS BY IMPROVING THE ASPHALT SURFACE CERTAIN
GRAVEL STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN SAID CITY:
PROVIDING THAT THE COSTS AND EXPENSE THEREOF SHALL BE
PAID ENTIRELY BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENT UPON ALL LOTS INCLUDED
WITHIN THE SPECIAL IMPROVEMENT DISTRICT HEREBY ESTABLISHED
ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, EXCEPT WHERE, BY THE CHARTER OF THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS CERTAIN PORTIONS THEREOF ARE REQUIRED TO
BE PAID FROM THE GENERAL FUND OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS;

AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO." was read to the
Board for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing
Ordinance be approved on its second reading and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye,
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to employ a deputy building inspector for
a salary of $250.00 per month, effective this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of James
Fare, Secretary of the Fremont Tavern Inc. dba Cinnabar
for permission to transfer the business of the Cinnabar
from 105 South 1st Street to 122 North 2nd Street as
soon as their lease at the present site expires, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.
NOTICE TO GAMING
& LIQUOR 

APPLICANTS
R:	Priaes

HEARING - Ordinance
No. 321

CONDEMNATION
R/W - Proposed

Underpass

APPRAISERS-For
 Highway Purposes -
Bonanza Road

 EASEMENT - Southern
  NEVADA POWER CO.

Commissioner Bates moved that notice be served on all
holders of gaming licenses that the City will not tolerate
the giving of prizes, other than money, to patrons of their
gambling establishments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting recess until
October 10 ant 10:00 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 10, 1946

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 10th day of October, 1946. Meeting
called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of
10 a.m. with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen
Scott Reed. Absent; Commissioners Baskin and Clark, and City
Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall:

This being the time set for hearing of protest re: Improvements
in Biltmore Annex No. 1 and Biltmore Annex No. 2. And it
appearing that no protestants have appeared Commissioner:Bates
moved: that said improvements be made in accordance with

Ordinance No. 321.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

At the hour of 10:10 a.m. the meeting recessed.

At the hour of 10:45 a.m. the meeting reconvened with all present
as of the opening session, this date.

At this time Commissioner Clark appeared.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized
to start proceedings of condemnation to acquire a 40 foot strip
of land along the right of way to be acquired for the underpass
at Charleston and Main.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized
to appoint appraisers for acquiring portions of Lots 10, 11, and
12 of Block 1, Biltmore Addition in connection with the opening
of Bonanza Blvd. between Main and 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City grant an easement to the
Southern Nevada Power Co. for a right of way across the following
described City owned lots; and that the City Attorney be instructed
to prepare said easement so as to include the suggestion submitted
by the City Engineer, and when the easement is approved by the
City Manager, City Engineer, and City Attorney, the Mayor and City
Clerk are hereby authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.
GAMING APPLICATIONS

Commissioner Clark moved that the following Gaming
Applications be approved:

NEVADA ELECTRIC CO,	302 South 2nd	Helen Williams 3 slots

CARL’S HOBBY SHOP	628 South 5th	L.	P.	Lawrence	1	slot

WILSHIRE SER.STATION	911 Fremont	E.	V.	Buchanan	1	slot

NEVADA SERVICE STA.	3rd & Fremont	E.	V.	Buchanan	1	slot

APACHE BACK BAR	2nd & Fremont	E.	V.	Buchanan	1	slot

HOUSE OF MURPHY	1409	South 5th	E.	V.	Buchanan	3	slots

JOHNSON’S SER. STA.	1400	South 5th	E.	V.	Buchanan	1	slot

ROUND UP BAR & CASINO	501	Jackson	Al	Davis	1	slot

SMITH'S DRIVE IN	300	Stewart	Al	Davis	1	slot

CHRISTIE’S FINE FOODS	131	Carson	A.	Kroloff	1	slot

THE ROUND UP BAR	501	Jackson	A.	Kroloff	1	slot

MOBIL SERVICE	Main & Stewart	L.	C.	McKnight	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

There being no further business to come before this
meeting Commissioner Bates moved this meeting adjourn
until October 22, 1946 at the hour of 2 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22 day of October, 1946. Meeting called to order
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Gragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with
the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Corradetti, City Manager T. E. Fennessy, City Attorney
C. Norman Cornwall and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
Commissioners Bates and Clark.

  Commissioner Baskin moved that payroll claims 920 to 934
  inclusive and 940 in the net sum of $17,935.85 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates

and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that Service and Material Warrant
935 to 939 inclusive and 923, 941 and 942 in the sum of
$21,540.63 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates

and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Medley
Fay for 3 slot machines at the Stage Coach Liquor Store
213 North Third Street and the application of A. M. Klein
for 1 slot machine at Al’s Place, Fifth and Fremont be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates

and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following renewals of
Gaming Applications be granted:

LAS VEGAS CLUB	23 Fremont St.	J.	Kell Housells	1	slot

THELMA & DORIS CAFE	18 Garces St.	A.	W. Davis	1	slot

SMITH’S DRIVE IN	300 Stewart	A.	K. Smith	1	slot

KEY HOLE LIQUOR STORES  828½ So. Main	St.	Vic Whittlesea	2	slots
 SWISS VILLAGE CABARET
APPLICATION

BIDS - Garbage
Truck Bodies

SWIMMING POOL

 BIDS AWARDED
Stanley Runyan
Swimming Pool

  SUBDIVISION
Mapping Procedure

FIRE DEPT.

Purchase of Hose

COTTON CLUB

(Bar & Casino)	500	Jackson St.	James Colbert	1	poker

GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd	& Fremont	M. B. Abrams	1	slot

FARMERS DAUGHTER CAFE	1416 W. Bonanza	L. M. Wilson	1	slot

COFFEE CUP CAFE	127	S. 2nd St.	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

ROUND UP

(Bar & Gaming)	501	Jackson	A. Kroloff	2	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Wilma
Wolfinger for a retail cabaret liquor license at the Swiss
Village, 118 No. 5th Street be tabled until the regular
meeting of November 7.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and

Clark.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the sale
of two Garbage Truck Bodies, owned by the City. Only one bid
was received from C. N. Hallan, Boulder City, Nevada. The
bid on the large truck body being in the sum of $10.00 and the
bid on the next size truck body the sum of $800.00. Thereafter,
Commissioner Baskin moved the bid be referred to the Comptroller
for computation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that certain motion heretofore made
on September 21, 1946, rejecting the bid of Stanley Runyan for
the erection of two swimming pools in the City of Las Vegas at
a cost of $139,688.00 be with-drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the bid of Stanley Runyan 

submitted to this Board, September 21, 1946 for the erection of two
swimming pools be accepted at a cost not to exceed $139,688.00
and the City Manager be authorized to negotiate a contract with
Mr. Runyan, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign said
contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Recommendation of Planning
Commission dated October 4, 1946 relative to Subdivisions-Mapping
Procedure be disapproved as submitted and that Planning 

Commission be advised that the Board of Commissioners recommends that
the procedure be redrafted to provide

A.	That membership of the Subdivision Committee be
restricted to duly appointed members of the Planning
Board.

B.	That section 2 be revised to provide for the 

transmittal of four (4) copies of each tentative 

subdivision map to the City Manager, together with at
least 2 copies of the topographical studies and two
copies of the Planning Commission recommendations.

C.	That section 3 be revised to eliminate any requirement
that Administrative offices or personnel be required
to report to the Planning Commission.

D.	That all recommendations of the Planning Commission
submitted to the City Manager be detailed on each of
the following:

a.	Land use

b.	Streets and alleys

c.	Sidewalks

d.	Drainage

e.	Utilities and Fire Protection

f.	Grading and Landscaping

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the purchasing procedure be
waived re: Purchase of Fire Hose, and approve the action of the
City Manager on placing an order for 2000 ft of 2½" hose @

$1.56 per foot. and 1000 ft of l½" hose @ 1.08 per foot.

Because of the fact that the ceiling price on hose was increased
ASSESSMENTS
 9th St. Paving
Project

ASSESSMENT ORDINANCE

  Third Place

 RIGHT OF WAY
  Bonanza Rd.

 SALE OF CITY OWNED
LAND

from $1.50 per foot to $1.78 per foot effective as of
October 1, 1946 and the Eureka Fire Hose Co. had 

notified Mr. Fennessy that if the City would place an order
before October 4, that the hose would be sold to the City
at the lower price. Further, that the hose be paid for out
of the 1947 budget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the property owners who
were assessed on the 9th Street Paving Project at an
estimated price quoted to them at the time of the 

assessment; would be relieved of the additional or second 

assessment and a refund will be made to any person making payment
on the second assessment, further, that the City will
assume the additional cost for said project oyer and above
the original estimate.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners
Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Attorney be directed
to prepare an assessment ordinance for improvements made in
Third Place and also for the property on Ninth Street which
has not been paid for as per the original assessment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the recommendations of the
Committee appointed to appraise three pieces of lots in
the Biltmore tract owned by Mr. Van Vorst, Mr. Peneteri,

Mr. Phleeger, which are as follows:	Mr. Van Vorst, 963

square feet @ $1.75 per square ft. Total, $1,685.25.

Mr. Peneteri, 1000 Square ft @ $1.50 per square foot, total
$1500.00. Mr. Phleeger, 400 square ft. @ $1.50 per square
foot, total $600.00 be accepted and the City Manager 

authorized to negotiate for purchase of the land, at the price
of not to exceed the total of $3,785.25.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be authorized
to contact the County Commissioners and agree on a date to
hold public sale for the sale of the old Fire Station site
and to advertise said sale according to law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Bakin moved that Change Order No. 1 on the 
Police Station, which is as follows:

ORDER FOR EXTRA WORK
or Changes to Original Contract

TO C. B. Bagnall, General Contractor	Office of Richard Stadelman A.I.A.

Architect, Las Vegas, Nev.

ADDRESS Torrance, California

JOB City Jail & Police Bldg., Las Vegas	Date October 21, 1946.

You are hereby authorized to do the work listed below for the sum herein
stated, payment for this work to be made — First of month following.

The work includes excavation of footings below point called for on the
drawings as ordered by Architect. Soil conditions found to be bad.

Area was at one time a rubbish dump. It was impossible to tell before
work began how bad were several of the areas.

Laborers	939½	Hrs.	@	$1.20	$1127.40

Carpenters	163	"	@	1.75	283.50

Foreman	147	"	@	2.00	294.00

/s/ C. B. Bagnall___________ Dollars $1704.90

Signature of Contractor

City of Las Vegas, Nevada	RICHARD STADELMAN, A.I.A. Architect

/s/ E. W. Cragin, Mayor	____________________________________ 

By /s/ R. Stadelman
(not valid until signed by owner)
FIRE DEPARTMENT
  Aerial Ladder
Truck

MAIN STREET
RIGHTS

BAPTIST CHURCH
BUILDING -
Condemned

 SIDEWALK -
 Carson & 4th St.

 SALARIES

 

GOLF COURSE

 O. J. SCHERER
Industrial
Tract

be approved. Further; that the City Manager be authorized
to sign any emergency Change Orders, and report at next
meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be authorized
to send out invitiations to bid on an Aerial Ladder Truck
for the Fire Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His 

Honor voting; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City approve the action
of the City Manager relative to the Main Street widening, ie,
that the City ask the Union Pacific Railroad for a 19 ft.
strip of land at the West side of Main Street between the
North curb line of Carson and the Center line of Ogden
instead of a twenty foot strip as heretofore requested
due to the location of the Bus Terminal which is within the
twenty foot strip. And, further, that the City Manager be 

instructed to notify the utility companys that all poles on
North Main Street must be removed within thirty days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried for the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Board approve the
action of Mr. O. J. Marling, Building Inspector in condemning
the old Baptist Church now located at 7th and Ogden and in
ordering the building moved from this fire zone.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Board approve the
recommendation of the City Manager relative to section of
sidewalks at Carson and 4th Streets as per recommendations
on file in the City Managers office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City approve a salary of
$300.00 per month for C. C. Sargent, and $325.00 per month for
Charles F. Morrison for 1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates

and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be authorized
to purchase material from the Garden Center for the 

beautification of the golf Course, in the sum of $759.75 and 

payment to be made out of the 1947 Budget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Bates and Clark

Commissioner Baskin moved that that certain motion 

heretofore made by the Board of City Commissioners with 

reference to requiring sidewalks, curbs and gutters in the
residential area in the O. J. Scherer tract be amended to read
that the City will accept a 32 foot paved street built to
specifications required by the City Engineer; and curbs and
gutters in the residential district. And, as for the truck road
the City hereby amends their previous motion requiring a 56
foot roadway to be reduced to a 30 foot strip. 15 feet on
each side of the center line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes none. Absent; Commissioners Bates and Clark
LAS VEGAS LAND
AND WATER CO.

Re: Water Meter

GARBAGE DISPOSAL
 Truck Bodies
Bid accepted.

WARRANT #535-1
 H. C. Garrison

BAPTIST CHURCH
 CONDEMNATION-- 
Motion Rescinded

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held the 7th day of November 1946. Meeting called to order
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 3:16 p.m.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; City
Attorney C. Norman Cornwall; and Deputy City Clerk Shirley
Ballinger. Absent: Commissioner Baskin and Helen Scott Reed,

City Clerk.



Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of October 7, 10,
and 22, 1946 be approved by reference and the Mayor aid City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the motion of October 22, 1946
approving the condemnation of the old Baptist Church now 

located at 7th and Ogden, be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Baskin.



Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Carpenter be allowed to go ahead
with hiw building. Work is to begin not later than the week of
November 1l, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His 

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Recommendation of the City
Manager be approved that $1800.00 be transferred from the
Recreational Capital Fund to Miscellaneous Expense and 

transfer the resulting balance from the Recreation Capital
fund to the Recreation Trust fund.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates

and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be 

authorized to call to the attention of the Las Vegas Land and
Water Co., that by using a meter on the City property,
they are violating a State law and the meter must be
removed at once.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the bid of Charles N. Hallan
for one refuse disposal body Master Serial #811 record
capacity 700 pounds in the sum of $800.00 be accepted.
Further, that the bid of Mr. Hallan f6r one refuse
disposal body # 747, 1000 pounds capacity in the sum of
$10.00 be rejected and the City Manager hereby authorized
to notify Mr. Hallan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioners Bates and
Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Comptroller be
directed to issue a new warrant in the sum of $15.00
payable to Howell C. Garrison in place of Warrant #535-1,
dated 6-30, 1941.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners

Bates and Clark.

There being no further business to come before the Board
at this time, Commissioner Baskin moved that this meeting
adjourn until November 7 at the hour of 2 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners

Bates and Clark.
 PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL

  WARRANTS

R/W Biltmore Add’n
Motion Removed

Condemnation of

  LANDS

 CITY ATTORNEY -
Conference

 APPOINTMENT OF CITY
HEALTH OFFICER

 ORDINANCE No. 323

Ordinance no. 324
 emergency ordinance

No. 322

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims, warrants Nos.

943-951 inclusive and 957 in the net sum of $20,125.52 be
approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.

952-956 inclusive in teh amount of $17,912.37 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bask in.

Commissioner Clark move,d that the motion of October 22, 1946 accepting
the recommendation of the Appraisal Board on three pieces of lots in the
Biltmore Tract, owned by Mr. Van Vorst, Mr. Peneteri, and Mr. Phleeger, to

be purchased in connection with the opening of Bonanza Blvd. between
Main and 5th Street, be removed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that as a matter of policy, condemnation
of lands required for street opening and widening except where
voluntary dedication is offered or where the dedication is covered
by a new subdivision plat.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be allowed $300.00
to cover expenses of a trip to Washington D. C. in December to
attend the Municipal Legal Officer’s Conference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the appointment of Dr. N. O. Reynolds
as City Health Officer effective October 30, 1946, be approved
subject to the approval of the State Health Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin,

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND
DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
TO DEFRAY THE COSTS OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING A CERTAIN STREET IN THE
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES
OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS
STATING THE AMOUNT OF LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, PROVIDING
FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS, AND OTHER MATTERS
RELATING THERETO," was read to the Board by title and referred to
Commissioners Clark and Bates for recommendation at the next regular
meeting.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND
DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO
DEFRAY THE COSTS OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS
OF STREETS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS
AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY
CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION
OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNTS OF SAID ASSESSMENTS AND
DESIGNATING TOE LOTS AND PARCELS OF LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING
TO FRONTAGE PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS, 
OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO,"was read to the Board by title and
referred to Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti for recommendation
at the next regular meeting.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 10 OF ORDINANCE
No. 264 OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS ENTITLED AN ORDINANCE OF THE
COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ESTABLISHING A RESIDENCE DISTRICT,
INDUSTRIAL AND COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS, WITHIN THE SAID CITY OF LAS VEGAS
DEFINING SUCH DISTRICT: DECLARING IT UNLAWFUL TO ERECT, ESTABLISH,
MAINTAIN OR OPERATE CERTAIN FACTORIES, WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS
WITHIN SAID RESIDENCE DISTRICTS AND SAID COMMERCIAL DISTRICTS: 

REGULATING THE ERECTION, ESTABLISHMENT, MAINTENANCE, OPERATION AND 

REBUILDING OF CERTAIN WORKS OR ESTABLISHMENTS IN SAID DISTRICTS:

PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF SAID ORDINANCE AND
REPEALING ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH," was read to the Board.
 GAMING APPLICATIONS

Liquor applications

Liquor license -

Transfer

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved the approval and adoption
of Emergency Ordinance No. 322.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following gaming applications
be approved:

Betty’s Cafe	1039 So. Main	Albert Davis	1	slot

Boulder Liquor Store	423	Fremont	K. A. Freeman	1	slot

Club Savoy	718	Fremont	K. A. Freeman	1	Slot

Doone’s Delicatessen	211	No. 3rd	Vegas Sweet Shop	2	slots

El Cortez	600	Fremont	Raymond Salmon	1	slot

Esquire Bar	120 So. 2nd	Albert Davis	1	slot

Foreign Club	111 No. 1st 	Albert Davis	1	slot

Lido Bar	107 No. 1st	Albert Davis	1	slot

Lincoln Grocery	1502 So. 5th	S. Newman	1	slot

Millers Garage	1238 So. Main	T. E. Kirby	1	slot

Mayfair Drug	1422 Fremont	T. H. Brandt	3	slots

Mom's Lunch	1400 Fremont	Herb Stoloff	1	slot

Monte Carlo	17 Fremont	K. A. Freeman	1	slot

Neoma’s Sandwich Shop	708	Ogden	Jack Furnace	1	slot

Nevada Biltmore Hotel	600	No. Main	Horace Heidt	1	slot

Pioneer Club	26 Fremont	Charles Addison	1	”21”

Public Meat Co.	713	Ogden	L. P. Lawrence	2	slots

Silver Club	108	No. 1st	Joe Morgan	1	poker

Tivoli Tavern	126 No. 1st	Gayer Co.	1 slot

Lee’s Lunch	218	No. Main	A. W. Glenn	1	slot

Hang Out	807	So. Main	Vegas Sweet Shop	3	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following liquor applications
be approved:

Hang Out	Chester L. Pate	807 So. Main	Ret. Res. Bev.

Robert R. Bates  	811 No. Main    Ret. Res. Bev.

Roach Distributing Co.	Jack Roach	828 So. Main	Whse. Liquor

& Importers

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of J. K. Houssels and
Raymond Salmon to transfer their liquor license from the Overland
Liquor Store, 6 Fremont, to 610 Fremont be granted, with the
exception that miniatures may not be sold at the new location.

Also, it is requested that the liquor department be partitioned
off from the drug store at this new location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, and His Honor

voting aye; noes,none:	Commissioner Corradetti passed his

vote. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved approval of the first payment of
$36,374.31 on the Police Station Contract subject to the
Contractor furnishing other documents necessary to complete
the contract papers and to authorize the Mayor and City Clerk
to issue and sign a warrant in the above amount when the City
Manager has indicated that the requirements of the bid and
contract have been met.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye: noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Bates moved that it adjourn until
November 22, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Police station

 Contract
1st Payment
SWIMMING POOLS
Excavation

POLICE DEPARTMENT —
Purchase of Radio
Equipment

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 13, 1946

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Commissioner's Council Chambers in the War Memorial Building on Wednesday
November 13, 1946 at the hour of 11:30 a.m. to act upon the following:

1.	To approve the Contract for the excavation of the swimming pools.

2.	Any other important matters.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor of the City Las Vegas

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor, C. R. CLARK, A. CORRADETTI, R. T. BASKIN, WALTER BATES, Commissioners

and T. E. FENNESSY, City Manager, of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor
Cragin, a Special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
will be held on Wednesday, November 13, 1946, at the hour of 11:30 a.m. to consider the
following:

1.	To approve the Contract for the excavation of the swimming pools.

2.	Any other important matters.

HELEN SCOTT REED, City Clerk

By /s/ Shirley Ballinger
Deputy

We, the undersigned, Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby admit
due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

/s/ E. W. Cragin________ /s/ A. Corradetti

/s/ Rt. Bob Baskin	/s/ T. E. Fennessy

/s/ Walter B. Bates	_________________________

This special meeting was called to order at the hour
of 11:30 a.m. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti:	City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and Deputy

City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark, and City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Bates moved the acceptance of the bid of
Kauffman and Jensen for the excavation of the two swimming
pools in the amount of $7,834.75.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the request of the Police 

Department to purchase new radio equipment as per the following letter
be approved:

Mr. T. E. Fennessy
City Manager
Las Vegas, Nevada

Subject:	 Purchase of New 160 Megacycles Radio Equipment for the City

Police Department

Dear Mr. Fennessy:

Due to the changes in radio equipment since the war, the Federal Communications
Commission has issued an order requiring City Police Departments to shift their radio
equipment from their present frequencies to 160 Megacycles. This order is to become 

effective January 1, 1948. As it is necessary for this department to buy certain new 

equipment for its present operation, I would like to recommend that we make the change now rather
than wait fourteen months for reasons set forth below;

The total cost of this equipment will be $6500.00

1. By purchasing the equipment now, the Clark County Sheriff's Office will
buy our present equipment at $200.00 per unit affecting a saving of 

approximately $1800.00. The new equipment necessary to operate on our
present frequencies and already on order values at approximately $1000.00 and
is covered by the 1946, Budget. It will also be necessary to purchase a new
Main Station Transmitter which has been ordered for January 1, 1947 payment
and delivery at a cost of $700.00. This would make a total of approximately
$3000.00 cash credits and funds to be expended. If the purchase is made a year
hence, we cannot realize this saving as there will be no market for the equipment.
PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this
22nd day of November 1946. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2:30 P M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and Chief Deputy City Clerk
Shirley Ballinger.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of November 13
be approved by reference and the minutes of November 7
be approved with the following amendment.

In reference to the motion made granting the transfer
of package liquor license from the Overland Liquor Store
at 6 Fremont to 610 Fremont, the last sentence of that
motion should read as follows:	"Also, if the Board deems

it necessary, the liquor department must be partitioned
off from the drug store at this location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 959-968
inclusive and 973 in the net amount of $18,539.42 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
 following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants
Nos. 969 to 972 inclusive and 974 in the sum of $ 27,465.26
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



2.	By converting to 160 megacycles, our operation will be facilitated by three-
way operation; namely, from station to car, car to station, and car to car.

The car to car operation will greatly increase the efficiency of our units
on the street. Also, the Fire Department will be able to dispatch both the
fire equipment and the police equipment on a fire call simultaneously thus
saving a minimum of ten minutes in dispatching all equipment to fires. The
car to car feature of this equipment also will give the Fire Chief or
Captain in charge of fire equipment on duty the ability to direct pumping 
equipment from the fire regardless of the amount of hose run out saving
time and personnel.

3.	The 160 megacycles equipment is absolutely unaffected by atmospheric and
power line noises which cause considerable confusion with the present
frequencies.

In summation, I would like to recommend this equipment be purchased now as we
can get thirty days delivery and affect a saving of approximately $3000.00 over the cost one
year hence.

Very truly yours
/s/ Ralph O. Dow

ROD/Jam	Ralph O. Dow.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.
APPOINTMENT - Board
of Examiners & Appeals

COMMUNICATIONS
CONFERENCE

ORDINANCES 314 & 315
CANCELLED

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Commissioner Clark moved that Walter Zick be appointed as member of
the Board of Examiners and Appeals to fill the vacancy created by
the death of Robert Finlayson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board allow Ralph Dow $50.00 travelling
expense for his trip to the Communications Conference and that Mr. Dow
be allowed to use a City police car.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Ordinance 314 and 315 referred on
March 7, 1946 to the following committee, respectively: Commissioners
Clark and Baskin — Commissioners Bates and Corradetti, and which
were not reported upon at the next regular meeting as required by
law, be declared void and so marked and plated in the inactive 

ordinance file.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following gaming applications
be granted.

  

De Luxe Barber Shop	26 Fremont	O. W. Glenn	&	Howard	Crawford	1	slot

Desert Sports	127	No. 2nd	O. W. Glenn	&	Howard	Crawford	1	slot

Farmer Daughter's	Cafe	416 W. Bonanza A. Kroloff	1 slot

Las Vegas Hardware	127	N. 3rd	Jim Brown	3	slots

Save-Rite Drug Store	215	Fremont	Paul Gang	6	slots

Shangri-La Cafe	216 Stewart Clem Center	2 slots

Snappy Snacks Cafe	311	N. Main	A. Kroloff	1	slot

Union Oil Co.	5th & Charleston Jack Furnace	1 slot

Wilshire Service Station	631	So. 5th	Jack Furnace	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of J. Kell Houssels for
one Tango game with 130 chairs at the Las Vegas Club, 23 Fremont be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Paul R. Gang for
a Retail Restaurant Beverage license at 412 South 2nd and Ike Pullum
for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license at 504 Jackson Street
be granted when they have taken out a restaurant and are serving food
on the premises.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that Paul R. Gang be notified to discontinue
the sale of miniatures on his transfer of liquor licence from 412
South 2nd Street to 215 Fremont St.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING, AND 

DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF
CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE
COSTS OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY
GRADING FOR AND SURFACING A CERTAIN STREET IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON
FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE
AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT AND DESIGNATING THE LOTS AND PARCELS OF
LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO BENEFITS, PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE
OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO,”
having been reported on favorably by a committee composed of 

Commissioners Bates and Clark was read to the Board for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing ordinance be
approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled, ”AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND 

DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF
CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO DEFRAY THE COSTS
OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING
FOR AND SURFACING CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS OF STREETS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE FIATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST
THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE
AMOUNTS Or SAID ASSESSMENTS AND PARCELS OF LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS

PAUL R. GANG - Package
Liquor License Transfer

ORDINANCE #323
1st Reading

ORDINANCE #324 -
1st Reading
TO FRONTAGE, PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
BONDS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO,” having been 

reported on favorable by a committee composed of Commissioners
Baskin and Corradetti was read to the Board for the first
time.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing 

ordinance be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board
at this time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting
adjourn until December 7 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 6, 1946

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING



TO: HELEN SCOTT REED, City Clerk
  LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Commissioner's Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Friday,
December 6, 1946 at the hour of 2 P. M. to act upon the following:

1. To consider Gaming Ordinance.

s/ E. W. Cragin_____________________

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor, C. R. CLARK, A. CORRADETTI, R. T. BASKIN, WALTER BATES,

Commissioners, and T. E. FENNESSY, City Manager, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by
Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada will be held on Friday, December 6, 1946 at the hour of 2 P. M. to 

consider the following:

1. To consider Gaming Ordinance.

s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

We, the undersigned, Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do hereby
admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

s/ E. W. Cragin	s/ Pat Clark

s/ A. Corradetti_______________ s/   Bob Baskin

s/ Walter B. Bates

This special meeting was called to order at the hour of 2 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members 

present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City

Manager T. E. Fennessy and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.
ORDINANCE No. 325

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND OPERATION
OP SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OP LAS VEGAS WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A
LICENSE THEREFOR, REGULATING THE SAME, SETTING THE AMOUNT OF THE
LICENSE FEES, PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATION THEREOF, REPEALING
ORDINANCES Nos. 77, 82, 88, 103, 115, 165, 245, 271, 287 and 319 AND
ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, AND OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO," was read by title and referred to C
Commissioners Bates and Corradetti for recommendation and report at
the next regular meeting.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
the meeting adjourned.

MINUTES

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

CAA - AIRPORT AGREEMENT

Las Vegas, Nevada

 	December 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th
day of December, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor E.

W. Cragin at the hour of 10:30 a.m. with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy;
and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	City Attorney C. Norman

Cornwall and City Commissioner R. T. Baskin.

At this time, Bob Boese, former City employee appeared before the Board
regarding certain statements published in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal concerning him. After listening to his statements, Mayor Cragin
stated that an investigation would be made and he would be notified.

At this time Mrs. Florence B. Nelms appeared before the Board in 

relation to her request for a zone exception at the northwest corner of
North 6th and East Stewart Streets. The recommendation of the Planning
Commission dated December 6, 1946 recommending that this property used
for limited or restricted property used for limited or restricted
commercial use was read to the Board at this time, and Mrs. Nelms
stated that she was not satisfied with this recommendation. 

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that it is the recommendation of this
Board that the Planning Commission give further study to the 

request for rezoning, in the case of Florence B. Nelms, in as much as
a large portion of the Block where Mrs. Nelm's property is located
Is now commercial, and the Board specifically calls the Planning
Commission’s attention to commercial property in this same block
on North 6th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin. 

Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of November 22, 1946 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 975 to 983 

inclusive in the net sum of $21,937.70 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

ayes; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.

984 to 989 inclusive in the sum of $11,209.96 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
negotiate with the administrator of the CAA for abrogation of the
existing AP-4 agreement relative to the Las Vegas Municipal Airport.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.
BIDS - Aerial Ladder Truck
GAMING APPLICATIONS

POLICE BUILDING &

CITY JAIL

POLICE STATION
2nd Payment

BOND - Case No. 33398
Dept. No. 1

At this time bids from the following firms on an aerial ladder
truck were opened:

Seagrave Corporation	$20,625.00

American LaFrance	22,752.35

Herb Waldman	NO BID

Commissioner Corradetti moved the foregoing bids be referred to
the City Manager for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

The following applications for gaming licenses were presented to
the Board at this time:

Nevada	Bar	115	North	1st	1	slot

Kilroy’s Cafe	121	South	5th	2	slots

Nevada	Bar	115	North	1st	3	slots

Adam’s	Grocery	111	North	9th	2	slots

Shep's Barbecue    501 Jackson 	1 slot

Parmer Daughters   416 W. Bonanza	2 slots

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing applications be
approved and licenses granted for the fourth quarter of 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.	

Commissioner Bates moved that the following change order Nos.

2 and 3 together with Credit Order No. 1, be approved.

CHANGE ORDER #2

Extra Cu. footage on Conc.	 1775

Credit on cu. ftge. on Cone, footings    79

1696 Cu. Ft. or 62.8 Cu. Yds.

62.8 cu. yds. cone. @ $43.00	$2700.40

(Includes steel & erection plus conc. in place)

3516 sq. ft. extra form work @ 80¢	2812.80

145 yds. back fill @ $2.50	562.50

$5875.70

CHANGER ORDER #3

Furnish and install one (1) Standard Madera F2223VS vitrous
china syphon jet elongated closet with top spud fitted with Sloan
valve 110FYV and vacuum breaker. Seat shall be Church Sani-
black No. 2500 as per attached drawing.

$112.20

* * *

CREDIT ORDER #1

To revise and alter portion of administrative wing as per attached
blue print.

$ 60.00



Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the second payment on the Police
Station in the sum of $33,505.83 to C. G. Bagnall, general 

contractor, be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign said warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to
obtain a bond in the sum of $10,000.00 for any damages or costs which
the defendants in Case No. 33398 in the Eighth Judicial District
Court of the State of Nevada may sustain by reason of the 

occupation and use of a portion of Lot S in the South Addition to the
R/W DEED

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

POLICE DEPARTMENT—
Motorcycles Purchased

BONANZA ROAD WIDENING

& EXTENSION -----

Condemnation of Property

City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and the Mayor and
City Clerk are authorized to sign said bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

On motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner
Bates and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

Resolution

BE IT RESOLVED this 7th day of December, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
4th day of December, 1946 executed by Earl A. Honrath and Sonja E. Honrath, his wife,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purpose and intentions as therein
set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said
deed and same be recorded in the office of County Recorder, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

On Motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner
Bates and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

R E SOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED this 7th day of December, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the
4th day of December, 1946 executed by Richard H. Clough and Edith Clough, his wife,
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and that the real property
described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as 

therein set forth, and  

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said
deed and the same be recorded in the office of County Recorder, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager be instructed
to purchase two motorcycles and trade in two old ones at a net
cost of $650.00 and that requirements for securing competitive
bids be waived.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

 voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

On Motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Bates and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of December, 1946 by the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
laying out and construction of Bonanza Road by the most direct route between
North Main Street and Fifth Street in the City of Las Vegas, is a public use;
that the necessity to condemn lands therefor exists; and that is is necessary
to acquire by condemnation the following described property for said purpose:

PARCEL 1. All that certain lot, piece or parcel of land lying and being
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada and being a portion
of Lot 10 of Block 1 of the Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the northeast corner of Lot 10 of Block 1 of said Biltmore
Addition, said point of beginning being further described as being 27.72
feet right of and radially at right angles to Highway Engineer’s Station
"o" 87.61 P.O.C.; thence S.27°53'06"W along the easterly boundary of said
Lot 10 a distance of 12.61 feet to a point on the new proposed southerly
highway right of way line; thence from a tangent which bears N.64°54’29”

W. curving to the left along said right of way line with a radius of
875.30 feet through an angle of 3°51’36” a distance of 58.97 feet to a
point on the northerly boundary of said Lot 10; thence from a tangent
which bears S.77°53'll" E. curving to the left along said boundary line
with a radius of 327.99 feet through an angle of 4°12'43" a distance
MAIN STREET & BONANZA
WIDENING

VEGAS TRANSIT BUS CO.
Change of Route

of 24.11 feet to a point; thence continuing along said boundary line from a
tangent which bears S.82°06'54" E. on a curve to the right with a radius of

247.94	feet through an angle of 8°36'23" a distance of 37.24 feet to the
point of beginning, containing 400 square feet, more or less.

PARCEL 2. All that certain lot, piece or parcel of land lying and being in
in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of Lot 1
of Block 2 of the Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, 

described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the most southerly corner of Lot 1 of Block 2 in the Biltmore
Addition to the City of Las Vegas, said point of beginning being further 

described as being 22.05 feet left of and radially at right angles to Highway
Engineer's Station "0"6 96.47 P.O.C.; thence N.37°06'54" W. along the
southerly boundary of said Lot 1 a distance of 21.70 feet; thence from a
tangent which is the last described course, curving to the left along said
boundary line with a radius of 327.94 feet, through an angle of 5°45'28",
a distance of 32.96 feet to a point on the new proposed northerly forty-two
foot highway right of way line; thence from a tangent which bears S.58045'17"

E. curving to the left along said right of way line with a radius of 958.00
feet through an angle of 3°56'30" a distance of 65.91 feet to a point on the
southerly boundary of said Lot 1; thence S.66°02,06" W. along said boundary
line a distance of 25.41 feet to the point of beginning; containing an area
of 650 square feet, more or less.

PARCEL 3. All that certain lot, piece or parcel of land lying and being in
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of Lot 11
of Block 1 of the Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.
described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the northwest corner of Lot 11 of Block 1 of the Biltmore 

Addition to the City of Las Vegas, said point of beginning being 27.72 feet
right of and radially at right angles to Highway Engineer's Station "0"4 
87.61 P.O.C.; thence from a tangent which bears S.73°30,31" E. an a curve
to the right along the northerly boundary of said Lot 11 with a radius of

247.95	feet through an angle of 15o08'35” a distance of 65.53 feet to a
point on the easterly boundary of said Lot 11; thence S.35°33'08" W. along
said boundary line a distance of 16.31 feet to a point on the new proposed
southerly highway right of way line; thence from a tangent which bears N.
60°46'54" W. curving to the left along said right of way line with a radius
of 875.30 feet through an angle of 4°07'35" a distance of 63.04 feet to a
point on the westerly boundary of said Lot 11, thence N.27°53'06” E. along
said boundary line a distance of 12.61 feet to the point of beginning, 

containing 1000 square feet, more or less.

PARCEL 4. All that certain lot, piece or parcel of land lying and being in
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of Lot 12
of Block 1 of the Biltmore Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, 

described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the northwest corner of Lot 12 of Block 1 of the Biltmore 

Addition, Las Vegas, Nevada, said point of beginning being further described as
being 24.82 feet right of and radially at right angles to Highway Engineer's
Station "0"5-|-54.66 P.O.C.; thence from a tangent which bears S.58°21'56" E.
Curving to the right along the northerly boundary of said Lot 12 with a 

radius of 247.94 feet through an angle of 21°49'45" a distance of 94.46 feet to
a point on the easterly boundary of the Biltmore Addition; thence S.69°17'06"

W. along said boundary line a distance of 1.12 feet to a point on the new
proposed southerly highway right of way line; thence from a tangent which
bears N.46°22'52" W. curving to the left along said right of way line with
a radius of 129.70 feet through an angle of l1°l0'38" a distance of 25.30
feet to a point; thence N,57o33'30" W. along said right of way line a 

distance of 18.30 feet to a point; thence from a tangent whose bearing is the
last described course curing to the left along said right of way line with
a radius of 875.30 feet through an angle of 3°13'24" a distance of 49.24
feet to a point on the West boundary of said Lot 12; thence N. 35°33'08" E.
along said boundary line a distance of 16.31 feet to the point of beginning,
containing 963 square feet, more or less.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the necessary proceedings be commenced to acquire
the said lands by condemnation and the City Attorney is hereby directed to do so.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to negotiate
 further for the widening of Main and Bonanza Streets with Horace Heidt
for removal of certain obstructions at the Nevada Biltmore.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

 noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the Vegas Transit Bus Co.
for a change of bus route be approved and the map submitted therewith
covering the new route be filed in the office of the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.
CLASSIFICATION —
Chief Legal Clerk

RESOLUTION —
Recreational
Activities

SIGNAL OIL BULK PLANT

ORDINANCE No. 324
Adopted

ORDINANCE No. 323

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the City 

Attorney that the legal clerk under Classification No. 4 be set up under
classification No. 5 as Chief Legal Clerk, at a salary of $300.00
per month, effective as of the first of the year, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent! Commissioner Baskin.

On motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried unanimously the following resolution was adopted and
order made:

RESOLUTION

The Board of Commissioners has a sympathetic understanding of the need for
recreation activities in the City of Las Vegas and in the City Park, and is desirous
of cooperating with all agencies or groups providing recreation to the citizens of
Las Vegas.

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas will cooperate with
the American Legion Junior Baseball League in the continuation of their program.

That the City will cooperate with the Elks Club in the continuation of the Annual
Helldorado Program. That the City will cooperate with the group of citizens that
are planning to make professional baseball available to the citizens of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas will make the City
Park available for all the approved agencies, and will assist as far as possible
in the development of the said City Park.

Commissioner Bates moved that the owners and operators of the
Signal Oil Bulk Plant at 803 E. Fremont Street, Las Vegas, Nevada
be directed to take immediate steps for the complete removal of
the bulk storage plant including the 7,000 gallon underground
storage tank, located at that address within ninety days, for
the reason that these installations by their very nature and
the present manner of operation constitute a fire hazard and
health and public nuisance, as outlined in a report dated 

November 29, 1946 from Fire Marshall George Rambo to Harold Case,

Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Department; and the report dated
December 4, 1946 from the Fire Chief, Harold Case to City 

Manager T. E. Fennessy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Baskin.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING AUTHORIZING AND
DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
TO DEFRAY THE COSTS OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING CERTAIN STREETS AND
PORTIONS OF STREETS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE
PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING
DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNTS
OF SAID ASSESSMENTS AND DESIGNATING THE LOTS AND PARCELS OF LAND
TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING TO FRONTAGE; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE
OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO,”
was read for a second time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved the adoption of the foregoing
ordinance.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
 vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

An Ordinance entitled, ”AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND
DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
TO DEFRAY THE COSTS OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING CERTAIN STREETS AND
PORTIONS OF STREETS IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE
PLATS, DIAGRAMS AND ESTIMATES OF COST THEREOF ON FILE IN THE
OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, DESCRIBING
DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNTS
OF SAID ASSESSMENTS, STATING THE AMOUNTS OF SAID ASSESSMENTS AND
DESIGNATING THE LOTS AND PARCELS OF LAND TO BE ASSESSED ACCORDING
TO BENEFITS, PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
BONDS, AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO,” was read to the Board
by title and referred to Commissioners Bates and Clark for 

recommendation and report at the next regular meeting.
ORDINANCE No. 325 
First Reading

GEORGE H. WOOD - -
Contract Renewed

LIGHT POLES 

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT GAMING AND 

OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS WITHOUT FIRST 

OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR: REGULATING THE SAME, SETTING THE AMOUNT 

OF LICENSE FEES, PROVIDING THE PENALTY FOR VIOLATION THEREOF, REPEALING
ORDINANCES Nos, 77-82-88-103-115-165-245-271-287 and 319 AND ALL
ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH, AND  OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO,” was first proposed and read by
title to the Board of City Commissioners on the 6th day of December
1946 at a Special Meeting and referred to Commissioners Bates and
Corradetti for recommendation. Thereafter the said committee re-
ported favorably on the said ordinance on the 7th day of December,

1946	which was the next regular meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners. The proposed Ordinance was read in full to the
Board of City Commissioners as first introduced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved the adoption of said ordinance
 on its first reading.

Commissioner Clark moved that Mr. George H. Wood be retained by the
City of Las Vegas as auditor and consultant for the calendar year

1947	at the following rate:

Supervising Senior,	in Charge	$35.00	per	day

Senior Accountants	30.00	”	”

Semi-Senior Accountants	25.00	”	”

Junior Accountants	20.00	”	”

Office Assistants - in preparation and

report	work	15.00	"	”

The City to pay travelling and hotel expenses as 

heretofore. These expenses have been comparatively nominal, 

especially in view of the fact that we have generally had four or
more men employed on the audit at the same time and that 

overtime rates are not charged.

I estimate that the total cost will be approximately
$2,500.00 and will not exceed $3,000.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to 

purchase $3,000.00 worth of pipe for the construction of light poles,
payment to be made out of the 1947 Budget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until Monday
December 9, 1946 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

AERIAL TRUCK -
Bid Accepted

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 9, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 9th day of December, 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Bakin, Corradetti;

City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	City Attorney, C. Norman

Cornwall; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Seagrave Corporation
in the sum of $20,625.00 less 2% be accepted, and the Mayor and
City Clerk are authorized to sign said contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.


ZONE EXCEPTION CASE #19

V. G. Huff — Lot 1
Block 13 H.P.M. & N
Addition

Upon motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner 

Corradetti and carried by unanimous vote the following recommendation of
the Planning Board relative to Zone Exception Case No. 19 was approved:

November 5
19	46

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case No. 19

J. E. Huff, Lot 1, Block 13
H. F. M. & N Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable Board adopt an
order approving the recommendation of the joint planning commission that
the above petitioner be granted permission to use the property indicated above
for limited commercial use. Such property is located on the North East Corner
of Madison and F Streets in residential zone No. 5, as legally described in
the petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in the office of the
planning commission.

It is further recommended that your order include the following con-
ditions:

1.	That the limited commercial use be permitted to include only the
sale of ice cream, soft drinks and sandwichs for the convenience
of the immediate neighborhood and church members as requested,
but not to include complete restaurant and food establishment
services.

2.	That there be no alteration of the residential character of the
premises in connection therewith.

3.	That no signs or advertising devices relative thereto be displayed.

4.	That the approved use be permitted only in accordance with any other
state laws or local ordinances, regulations and requirements.

This petition involving property legally described thereon and
classified in residential zone No. 5 was presented to and reviewed by 

members of the joint planning commission on October 29, 1946. After 

consideration of all factual data before the commission, it was determined that the
exception here recommended under the conditions set forth was consistent
with the intent and purpose of the city zoning ordinance.

Respectfully Yours,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/ C. G. Petrie

CGP: GM	Planning Engineer

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting recess until Friday
December 13, 1946 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none:	Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 13, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 13th day of December, 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioner Baskin, Clark and 

Corradetti; City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Bates,

City Manager T. E. Fennessy, and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.
HUNTRIDGE SUB-DIVISION
Petition for Sidewalk 
Installation



SERVICE & MATERIAL
CLAIM #991-01

MINUTES

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

SALE OF OLD FIRE
STATION SITE

PARK IMPROVEMENT—
Grand Stand Removal

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 21, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 21st
day of December, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 10 a.m. with the following members 

present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager

T. E. Fennessy; City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	City Attorney

C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of December 7 and 9 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
 sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims No.s 992-1000 inclusive
in the net sum of $18,772.56 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
 vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

  voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1001-
1005 inclusive in the sum of $12,320.00 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of P. O. Silvagni in the sum
of $18,000.00 for the purchase of the following described lands be
accepted:

Lot 23, Block 15 of Clark’s Las Vegas Town site, as per
map thereof on file In the office of County Recorder of
Clark County, Nevada

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
 vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

  voting aye noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to take
the necessary steps to remove the grand stand in the City Park for
the purpose of making improvement® in the Park area.

 Commissioner Clark moved that that certain petition signed by 

property owners in Huntridge Sub-Divison requesting installation of
sidewalks be referred to the Planning Commission for 

recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Service & Material Claims No.
991-01 in the sum of $650.00 for the purchase of two motorcycles
from West Brothers be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until 

December 21 at the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.
RESOLUTION —Accepting
Right of Way Deed

PROPOSED ORDINANCE No.326
Dangerous Weapons

BIDS -- Tires

ROSCOE HILBURN
Electric Contracyor8

GAMING APPLICATION

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
No. 325

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner Baskin
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of December, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 12th day
of November, 1946 executed by Mary E. Dutton, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the
real property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the purpose therein set
forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of County Recorder, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the Records of the clerk of this Board.

The following entitled ordinance was read to the Board by title and
referred to Commissioners Corradetti and Bates for recommendation at
the next regular meeting of the Board: "AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE
SALE OR GIVING AWAY OF DANGEROUS WEAPONS WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING A
LICENSE THEREFOR. THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS FOR THE PURCHASE OR RECEIPT,
OR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH, PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF,

AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.”

At this time bids were opened for the purchase of twelve tires.

Said bids being No. 46.25. The following bids were received:

SPECIFICATIONS

1 "Furnish all necessary labor and material to change over two K S6 International Trucks
from 700 x 20 tires to 825 x 20 tires. Tires to be 10 ply, first grade and tubes to be
first grade, heavy duty. Wheels to be genuine International Harvester Co. or equal. Trucks
in question may be inspected at the City of Las Vegas Street Department Barns between the
hours of 3:30 P.M. and 4:00 P. M. Monday through Friday. Bidders will furnish specifications
of their products and quote prices F.O.B. Las Vegas, Less Federal Excise Tax, tax exemption
certificate to be furnished by the City of Las Vegas.

2 "Please quote trade in allowance on surplus 700 x 20 wheels (no tires) 4 front, 8 rear."

I	II

Clark County Whse	512 South Main	$863.64	$42.00

U. S. Tire Supply Co. 1531 South Main	955.32 (Total bid price)

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the Board accept the bid of
the Clark County Wholesale Company in the sum of $821.64.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
 vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

  aye; noes, none.

  A Complaint having been filed with the Board regarding the electrical
  contractor’s license held by Roscoe Hilburn, Commissioner Bates moved
that the City Manager notify Mr. Hilburn to appear before this Board
on December 30, 1947 at the hour of 2 P.M. to show cause why his
license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

The following applications were presented to the Board for their
consideration:

OVERLAND LIQUOR STORE	610 Fremont  	Raymond Salmon	8 Slots

DESERT CASTLE CAFE	220 Ho. Main	R. E. Barton	3 Slots

  Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications for the
  fourth quarter of 1946 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Because of the strike situation at the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal it was impossible to publish this ordinance, so on motion of
Commissioner Bates all prior motions relating to this Ordinance are
hereby rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter the following entitled ordinance, AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT
GAMING AND OPERATION OF SLOT MACHINES IN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS WITHOUT
ORDINANCE No. 323

CIVIC COMMITTEE —
Westside

AGREEMENT — Removal
of Grandstand

RETAIL TAVERN
Ike Pullum

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 30, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 30th day of December, 1946. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark at the hour of 2 P.M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti; Mayor Pro

Tem Clark; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott
Reed. Absent:	Mayor Cragin and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

This being the time set by the Board of City Commissioners for the
hearing of Mr. Roscoe Hilburn, Electrical Contractor, for violation
of the Electrical Code on complaint of Frank Partie, City Electrician.
Mr. Hilburn was present with Mr. Max Knauss and Frank Partie, City
Electrician. Mayor Pro Tem Clark read the complaint to Mr. Hilburn,
who stated that if he was given another chance he would promise to
comply with the provisions of the code to the best of his ability.

Thereafter Mayor Pro Tem Clark stated that a decision would be made
and given to him at the next regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners January 7, 1947 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City accept payment of $200.00 from
Mr. C. L. Martin for removal of the grandstand in the City Park as per
the agreement which is approved as of this date and Mayor and City
Clerk is authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, and Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting

aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote. Absent:

Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Ike Pullum for a
Retail Tavern Liquor license at Pullum’s Playhouse on Westside be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem
Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin

FIRST OBTAINING A LICENSE THEREFOR; REGULATING THE SAME, FIXING THE
THE AMOUNT OF LICENSE FEES, PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION
THEREOF; REPEALING ORDINANCES Nos. 77, 82, 88, 103, 115, 165, 245,

287 and 319 AND ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT
 THEREWITH; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO," was read to
the Board by title and referred to Commissioners Bates and Corradetti
for recommendation at the next regular meeting.

An ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE EMPOWERING, AUTHORIZING AND
DIRECTING THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA TO LEVY A SPECIAL ASSESSMENT TO
DEFRAY THE COST OF MAKING CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS IN THE CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, BY GRADING FOR AND SURFACING A CERTAIN STREET IN THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, ACCORDING TO THE PLATS, DIAGRAMS, AND ESTIMATES OF COST
THEREOF ON FILE IN THE OFFICE OF CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS;
DESCRIBING DEFINITELY THE LOCATION OF SAID IMPROVEMENTS, STATING THE
AMOUNT OF SAID ASSESSMENT AND DESIGNATING THE LOTS AND PARCELS OF
LANDS TO BE ASSESSED, ACCORDING TO BENEFITS; PROVIDING FOR THE ISSUANCE
OF SPECIAL ASSESSMENT BONDS; AND OTHER MATTERS RELATING THERETO,"
was reported on favorably by a committee composed of Commissioners
Bates and Clark, and was read to the Board for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing ordinance be
approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

At this time Reverend Stevens from Westside acting as spokesman for a
group of citizens from that area requesting the Board of Commissioners
to remove Andrew Joe Harris as a policeman. After hearing statements
by Mr. McCann, Jr. & Mrs Shaw and Mr. C. Levi Irvin, Commissioner Bates
moved that the City Manager be directed to make a complete investigation
and if the charges against Andrew J. Harris are found to be true, his
services are to be terminated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until December
30, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.
RETAIL RESTAURANT
BEVERAGE LICENSE
Ike Pullum

GAMING & LIQUOR
APPLICATIONS

Harry Farnow

NEVADA BILTMORE HOTEL
CORPORATION

Gaming & Liquor
Applications

RETAIL TAVERN LIQUOR
LICENSE	

Mercedes D. Christie

ROACH DISTRIBUTING CO.  
Importer’s Liquor License

ROACH DISTRIBUTING CO.

Whse Beverage & Importers

APPLICATIONS - Taverns

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Ike Pullum for a
Retail Restaurant Beverage license at Pullum's Playhouse, 504 Jackson
he granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro
Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Harry Farnow for a
Retail Tavern Liquor License at the Eagles Building, 121 Fremont and
the application for one ”21" game at 121 Fremont, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Jules LeBarron for
a Retail Tavern Liquor License, Cocktail lounge and Retail Cabaret Liquor

License at 600 No. Main Street, together with 16 slot machines, 2
"21" games, 1 Craps, 1 Roulette, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Mrs. Mercedes D.
Christie for a Retail Tavern Liquor License at 203 No. 1st street be
granted. This license was formerly held by Mr. George Duncan who had
an establishment on Westside, Round Up Tavern, 501 Jackson and further
that no new license will be granted to Mr. Duncan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Jack Roach, manager
of the Roach Distributing Company, for a Wholesale Liquor License,
be denied on the grounds that he does not have a State License.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Jack Roach, manager
of the Roach Distributing Company for a Wholesale Beverage license and
Importers Beverage liquor license at the address 828 So. Main St.(rear)
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

The following applications for Retail Tavern Liquor Licenses were
presented to the Board for their consideration:

ACE BAR	111 So. 1st	Robert Kroloff

APACHE BAR	2nd & Fremont	P. O. Silvagni	Cocktail	 Lg

APACHE BAR	2nd	& Fremont	P. O. Silvagni	&	Bar

BOULDER CLUB	118	Fremont	A. H. Stevenson

CLUB SAVOY	116	Fremont	M. B. Hicks

COTTON CLUB	500	Jackson	Uvalde Caperton

EL CORTEZ HOTEL	600	Fremont	J. K. Houssels

EMPIRE BAR	120	So.	2nd	L. R. Schway

EL MORROCCO	F & Jackson	Frank Wilson

FREMONT TAVERN	105	So.	1st	James Fare

FOREIGN CLUB	111	So.	1st	Walter Argyle

GOLDEN CAMEL	110	No.	1st	Joe Morgan

GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd & Fremont	M. T. Shorie

LIDO BAR	107 No. lst	Anna Mae Weller

LANREP BAR	13 Fremont	W. F. Miller

LOG CABIN BAR	122 No. 1st	Sam Taylor

LAS VEGAS TAVERN	19 Fremont	J.	K.	Houssels

MONTE CARLO CLUB	15 Fremont	J.	L.	Young

MANDALAY BAR	111 Fremont	W.	E.	Greene

NEVADA BAR	115 No. 1st	Dan Hall

PLAYLAND BAR	131 So. 1st	George G. Parry

PIONEER COCKTAIL	25 Fremont	Milton B. Page

REX BAR	124	So. 1st	Mrs. Andrew Petitti

RECREATION TAVERN	125	So. 2nd	Ralph E. Mohr &	Frank	Pond

SAM STEARN	117	No. 1st

SAL SAGEV	1 Fremont	Sid Martin

OVERLAND BAR	Main & Fremont	J.	K.	Houssels

EIGHT BALL BAR 	117 No. 1st	R.	J.	Fitzgerald

TIVOLI TAVERN	126 No. 1st	J.	B.	Gaut

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro

Tem Clark Voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin
RETAIL LIQUOR LICENSES

SEALED PACKAGE LIQUOR
Miniatures

RETAIL BEVERAGE

WHSE IMPORTERS LIQUOR
LICENSE

The following Retail Package liquor applications were presented to
the Board for their consideration:

MARKET SPOT	117 E. Carson	Harry C. Levy

GILBERT BROTHERS	314 W. Bonanza	C. V. T. Gilbert

MARK'S FOOD COMPANY	1500 Fremont	Albert Schulman

DESERT INN	1507 So. 5th½	George Pappas

PAUL R. GANG	213 Fremont

FOOD CENTER	770 Fremont	J. K. Houssels

OVERLAND LIQUOR STORE	610 Fremont	Albert Goot

5TH STREET LIQUOR STORE	727 So. 5th	Gordon W. Potter

SAVE-RITE-DRUG STORE	18 Fremont	Nick Thomson

PRIME MEATS PROVISION	820 So. 5th	Al Wendleboe

STAGECOACH LIQUOR STORE	213 North 3rd	Dudley Fay

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications be granted,
and licenses issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

The following applications for sealed package liquor miniatures
licenses were presented to the Board at this time for their 

consideration :

MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE	106	Fremont	M. H. Gordon

CUT RATE LIQUOR STORE	132	So. 5th	Josie Dondich

ROUND UP LIQUOR STORE	So.	5th & Main	Charles Franke

BONANZA LIQUOR STORE	418	W. Bonanza	J. K. Houssels

SAVE-ON-LIQUOR STORE	405	No. Main	J. K. Houssels

BOULDER LIQUOR STORE	423	Fremont	L. R. Schway

CORK 'N BOTTLE	506	Fremont	Ed Van Tassel

ETHEL'S LIQUOR STORE	409	Fremont	Ethel Rapoport

ETHEL'S LIQUOR STORE	28 Fremont	Ethel Rapoport

SOUTHWEST LIQUOR STORE	101 Carson	Max Gordon

FRED'S LIQUOR STORE	203 Bridger	Fred Kennedy

TOM'S LIQUOR STORE	1027 So. Main	Thomas E. Kirby

LAS VEGAS LIQUOR STORE	812 Fremont	C. M. Travis

KEYHOLE LIQUOR STORE	828½ So. Main	Vic Whittlesea

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications be granted
and licenses issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

The following retail beverage applications were presented to the
Board for their consideration:

FIRST STREET GROCERY	631 So. 1st	S. Grant Stewart

WESTSIDE SHOPPING CENTER   D & Jackson	Harvey Jones

MODERN FOOD SHOP	315	Fremont	R. D. Bingham (NEW)

B & H GROCERY	405 W. Bonanza	Sam Lafer

SEWELL'S GROCERY	3rd & Fremont	A. H. Imming

LINCOLN GROCERY	1502 So. 5th	S. Newman

THRIFTY MARKET	Main & Charleston	Gus Klein

DICK'S BAR	118 No. 1st	Richard B. Gard

BALL'S GROCERY	404 So. 2nd	Lewis E. Ball

BARNEY(S GROCERY	630	So. 5th	Barney D. Zigtema

PIONEER BEVERAGE BAR	25 Fremont	Milton B. Page

BOULDER CLUB, Inc.	118 Fremont	A. H. Stevenson, Jr.

STANDARD MARKET	602 So. 5th	Blaine Johnson

GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd & Fremont	M. T. Shorie

WESTSIDE TAVERN	206 Wilson	J. Chewning

LAS VEGAS CLUB	23 Fremont	J. K. Houssels

SAFEWAY STORES,INC.	122 So. 2nd	Kenneth Tinsley

B.P.O. ELK'S CLUB	3rd	& Carson	O.K. Adcock - Retail	Club Liq.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing so plications be granted
and licenses issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin

The following applications for Wholesale & Importer's Liquor licenses
were presented to the Board for their consideration:

MICHAEL MCNAMEE	422 So. Main	Whse Beverage

NEVADA NAT'L ICE CO.	320	So. Main	Clyde	Bunker	Whse	& Importers

BEVERAGE DISTRIBUTORS	101	E. Charleston	C.	E.	Ferriel	Whse	& Importers

LAS VEGAS DIST. COMPANY	508	So. Main	Jerry Masek	Whse	Liquor & Imp.

DE LUCA IMPORTING CO.	723	No. Main	John De Luca	Whse	Liq. &	Importers

O'DOWD DISTRIBUTING CO.	417 	W. Bonanza	Ben O'Dowd	Whse. Bev. & 	Imp.

SO. NEVADA BEER DIST.	921	So. Main	C.	L.	Martin	Whse.	Bev. & Imp.

COCA COLA BOTTLING WKS	424	North Main	E.	0.	Underhill	Whse	Bev. & Imp.

NEVADA BEVERAGE	1214 So. 3rd	C. R. Clark	Whse	Liq.&	Imp.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications be granted
and licenses issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor
Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.
RETAIL RESTAURANT
BEVERAGE

CABARET LICENSE
APPLICATIONS

GAMING APPLICATIONS

The following applications for cabaret licenses were presented to
the Board for their consideration:

GOLDEN NUGGET	M. T. Shorie	2nd & Fremont

NEVADA BILTMORE	614 No. Main	Jules LeBaron

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications be granted
and licenses issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

The following applications for retail restaurant beverage licenses
were presented to the Board for their considerations

SMITH’S DRIVE INN	300 Stewart St.	A. K. Smith

HANNIBAL’S CAFE	1509 So. Main	Dean Carson

SWISS VILLAGE CAFE	116 No. 5th	Wilma Wolfinger

MOM'S LUNCH	1400 Fremont	Rose Anzalone

J.D.'S DRIVE IN	418 Madison	J. D. Evans

THELMA & DORIS' CAFE	18 Garces	Eldon E. Lewis

BROWN DERBY	320 Monroe	P. L. Jefferson

ROUND UP DRIVE IN	So. 5th & Main	Charles Minor

HOUSE OF MURPHY	1409 So. 5th	W. N. Campbell

WHITE SPOT CAFE	109 Fremont	Nick Rochnichs

SAM'S CAFE	323 Fremont	John A. Katsaros

COREY'S FINE FOODS	402 Fremont	Gus Corey

SPIC 'N SPAN	124	No. 1st	Irene	Baker (New Owner)

TOWN BARBECUE	506	Fremont	E. D.	Ciliax

WIMPY'S	210	Fremont	Orpha	Sill Miller

SILL'S	5th	& Charleston	Orpha	Sill Miller

ORTON'S GRILL	121	So. 5th	V. T.	Orton

HAROLD'S DRIVE IN	723 No. Main	Ray D. Nelson

5TH STREET CAFE	1503 So. 5th	Elizabeth Roscoe (New Owner)

SNAPPY SNACK'S CAFES	311 North Main-	Robert R. Bates

BUTTERLY'S CAFE	1200 So. Main	Walter Butterly

PEARL'S CAFE	224 North 1st	Paralee Adams

CHARLESTON INN	17 W. Charleston	A. R. Stowell

VIRGINIA'S CAFE	917 Fremont	Virginia Barrett

STAN & MARY'S DRIVE IN	10th & Fremont	Stanley Morse

LEE'S LUNCH	217 North Main	Ester Lee

STATE CAFE	20 Fremont	M. C. Kress

HANG OUT CAFE	807 So. Main	Chester Pate

PAUL R. GANG	412 So. 2nd

BETTY'S CAFE	1039 So. Main	Leonard Grossman

LA FONDA FOODS	1516 So. 5th	T. A. Espinoza

Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications be approved
and licenses issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark Voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

The following gaming applications were presented to the Board for
their consideration:

A. Kroloff	EIGHT BALL BAR		117 No. 1st	6 slots

A. Kroloff	SPORTSMAN SUPPLY	CO.	4Q6	Fremont	3	slots

A. Kroloff	NEVADA BAR	115	No.	1st	3	slots

Vegas Entr. Co.

A. Kroloff	SAVE-RITE-DRUG CO.	15 Fremont	6	slots

Vegas Entr. Co.

A. Kroloff sec.	CONEY ISLAND	CAFE	412	So.	2nd	3	slots

Robert Kroloff	ACE BAR	111	So.	1st	16	slots

A. Kroloff	APACHE BAR	106	No. 2nd	2	slots

A. Kroloff	CITY DRUG	231	Fremont	6	slots

A. Kroloff	COREY'S FINE FOODS	402	Fremont	2	slots

A. Kroloff	TIVOLI TAVERN	126	No. 1st	1	slot

A. Kroloff	ESQUIRE LOUNGE	120	So. 2nd	1	slot

A. Kroloff	DAY 'N NITE GARAGE	315	North Main	2	slots

P. O. Silvagni	APACHE HOTEL(Lobby)	2nd & Fremont	3	Slots

P. O. Silvagni	APACHE BAR(front)	2nd	& Fremont	8	slots

P. O. Silvagni	APACHE BAR(rear)	2nd	& Fremont	4	slots

L. P.	Lawrence	CARL'S HOBBY SHOP	628	So. 5th	1	slot

L. P.	Lawrence	PUBLIC MEAT CO.	713	Ogden	2	slots

L. P.	Lawrence	QUALITY LOW PRICE MKT	131	North Main	3	slots

L. P.	Lawrence	SAVOY GRILL	620	So. 5th	4	slots

L. P.	Lawrence	SILVER ST.NEWS STAND	117	So. 2nd	4	slots

L. P.	Lawrence	JOHNSON ERLICH MEAT CO.	510	North Main	3	slots

L. P.	Lawrence	DON BORAX VARIETY	502	North Main	3	slots

L. P.	Lawrence	FREMONT TAVERN	103	So. 1st	5	slots

L. P.	Lawrence	JOE'S LUNCH CAFE	119	No. 1st	3	slots

L. P.	Lawrence	BEACON SHOP	112	No. 3rd	3	slots

L. P. Lawrence     STANDARD MARKET	 631 So. 5th	3 slots

L. P. Lawrence	PRIME MEATS & PROV.	820 So. 5th	5	slots

Joe Morgan	GOLDEN CAMEL BAR	110 No. 1st	4	slots

Joe Morgan	SILVER CLUB	108	No. 1st	2	slots

2 "21"

1- Crap
1-Roulette

Joe Morgan	SILVER CAFE	106	No. 1st	4	slots 

Max Gordon	S. W. LIQUOR STORE	101	Carson	3	slots
A. Kroloff	SAL SAGEV RESTAURANT	105 Fremont	1	slot

Vegas Sweet Shop	HINIE’S DAIRY	626	So. 5th	1 slot

Vegas Sweet Shop	DOONE'S DELICATESSEN	211	North 3rd	2 slots

Vegas Sweet Shop	5th STREET CAFE	1503 So. 5th	3	slots

Vegas Sweet Shop	DICK'S BAR	118	No. 1st	1 slot

Vegas Sweet shop	REX BAR	124	So. 1st	2 slots

Vegas Sweet Shop	THRIFTY MARKET	Main & Charleston	3	slots

Vegas Sweet Shop	THE HANGOUT	803	So. Main	3 slots

Vegas Sweet Shop	TED WERNER	400	No. Main	1 slot

Vegas Sweet Shop	WILSHIRE SER. STATION	1600 So. 5th	2	slots

A. F. Schlang	FRONTIER CLUB INC.	117 Fremont	36 slots

A.	1 Craps

1 ”21"

Mrs. R. L. Ronnow	RICHFIELD TRUCK TERMINAL	629 So. Main	2	slots

Jack Carter	LAS VEGAS MOTORS	1501 E. Fremont	2	slots

J. F. Pappas	WHITE SPOT CAFE	109	Fremont	8 slots

M. B. Abrams	SLOT MACHINE	103	Fremont	35 slots

M. B. Abrams	FREMONT ARCADE	101	Fremont	34 slots

1	Craps
1 "21"

Lee Hughes	PULLUM’S PLAYHOUSE	E & Jackson	2	slots

Lee Hughes	JONES’ CAFE	E & Jackson	1	slot

J. K. Houssels	LAS VEGAS CLUB	23 Fremont	36 slots

1	Crap

2	”21"

1	Wheel

1	Race Horse Bk.

1 Faro

1	Race Horse Keno

2	Poker

3	Pan

1	Tango (130 CH.)

J. K. Houssels	LAB VEGAS TAVERN	19 Fremont	7	slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL CORP.

J. K. Houssels	BONANZA LIQUOR STORE	418 W. Bonanza	3	slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL CORP.

J. K. Houssels	EL CORTEZ HOTEL(Casino)	600 Fremont	4	slots

2	"21"

1 Roulette
1 Crap

(Lobby)	13 slots

(Bar)	5 slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL CORP.

J. K. Houssels	SAVE-ON-LIQUOR STORE	504 No. Main	3 slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL CORP.

J. K. Houssels	OVERLAND LIQUOR	STORE	610 Fremont	6 slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL CORP.

J. K. Houssels	CHRISTIES CAFE	Main & Fremont	4 slots

EL CORTEZ HOTEL CORP.

J. K. Houssels	OVERLAND BAR	Main & Fremont	10 slots

S.	R. Dole	CORNET’S STORE	205 Fremont	3 slots

Leonard J. Grossman BETTY'S CAFE	1039 So. Main	3 slots

T.	R. Patton	TED & DOT’S CAFE	614 So. 5th	3	slots

Frank Lancaster	GARRETTS SERVICE STATION	1000 E Street	1	slot

Frank Lancaster	B & H GROCERY	402 W. Bonanza	3	slots

T. R. Patton	AL(S PLACE	5th & Fremont	1	slot

V. H. Lancaster	MOM'S CAFE	1400 Fremont	3	slots

Jack Weisberger	LA FONDA CAFE	1514 So. 5th	3 slots

Jack Weisberger	WHITE BUNNY ICE CREAM	517 So.5th	2	slots

Jack Weisberger	COFFEE CUP CAFE	125 So. 2nd	3	slots

Moe Sedway	FRONTIER CLUB	117 Fremont	1	Race Horse Book

Moe Sedway	EL DORADO CLUB	228 Fremont	24 slots

1	Faro

 2 Poker

2	Craps

3	"21"

2	Roulette
1 Big Six
1 RH Book
1 Tango (124 ch)

RoBert	Peccole	SELF SERVICE LAUNDRY	15 Ogden	3	slots

Robert	Peccole	IDLE HOUR POOL ROOM	19 Ogden	4	slots

Albert Davis	5TH STREET CAFE	1503 So. 5th	1	slot

Albert Davis	FOREIGN CLUB BAR	111 No. 1st	1	slot

Albert Davis	HOUSE OF MURPHY	1200 So. 5th	1	slot

Albert Davis	LIDO BAR	107 No. 1st	1	slot

Albert Davis	THELMA & DORIS' CAFE	18 Garces	1	slot

Albert Davis	ESQUIRE BAR	120 So. 2nd	1	slot

Albert Davis	BETTY'S CAFE	1039 So. Main	1	slot

Albert	Davis	NEVADA BILTMORE CASINO	600 No. Main	2	slots

George	G. Parry	STEAK HOUSE CAFE	122 So. 1st	4	slots

George	G. Parry	PLAYLAND ARCADE	129 So. 1st	16 slots

Earl E. Wilson	PONY EXPRESS STAGES	122	So. 1st	7	slots

Orpha Sill Miller	WIMPY’S CAFE	210	Fremont	3	slots

Orpha Sill Miller	SILL'S	5th	& Charleston	8 slots

Walter Argyle	FOREIGN CLUB	111	No. 1st	4	slots

M. B. Hicks	CLUB SAVOY	116	Fremont	15 slots

1 "21"

1 Crap
1 Roulette

Ed Van Tassel	CORK 'N BOTTLE	503 Fremont	3	slots

Ethel Rapoport	ETHEL'S LIQUOR STORE	27 Fremont	1	slot

Ethel Rapoport	ETHEL'S LIQUOR STORE	409 Fremont	1	slot
J. L. Young	MONTE CARLO,	INC	503 Fremont	26 slots

1 Pan
1 Poker

1	Roulette

2	"21"

1 Craps

1 RH Book

1	Faro

George	Corey	COREY’S FINE FOODS	402	Fremont	4	slots

Howard	Crawford	MALT SHOP	5th	& Garces	3	slots

Howard	Crawford	FARMER DAUGHTER’S CAFE	416	Bonanza(West)  2	slots

Howard	Crawford	ADAM'S GROCERY	111	North 9th	2	slots

L. R.	Schway	BOULDER LIQUOR STORE	423	Fremont	4	slots

L. R.	Schway	ESQUIRE	125	So. 2nd	4	slots

Albert Good	FOOD CENTER	770 Fremont	5 slots

Milton B. Page	PIONEER CLUB	25 Fremont	38 slots

2	Pan

1 Poker

1	RH Book
6 "21”

3	Roulette

2	Craps

PIONEER COCKTAIL LOUNGE	25 Fremont	7	slots

John F. Miller	LANREP BAR	13 Fremont	7	slots

John F. Miller	SAL SAGEV HOTEL(Lobby)	Fremont & Mail	2	slots

(Cafe)	3 slots

Harry	C. Levy	MARKET SPOT	117	Carson	2	slots

Harry	C. Levy	MARKET SPOT LIQUOR STORE	117	Carson	2	slots

Harry	C. Levy	CHRISTIE’S FINER FOODS	2nd	& Carson	7	slots

Robert R. Bates	SNAPPY SNACK’S CAFE 31	311 No. Main	3	slots

Louis E, Ball	BALL’S GROCERY	404 So. 2nd	2	slots

L.	L. Snyder	SNYDER'S GROCERY	300 W. Bonanza	3	slots

Mon Woo	PLAYLAND CAFE	127 So. 1st	2	slots

Eldon E. Lewis	THELMA & DORIS' CAFE	18 Garces	2	slots

Helen	Williams	NEVADA ELECTRIC CO.	302	So. 2nd	3	slots

P. L.	Jefferson	BROWN DERBY BAR	320	Monroe	4	slots

H. G.	Tucker	BARNEY(S GROCERY	630	So. 5th	1	slot

Aurelia Scheer	LAS VEGAS PHARMACY	32 Fremont	4	slots

Aurelia Scheer	WHITE CROSS DRUG	201 Fremont	4	slots

George J. Adras	NEVADA COFFEE SHOP	113 No. 1st	2	slots

George Pappas	DESERT INN	1507 So. 5th	4	slots

Anna Mae Weller	LIDO BAR	107 No. 1st	4	slots

Josie	Dondich	CUT RATE LIQUOR STORE	132	So. 5th	2	slots

J. B.	Gaut	TIVOLI TAVERN	126	No. 1st	3	slots

S.	Newman	LINCOLN GROCERY	1502 So. 5th	1	slot

Claude	L.	Adams	ADAM’S GROCERY	111	North 9th	1	slot

Uvalde	Capertan	COTTON CLUB	500	Jackson	6	slots

1 "21"

3	Poker

1 RH Keno

Blaine	A.	Brattain VEGAS LANES	125	So. 2nd	8	slots

George	A.	Fry	RICHFIELD SERVICE STATION	5th	& Fremont	3	slots

Sid Martin	SAL SAGEV TAVERN	1 Fremont	9	slots

Albert Schulman	 MARK(S FOOD COMPANY	1500 Fremont	6	slots

W. E. Greene       MANDALAY BAR	111 Fremont	10 slots

A. H. Stevenson    BOULDER CLUB INC.	118 Fremont	36 slots

1 Pan

1	Poker
5 "21"

2	Roulette
2 Craps

1 Faro
1 RH Keno
1 Tango (100 CH.)

1	RH Book

(Bar)	2 slots

Earl V.	Buchanan	HOUSE OF MURPHY	1409 So. 5th	3	slots

Earl V.	Buchanan	JOHNSON SERVICE	1400 So. 5th	1	slot

Earl V.	Buchanan	WILSHIRE SERVICE	9th & Fremont	1	slot

Earl V.	Buchanan	DALY’S NEVADA SERVICE	3rd & Fremont	1	slot

Earl V.	Buchanan	SHEP'S BARBECUE	5th & Jackson	2	slots

Frank Gordon	ETHEL’S LIQUOR STORE	409 Fremont	2	slots

Frank Gordon	ETHEL(S LIQUOR STORE	 28 Fremont	1 slot

Frank Gordon	SILVER STATE TEXACO SER.	5th & Fremont	1 slot

Frank Gordon	ROWLEY'S RICHFIELD STATION	501	So. 5th	1	slot

Archie B. Bell	BOBBIE'S CAFE	506	No. Main	2	slots

Peter J. Ward	SPIC 'N SPAN	124½ No. 1st	3	slots

Tom Stewart	1ST STREET GROCERY	631	So. 1st	2	slots

Frank Wilson	EL MOROCCO	E &	Jackson	3	slots

1 "21"

2	Poker
1 Craps

Ted Saunders	VICTORY SANDWICH SHOP	116	So. 1st	1	slot

C. M. Travis	LAS VEGAS LIQUOR STORE	812	Fremont	3	slots

Fred Kennedy	FRED'S LIQUOR STORE	203	Bridger	3	slots

A.	H. Imming	SEWELL'S GROCERY	307 Fremont	2	slots

M.	C. Kress	STATE CAFE	20 Fremont	4	slots

L.	Van Der Meer	OPPEDYK DAIRY	1000 No. Main	1	slot

Harold R. Hunter	HAROLD'S DRIVE IN	723 North Main	4	slots

T.	H. Brandt	MAYFAIR DRUG CO.	1422 Fremont	3	slots

Gordon W. Potter	5TH STREET LIQUOR STORE	727 So. 5th	4	slots

A.	R. Stowell	CHARLESTON INN	17 W. Charleston    3	slots

V.	Whittlesea	KEYHOLE LIQUOR STORE	828½ So. Main	2	slots

Albert G. Dattge	ROUND UP INC.	So. Main	11 slots

Richard B. Borders	DESERT CASTLE CAFE	210	No. Main	3	slots

Virginia Barrett	JACK BARRETT’S SERV. STATION	927	Fremont	1	slot

Virginia Barrett	VIRGINIA'S CAFE	917	Fremont	2	slots

Dave Stearns	TURF SAVOY CLUB	416	Fremont	1	RH Book

David Sarotta	DIXIE WAFFLE & SAND.	SHOP	24 Fremont	4	Slots

M.H. Gordon	MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE 	106 Fremont	4	slots
Walter	Butterly	BUTTERLY'S CAFE	1200 So. Main	3	slots

J. A . Katsaros	SAM’S CAFE	323	Fremont	6	slots

A. K. Smith	SMITH’S DRIVE	IN	300	Stewart	3	slots

Frank Pond	TAVERN BAR	127	So. 2nd	4	slots

John Stathis	BUSY BEE CAFE	105	No. 1st	2	slots

E. D. Ciliax	TOWN BARBECUE	506	Fremont	3	slots

Thomas	E. Kirby	TOM’S LIQUOR STORE	1027 So. Main	3	slots

Thomas	E. Kirby	LEE'S LUNCH	209 No. Main	1	slot

Jimmie Fulcher	GILBERT BROTHER’S GROCERY	314	W. Bonanza	4	slots

M. T- Shorie	GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd	& Fremont	5	Craps

7 "21"

3 Roulette
2 Poker
1 Pan
1 Tango
1 RH Keno
1 KH Book
1 Faro
1 Hazzard
51 Slots

Pat Rozello	ORANGE JULIUS COMPANY	405 Fremont	5	slots

Pat Rozzelle	TOMMY'S SIGNAL SERVICE	401 Fremont	3	slots

Pat Rozzelle	HAMBURGER KING	324½ Fremont	7	slots

Lee Hughes	WESTSIDE TAVERN	205 Wilson	4	slots

Lee Hughes	COTTON CLUB	E &	Jackson	1	slot

Lee Hughes	BELVERDERE GROCERY	H &	Harrison	1	slot

Lee Hughes	PEARL'S CAFE	224 No. 1st	2	slots

Lee	Hughes	SHELL SERVICE	STATION	125	So.	5th	1	slot

Lee	Hughes	MOTOR SERVICE	STATION	900	So.	5th	1	slot

Lee Hughes	PRESCRIPTION PHARMACY	814	Fremont	1	slot

Lee Hughes	PROFESSIONAL PHARMACY	424	Fremont	2	slots

Lee	Hughes	TIVOLI TAVERN	126	No.	1st	2	slots

Lee	Hughes	ORTON’S GRILL	125	So.	5th	3	slots

Lee Hughes	ASSOCIATED SERVICE	5th & Carson	1	slot

Lee Hughes	STAN & MARY'S DRIVE IN	10th & Fremont	1	slot

Lee Hughes	SILVER ST. TEXACO SERVICE	5th & Fremont	1	slot

Lee Hughes	WESTSIDE SHOPPING CENTER	D &	Jackson	1	slot

Lee Hughes	WESTSIDE CAFE	D &	Madison	1	slot

Lee Hughes	J.D.'S DRIVE IN	418	Madison	2	slots

Lee Hughes	EL MOROCCO CLUB	E &	Jackson	1	slot

Lee Hughes	HAROLD'S DRIVE IN	726 North Main	1	slot

L.V. Novelty Co.

Milford T. Pine	BLUE CAB COMPANY	127 No. Main	1	slot

Edgar W. Fountain	SWISS VILLAGE	117 No. 5th	1	slot

Eldon E. Lewis	THELMA & DORIS CAFE	18 Garces	1	slot

Dudley Fay	STAGE COACH LIQUOR	STORE	313	No.	3rd	2	slots

Frank Gordon	PULLUM'S PLAYHOUSE	504	Jackson	3	slots

Bert O'Donnell	RANCHO GRANDE CREAMERY	406	So.	2nd	1	slot

George Duncan ROUNDUP CASINO	501 Jackson	1 "21"

1 Poker
1 Craps

Louis DuBois	LAS VEGAS BARBECUE	32 Fremont	4	slots

Clem Conter	SHANGRI LA CAFE	316 Stewart	2	slots

Clem Conter	K & K STORE	227	No.	3rd	2	slots

Clem Conter	POST OFFICE COFFEE	SHOP	231	No.	3rd	3	slots

Harry Farnow	BOULDER DRUG STORE	121 Fremont	7	slots

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications for
gaming licenses be approved and the licenses issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

 pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 1006 to 1016 Inc.
and 1018 inc. in the net sum of $20,967.24 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that Warrant No. 1017-1 in the sum of
$4,000.00 made payable to Kauffman and Jensen being partial payment
on the swimming pool excavation be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
 vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager receive $650.00 per
month as salary for the year 1947.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time
Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until January 7,

1947 at the hour of 2.P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

PAYROLL CLAIMS
 WARRANT No. 1017-1

CITY MANAGER'S SALARY
1947




