Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting ayes; noes, none. Absent; Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of R. A. Rives,

Pioneer Liquor Company, 911 So. Main Street for a wholesale beverage
license and importer's license be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor
Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of John Anton at
John's Desert Inn, 1503 South 5th Street for a package Liquor
license be allowed.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Moe Taub at the
Deluxe Liquor Store, 449 North Main Street for a package liquor
be granted.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Houssels and
Salmon for a package liquor license at the Overland Liquor Store,

#6 Fremont Street Be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Protem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of R.R. Stowell of the
Charleston Liquor Store, 19 W. Charleston for a package liquor 

license be allowed.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of J. K. Houssels
and Ed Pizinger for a package liquor license at 508 Fremont Street
be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem

Clark voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Emory E. Kaltenborn
for a package liquor license at 323 Fremont Street be granted and
be delivered to him at the time he is discharged from the armed
services and ready to open up his business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Genes Kennell
fo a package liquor license at the Fourth Street Liquor Store, 127
North 4th be granted.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Cy Adams for a
retail beverage license at Tommy's, 407 Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin

Commissioner Bates moved that no new applications for liquor 

license be considered by the Board until the latter part of December,
when applications are presented for 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor
pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time
Commissioner Bates, moved that this meeting adjourn until October
5th at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS -
New — Pioneer Liquor Co.

JOHN ANTON - Package
Application

MOE TAUB—Package
 Application

HOUSSELS & SALMON —
Package Application

R.R. STOWELL — Package
Application

 HOUSSELS & PIZINGER -
Liquor Application

EMORY EL KALTENBORN



AGNES KENNELL —

Package Application

CY ADAMS — Beer Applica-
tion