Thrifty Market	Main & Charleston	Vegas Sweet	Shop	3 	slots

Overland Bar	2 Fremont	Sid Martin	7 	slots

Overland Liquor store 6 Fremont	Sid Martin	3 	slots

Mom's Lunch	1400 Fremont	V. H.	Lancaster	2 	slots

Overland Bar	2 Fremont	Louis	S. Bunzel	1 	slot

Hannibal's Cafe	1509 So. Main	K. A.	Freeman	3 	slots

Mobile Ser. Sta.	Main & Stewart	L. C.	McKnight	1 	slot

Barney's Grocery	630 So. 5th	H. G.	Tucker	1 	slot

Dick's Bar	118 No. 1st	Vegas	Sweet Shop	2 	slots

5th St. Cafe	1503 So. 5th	Vegas	Sweet Shop	3 	slots

Doc's	1200 So. Main	Vegas	Sweet Shop	    3 	slots

Jimmie's Bar	807 So. Main	    Vegas Sweet Shop     3 slots

B & C Station	722 Bonanza	Road	J. Weisberger	2 	slots

HANNIBAL'S --

Application Granted

BONANZA LIQUOR STORE

RESOLUTION—McCarran
Field

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

 Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Carson Dean,
of Hannibal's Cafe, 1509 So. Main Street for a retail Restaurant
Beverage license should be granted. This license was formerly
in the name of Otha Allen.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

 His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Chester L.

Pate, 410 Bonanza Road for a Retail Liquor license, be referred
to the Police Department for investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following resolution be
adopted and a copy of said resolution be sent to Senator
McCarran, A. C. Grant, Colonel Faye, and A1 Riddle.

Under Date of October 3, 1945, the City of Las Vegas sent to Senator
McCarran a telegram authorizing him to inform the Army Air Corps that the City of
Las Vegas was willing to deliver to the Army Air Corps, McCarran Field, the 

property of the City of Las Vegas, provided the Army Air Corps would retain McCarran
Field and maintain it.

The City of Las Vegas is still willing and ready to deliver McCarran
Airport to the Army Air Corps when the people of Clark County can comply with the
Army's request under date of April 1, 1946, in which they agree to accept
McCarran Airport if and when a new commercial airport is erected in Las Vegas
or Clark County, Nevada, for the use of the commercial airlines. On Monday,

July 1, 1946 an informal meeting was held with the County Commissioners, the
City Commissioners, the Chamber of Commerce committee, CAA officials, airline
officials, and the general public, and at said meeting the following resolution
was presented and adopted:

Resolution

"RESOLVED, that the proposition of the new airport for the City of
Las Vegas, and the County of Clark be submitted to the electors of Clark County
through a bond issue prepared by the County Commissioners, and that a committee
be appointed from among those present at this meeting by the City and County
Commissioners to work with these respective Commissioners to assist them to find
ways and means whereby the Bonds may be sold and retired. And be it

FURTHER RESOLVED, that the County Commissioners immediately make
application to the proper Federal Governmental Agency for the Federal portion
of fund necessary to acquire and improve the proposed airport, and that said
County Commissioners also immediately notify the Army Air Forces of these steps
by copy of this resolution."

The City Commissioners in compliance with the requests contained in
this resolution do hereby appoint Mr. A. C. Grant, Colonel Faye and Mr. Al Riddle
to act with them and for them and with a committee appointed by the County
Commissioners as requested in this resolution, and we request the County 
Commissioners to immediately appoint a committee as per this resolution and the
City be notified of the Committee so appointed.

It is the request of the City of Las Vegas by and through its Commissioners
that the County Commissioners act at once to comply with this resolution and the
City Commissioners will cooperate with the County Commissioners in bringing this
matter to an immediate conclusion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting
adjourn until July 22 at 2 P.M.