CCC CAMP - Water

Installation

R/W - WASHINGTON AVENUE
Max Kelch

sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to 

negotiate with the Las Vegas Land & Water Company for the 

installation of water at the CCC Camp, and that he be authorized to 

expend up to $600.00 for the installation of a nine line.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner Baskin
and carried unanimously the following resolution was adopted and
order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of June, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners of the city
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the deed dated the 25th day of May, 1946
executed by Maxwell Kelch and Laura Belle Kelch to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Clark duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution was 

adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of June, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada that the right of way agreement dated the
17th day of May, 1946 executed by Thomas Sharpe to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said right of
way agreement and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Manager be authorized
to trade in one of the motorcycles of the Police Department on
the purchase of a new Harley-Davidson. Said old machine to be
turned in for $332.00 and the new one to be equipped with a
radio at a cost of approximately $150.00 leaving a balance of
approximately $3392.10,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the proposed
general alignment of the right of way needed to establish an
ultimate connection of Bonanza Road between North 5th Street and
North 9th Street. Further that the City Manager be instructed
to negotiate for right of way of certain lands now held by the
Las Vegas Land & Water Company in that vicinity.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Rates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City approve sending Lisle
Bordwell to Ely, Nevada July 12, 13 and 14 to attend the 

Nevada Peace Officers Association Convention as a representative
of the Las Vegas Police Department, at an expense not to 

exceed $50.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

POLICE DEPARTMENT

Motorcycle purchase

BONANZA ROAD —

Alignment Approved

NEVADA PEACE OFFICERS
Convention

R/W - WASHINGTON AVENUE
Thomas Sharpe