EMERGENCY LOAN

1.	Director of Public Works.............. . . .$450.00 per mo.

2. Foreman-Sanitation............................. 250.00 Per mo.

3. Deputy Building Inspector..................... 275.00 per mo.

Sufficient funds are available in the Sewage Disposal budget for
transfer to the proper accounts to cover the cost of #1 and #3 for the balance of 1946

#3 is a possible training job and if candidates are found this
position, the selected veteran will be started at $25 annually until he reaches the
maximum recommended above. Funds are available in the Building Inspection budget
to cover the costs for the balance of 1946.

Respectfully submitted,

s/T. E. Fennessy________

City Manager

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the 

recommendation of the City Manager relative to the creation
of job titles for 1946 be approved, and established
as of September 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin

and Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
adjourn until Monday, September 9, at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin

and Corradetti.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 9, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 9th of September, 1946, Meeting
called to order by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the
hour of 2 P.M. with the following members present:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, City Manager T. E.
Fennessy, City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	

Commissioner Baskin and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.

This being the time set for hearing on the Notice of
Intention to Act on a Resolution to Secure and Emergency
loan, and there being no protests filed at this time, the
following Resolution was presented to the Board for 

consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency, due to the rising
costs of building, for the securing of funds to expedite the construction and completion of
a Police Station, and Jail Facilities and

WHEREAS, unforeseen expenses are being incurred in connection with the
operations of the street department, administrative department, sewer department, park
department, golf department, City Hall and Street lighting departments for which no funds
were provided in the 1946 Budget, and

WHEREAS, the only means possible to meet these obligations and 

expenditures is through the securing of an emergency loan, funds for which are partially available,
without impairment to its fiscal affairs in the unapportioned surplus accounts of the General
Funds, Cemetery Fund, Fire Station Construction Fund and Bond Interest and Redemption Fund, of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, that the City borrow the sum of One Hundred Twenty-five Thousand
Dollars ($125,000.00) or whatever part thereof said Board finds necessary or expedient to
borrow, at an interest rate of not to exceed eight percent (8%) per annum, and to provide
in subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof, of both interest and principal,
within the period of two and one-half (2½) years from date of the actual borrowing of said sum,and