GAMING	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the applications of C. R. Millhizer

hold	 for gaming licenses at 418 E & Madison and 320 Monroe be referred to

  the police department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING	 Commissioner Tinch moved that the following applications be denied,

rejected	  Jeffery Patton, 508 Jackson for a beer license; C. R. Millhizer -

508 Jackson - 2 slot machines; Jay Robb- 508 Jackson - 1 slot machine.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith
voting aye. Noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of George G. Parry

131 S. 1st	for a retail tavern liquor license at 131 S. 1st Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor
Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

APPLICATION-liquor	 The application of Josie Donich for an Importer’s Beverage-liquor

Josie Donich	 license at 132 S. 5th Street was held for investigation.

APPLICATION -gaming   Commissioner Tinch moved that the gaming application of Dave Stearns
Dave Stearns	 be granted with the exception of the Football Parley Book which is

referred to the city attorney. Motion seconded by Commissioner  
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of Frank C. Kernan

Love Cafe	 for a slot machine license at 1500 S. 5th be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.

GAMING	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application for two slot machines

Jack Weisberger     at 1503 S. 5th Street by Jack Weisberger be held over for investigation.

  Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioner Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith
voting aye. Noes, none.

GAMING	The following applications for gaming were ordered held pending action

  of Health Department. Jay Robb at D & Madison; Belvedere Garden, H &
Harrison; and Joseph Rowles Cafe at 418 E & Madison.

APPOINTMENT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. H. T. McQuiston be appointed to

H.	T. McQuiston     act as property officer of certain protective equipment loaned to the

City by the Office of Civilian Defense. The city to pay for a $5000
bond for Mr. McQuiston. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

BENCHES	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of the Vegas Transit

Bus stops	Company to install benches for convenience of passengers at various

bus stops be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none. 

TAXI RATES	 A letter from the Taxicab Operators Association of Las Vegas, Nevada

  outlining a schedule of rates for taxi service in the city of Las
Vegas was read and ordered filed.

POUNDMASTER	  A letter was read from Fred Tisdial regarding feeding of animals at

the pound. The matter was referred to Commissioner Smith.

SALARY	 A letter was read from David Mackey regarding his salary and same was

Dave Mackey	referred to the city attorney.

FIRE DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the city create a paid fire department

  consisting of 1 Chief, 3 Captains and 12 Patrolmen, with the following
wage scale to be hired as of Nov. 1st, 1942. Chief $250 per month.
Captains $200.00 and Patrolmen $190 per month. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,none.

2nd EMERGENCY LOAN   Commissioner Tinch moved that the city attorney and city auditor

  prepare the necessary papers for a second Emergency Loan to be ready
for the meeting of November 4th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

WATER CONNECTION	 Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city clerk be instructed to write

Charleston	  to Walter Bracken confirming the conversation he had with Mr. Case

  that the city wished them to install a six-inch emergency connection
at Charleston Boulevard. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

HOOT GIBSON SHOW	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of the Hoot Gibson

Rodeo to show in Las Vegas be referred to the Race Horse Commission.

  Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting
aye. Noes, none.