Providing a penalty for the violation of this Ordinance; Repealing
Ordinance Number 200 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, ’An
Ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream, and other dairy
products in the City of Las Vegas:	Defining standard for milk

and cream:	Providing for the issuance of permits for the sale of

milk and cream, and the revocation of such permits:	Authorizing

the City Commissioners to promulgate rules and regulations for the
enforcement of this ordinance:	Providing a penalty for the

violation thereof:	And repealing all Ordinances and parts of

Ordinances in conflict therewith’:	And repealing all Ordinances

and parts of Ordinances in conflict with this Ordinance." was
read to the Board for a second time. Thereafter, Commissioner Clark
moved the adoption of said Ordinance Number 290 on its second reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates. On the question, Commissioner
Smith stated that he questioned the validity of taking a vote on the
Ordinance as it did not comply with Section 30 of the Charter. There-
after, Commissioners Bates, Clark, and His Honor voted aye; Commissioner
Smith voted no; absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

ORDINANCE NUMBER 290 	Commissioner Clark withdrew his former motion for the adoption of

MOTIONS WITHDRAWN	Ordinance Number 290 with the consent of Commissioner Bates who seconded

it.

ORDINANCE NUMBER 290   The foregoing Ordinance Number 290 was referred to a committee composed

REFERRED TO COMMITTEE of Commissioners Bates and Clark to report on at the next regular meeting.

BUDGET - 1944	   Commissioner Clark moved that the proposed budget of the City of Las

Vegas for 1944 be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE    An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance providing for issuance of plumbing

NUMBER 291 - PLUMBING   and sewer connections for the regulation and construction of plumbing work

in the City of Las Vegas, and providing the examination of persons
engaged in doing plumbing work and creating an examining board for
admission of plumbers, and repealing any and all Ordinances in conflict
therewith, including Ordinance Number 36 as amended by Ordinances
Number 38, 41, 83, 87, 129, 147, and 182, and Ordinance Number 159 as
amended by Ordinance Number 175.” was referred to a committee composed
of Commissioners Bates and Smith to report at the next regular meeting.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time,
Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until February 7th
at the hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none;
  absent, Commissioner Corradetti.	 

Las Vegas, Nevada	 

February 7, 1944

The regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th day
 	of February,	1944. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin,

 	at the hour of 2:45 P. M., with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Smith, City Manager, Charles C. McCall, City
Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

MINUTES CORRECTED     Commissioner	Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be

corrected to	read as follows: "Coca Cola license be denied until such	|

time as applications are on file." and further, that the minutes be
approved as corrected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

WARRANTS	Commissioner Smith moved that when the warrants for the month of January

had been approved by Mr. McCall, that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
to sign them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.