SUB-DIVISION -

 Bonanza Village

 JOB TITLES—1946

having jurisdiction or ownership of the Kelso-Turner Project.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the
recommendations of the Planning Commission and refer the matter
to the City Manager for action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

The following letter of explanation as to the improvements of
boundary streets of Bonanza Village was received from the Planning
Commission:

OFFICE OF THE PLANNING COMMISSION

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
City Hall
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Subdivisions

Bonanza Village

Gentlemen:

In accordance with your request for clarification of requirements
for the installation of street improvements in the above tract,
please be advised as follows.

By action of the Joint Planning Commission at a meeting held
September 5, 1946, it was held that it is not the intention of the
Commission to obligate the developers of this tract to improve half
streets on the North and East tract boundaries. The basis of this
recommendation is supported on the fact that:

1. The State Highway Department anticipates the future
improvement of the Right of Way on the North boundary
(city limits) by inclusion on the State Primary System;
and possible improvement of the Right of Way on the

east by inclusion in the State Secondary Program.	

2.	Any improvements of these Right of Ways installed at this
time may possibly be removed or reconstructed when the
State designs and builds the anticipated routes.

3.	Properties on the North and East boundaries have no access
except to streets within the tract which are surfaced.

Therefore, streets on the South and West boundaries should
be and have been improved as the normal entrance and access
streets to the tract and lots abutting thereon.

It would appear that grading of the street on the north would suffice	 

until other improvements are made, the street on the East already
being open.

Respectfully,

LAS VEGAS -- CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/ C. G. Petrie,_________

Planning Engineer

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the
recommendations of the Planning Commission as per the foregoing
letter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Baskin and Corradetti.

The following recommendations of the City Manager relative to
the creation of job titles for 1946 was presented to the Board
for their consideration:

August 30, 1946

In order to make some necessary adjustments in the organization setup to
effect economics of operation and to establish positions for On-The-Job Training of
Disabled Veterans, it is recommended that the following positions be created: