 

all costs of the project in excess of $40,000. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Bates, Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Clark and Mayor Cragin.”

The foregoing motion was seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

PROPHYLAXIS LEASE	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to

R601.53	sign the cancellation of lease W868-ENG-2386, which covers the space

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA         used at the Las Vegas Police Station for a Prophylactic Station by the

United States Government.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Building Inspector and Plumbing
Inspector for the month of February filed.

A letter from Fred Wilson, 509 South Seventh Street, relating to local
history was read and referred to the Chamber of Commerce.

GAMING AND LIQUOR         Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming and liquor licenses
APPLICATIONS GRANTED      be granted.

Dollar Market	Herman Silverman	419 North	Retail Beverage

Silver Club	Joe Morgan	108 S. First	1 crap game

Las Vegas. Club	J. A. Houssel	23 Fremont	1 poker table

Pioneer Club	Charles Adams	 25 Fremont 	1 poker table

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

VACATIONS AND	Commissioner Smith moved that the outline for vacations and sick leave

SICK LEAVE	 	for the City Employees as submitted by Mr. McCall be approved and

 	incorporated into the minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

LEAVE REGULATIONS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
Annual Leave

1.	Each employee of the City of Las Vegas, shell be allowed in each 

employment year an annuel vacation of fifteen working days with full pay.

2.	In the FIRST EMPLOYMENT YEAR, no employee shall be entitled to annual leave
until his or her period of employment equals or exceeds six consecutive months.
Annual leave granted, when the total period of employment is less than ten
months, shall be in proportion to the actual period of employment, namely,

1¼ days’ leave per month, or 7½ days’ leave for 6 months’ service, 9 days for
7 months, 10 days for 8 months, 11 days for 9 months. Full allowance of 15
days will be granted on the basis of ten months’ service.

3. In the SECOND EMPLOYMENT YEAR, and thereafter, 1¼ days’ leave per month
will be allowed. Full leave allowance will be on the basis of ten months’  

service during such year.

4.	All leaves must be taken within the employment year in which they become

due unless an emergency exists and the head of the department or City Manager
considers it imperative that the vacation be dleayed. However, the period
beyond the current employment year within which the delayed leave may betaken
should not exceed six months. If an emergency does exist, a written
explanation must be sent to the City Manager so that record may be made and
approval granted.	

5.	There is no previsions which will permit leaves to accumulate from year to

year. This means that an annual leave in excessof 15 days will not be allowed, 
at any one time. Applications for annual leave must be filed in triplicate on
Form 35 and must be approved in advance of taking such leave; such approval is
discretionary with the City Manager.	

Sick Leave

6.	Sick leave with pay will be granted only to those employees who have been

in the employ of the City for a period of six consecutive months. Total sick
leave with pay shall not exceed 10 working days within each employment year.
This is computed on the basis of one day per month. Full allowance will
on the basis of ten months. Sick leave is not accumulative from year to year.
Approval of sick leave is discretionary with the City Manager. Applications
must be filed on Form 35 immediately after the return to work following the
illness.	

7.	When_LEAVE WITHOUT PAY is granted, such leave shall include all days from
the closing hour of the last day worked until the morning of the day on which
the employee returns to work. Application for leave without pay must be filed

in advance of taking such leave.

8. No leave with pay may be granted to an employee who resigns. An employee
who resigns or is discharged must begin a new employment year upon return to

work, and regulations for first employment year shall apply. (See paragraph

2 and 6 above.)