14th ST. ADDITION   A communication signed by Murry Wollman, Nate Mack and Wm. Cantrell 

requesting the Board of City Commissioners to enforce Ordinance #264 was read to the
Board and thereafter the matter was referred to Commissioner Tinch and the
Building Inspector with instructions to enforce Ordinance #264.

MC CARRAN FIELD The matter of a master lease for certain land owned by the City and the

LEASE	 acquisition of other land needed at McCarran Field was discussed. Commissioner

Smith moved that the City of Las Vegas clear title to the property owned by
them at the Las Vegas Airport and furnish a lease to the government therefore,
hut that the City at this time is not financially able to undertake acquiring
title to any additional land needed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

C. W. ODER	Commissioner Tinch moved that C. W. Oder he hired as Assistant Engineer as of

ASST. ENGINEER    May 1, 1943 at a salary of $250.00 a month to replace Mr. Eaton who resigned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch, Smith and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

STREET DEPT.	  Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be instructed to let bids

BIDS FOR	for three hundred (300) sacks of cement and to purchase same at the lowest bid.

CEMENT	Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

CITY ENGINEER		The	report	of	the City Engineer was	read	and	the matter of adopting the 1943

REPORT	Code was laid	over for further study and	Mr.	Brown was instructed to furnish

each Commissioner with a copy of his letter relating to the adoption of said
Code.

PLANNING BOARD  	The recommendation of the Joint Planning Commission relative to the amendment
RECOMMENDATION    of Ordinance #264 was held over for further study.

C. S. RIED	The	matter	of	the petition of C. S.	Ried	for	permission to establish a gaming

GAMING & LIQUOR  	and	liquor	house at 1322 "E" St. on	Westside	was referred to the Chief of

Police.

GAMING RENEWALS   Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the following applications for gaming licenses

be granted:	Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting

aye; noes none.

State Cafe	116 South 1st St.	1 slot machine

Oklahoma Cafe	220 North 1st St.	1	"	"

New Overland Cafe	8 E. Fremont St.	3	"	"

Lido Bar	107 North 1st St.	6	"	"

Rancho Grande	Creamery 406 South 2nd St.	1	"	"

Clark Market	1500 E. Fremont	7	"	"

BETTY'S CAFE	Commissioner Smith moved that Wilma Patrum be granted a retail beverage license

BEER LICENSE  	at Betty's Cafe at 1039 S. Main St. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch

and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

SOLS CLOTHING      The application of C. R. Millhizer for a slot machine license at Sols Clothing
GAMING	Store at 509 Jackson St. was held over for further investigation.

C. L. HAMMOND   The application for four (4) slot machine licenses at the Boulder Drug, 131
GAMING	Fremont Ave., was referred to the Police Department.

OKLAHOMA CAFE  	Commissioner Smith	moved that	the claim of Jake	Ensley for	the return of $45.00

CLAIM	deposited with the	City on an	application for gaming which	was not granted, be

refunded and that the application of Jake Ensley for a slot machine at the
Oklahoma Cafe at 220 N. First St. be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch

and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

CHILIVILLE CAFE Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of C. R. Millhizer for the refund of
CLAIM	 	$8.00 deposited with the city on an application for gaming, be refunded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes
none.

Commissioner Smith	moved that	the City Clerk be	instructed	to ascertain from

all applicants for	liquor and	gaming whether or	not they have County licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes
none.

HARRY JAMESON	The written resignation of Harry Jameson, sexton at the cemetery, was read.

RESIGNATION   Commissioner Smith moved that the resignation be accepted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

MURRY CASE  	A letter signed by Harry H. Austin, acting city attorney, relative to 

defending an action in District Court entitled "T. M. Murry vs The City of Las
Vegas, et al" was read to the Board. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr.
Austin be retained for extra work on the aforementioned case at an extra
salary as he is only acting as City Attorney at the present time. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch after some discussion. No vote was taken and
the matter was postponed until the 4th of May.