Mr. Howard was hired for two weeks in December at $25 a week making
a total of $50. Mr Bunker recommended that these people be paid
for their work. Mr Bunker also recommended that the rental on the  
room for Barney Burger, Beekley Building at $10 a month covering
September, October, November and December 1942 be allowed; also a
bill at the J.C. Penney Store in the amount of $7.46.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Board of City Commissioners approve
the employment of Kenneth A. Van Vorst as of January 1, 1943 at a
salary of $200 a month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Harvey Stanford be paid $125 as 

recreational Director; Miss Wooley be paid $75 as an assistant and 
Mr. Howard be paid $50 as Assistant Director. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the rent for the quarters occupied by 

Bernard Burger for the months of September, October, November and
December in the amount of $40 be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of J. C. Penney in the amount
of $7.46 for the recreational department be paid if it comes within
the sixth months period limitation. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

OFFICE OF PRICE ADMINISTRATION   Mr. Edwards, 0. P. A. representative appeared before the board at this

time relative to office space at the War Memorial Building. Commissioner
Rubidoux moved that the office of Price Administration be allowed the
use of the Council Chamber at a monthly rental of $50.00 and that they 

be granted a lease for one year period with a 30 day cancellation
clause. Further, their meetings are not to interupt the night meetings
of the City Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch

and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT

REPORT:	The report of Mr. Brown, City Engineer relative to the space at the 

Airport Administration Building was read.

WESTERN AIR EXPRESS	The clerk was instructed to write a letter to the Western Air Express

stating that according to a report made by the City Engineer that
they are using more space than was allocated to them and that they
will be expected to pay for the additional space on the same basis as
paid by the T. W. A., said space including that used by the ticket
office and the rental to begin as of August 1, 1942; and further
that they will be charged for operating slot machines at the Airport
Administration Building from the first of October 1942 on a basis of
50% of the proceeds or $150 a month for the space used. Commissioner
Smith moved that the above prices dictated by the Mayor be transmitted
to the Western Air Express by the clerk. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye; Noes, none.

C. A. A. LEASE	Commissioner Clark moved that the proposed lease as submitted by the

CAA be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to execute 

same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith Tinch and His

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

STREET DEPARTMENT

REPORT:	Report of M.E. Leavitt for the month of December was read and ordered

filed.