cabs by numeral on the rear of the cab, where it can be seen readily
and that said numbers shall be registered with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ARMY COTS       Commissioner Smith moved that the City expend the sum of $1250.00 for
PURCHASED	the purchase of cots, blankets, and mattresses for the use of soldiers

and that said cots, blankets and mattresses become the joint property
of the City and County, this money to be expended as soon as available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAMING	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming applications be

APPLICATIONS -   renewed for the Fourth Quarter:

RENEWALS

El Rancho Market	419	N. Main St.	1	Slot	Machine

Apache Hotel	2nd	& Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Blue Cab Company	127	N. Main St.	1	Slot	Machine

Charleston Grocery	Charleston	Blvd.	1	Slot	Machine

Johnson’s Grocery	624	S. 5th	1	Slot	Machine

P.O. Lafitte Filling Sta.	900	Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Sam’s Cafe	320	Fremont	1	Slot	Machine

Las Vegas Barbecue	22 Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Pony Epxress Stages	123	S. 1st	7	Slot	Machines

Verna’s Grill	121	S. 5th St.	1	Slot	Machine

New Overland Cafe	6 Fremont	3	Slot	Machines

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAMING AND	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following new applications be

LIQUOR	  allowed for gaming and liquor: Bruce Kilpatrick, Prescription Pharmacy,

APPLICATIONS -  814 Fremont St., 2 slot machines; J. K. Houssels, Las Vegas Club, 21-23
NEW	Fremont St., 1 Faro Game; Ted Konduris, Southwestern Liquor Store, 101

Carson Street, 1 slot machine; Albert Amante, Jack Pot Club, 116 Fremont
Street, 1 Pan Game; Ted Konduris, Southwestern Liquor Store, 101 Carson
Avenue, Retail Liquor License, package; J. W. Schraun, Mandalay Bar,
Importer's Beverage Liquor License; Jack Ensley, Oklahoma Bar, 1315

N.	D St., Westside, 3 slot machines,

LIBRARY BOARD Commissioner Smith moved that the resignation of the present Library Board
RESIGNATION   be accepted and the Mayor and City Clerk prepare a suitable resolution
  thanking them for the services they have performed and regret at their
resignation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

LIBRARY FUND Commissioner Smith moved that the check in the sum of $366.00 be 
   transferred to the general fund, being the balance on hand at the close of

business October 11, 1943, by the Library Board, and, the check for $200.00
issued by the City to Reba McKinster, c/o the City Library, dated September
30, 1943, be voided on the register sheet and said money also transferred
to the General Fund. Further that all accounts of the Library heretofore
kept by the Librarian, be kept in the office of the City Clerk and all
receipts and expenditures be handled through the City Clerk’s office and
all purchases be made through the Purchasing Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

CITY LIBRARY  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the building formerly occupied by

BUILDING	the City Clerk be converted into a Library and Commissioner Bates be

authorized to make the necessary repairs and alterations thereto.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and Carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GAS ACCOUNT -	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Clerk be authorized to open

FIRST NATIONAL   a gasoline account at the First National Bank in accordance with the
BANK	Governmental requirements and Commissioner Bates and the City Clerk be

authorized to sign said checks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Smith, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

At this time Mayor Cragin announced that the Girl Scouts would make a tour
of the City the first week of November and asked the cooperation of each
Department.

CURB - SOUTH   Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation of the City Engineer
FOURTEENTH ST. for the reconstruction of approximately 200 feet of curb, fronting on

Lots 9 to 12, inclusive, Block 11, of the Ladd Addition, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.