PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this
22nd day of November 1946. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2:30 P M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and Chief Deputy City Clerk
Shirley Ballinger.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of November 13
be approved by reference and the minutes of November 7
be approved with the following amendment.

In reference to the motion made granting the transfer
of package liquor license from the Overland Liquor Store
at 6 Fremont to 610 Fremont, the last sentence of that
motion should read as follows:	"Also, if the Board deems

it necessary, the liquor department must be partitioned
off from the drug store at this location.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 959-968
inclusive and 973 in the net amount of $18,539.42 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
 following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants
Nos. 969 to 972 inclusive and 974 in the sum of $ 27,465.26
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



2.	By converting to 160 megacycles, our operation will be facilitated by three-
way operation; namely, from station to car, car to station, and car to car.

The car to car operation will greatly increase the efficiency of our units
on the street. Also, the Fire Department will be able to dispatch both the
fire equipment and the police equipment on a fire call simultaneously thus
saving a minimum of ten minutes in dispatching all equipment to fires. The
car to car feature of this equipment also will give the Fire Chief or
Captain in charge of fire equipment on duty the ability to direct pumping 
equipment from the fire regardless of the amount of hose run out saving
time and personnel.

3.	The 160 megacycles equipment is absolutely unaffected by atmospheric and
power line noises which cause considerable confusion with the present
frequencies.

In summation, I would like to recommend this equipment be purchased now as we
can get thirty days delivery and affect a saving of approximately $3000.00 over the cost one
year hence.

Very truly yours
/s/ Ralph O. Dow

ROD/Jam	Ralph O. Dow.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.