Motion seconded be Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that a notice be published once
a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal
on the Special Assessment roll as approved for sidewalk
installations and that hearing be set for March 22, 1946,
at the hour of 2 P.M. as provided by law.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bates
was out of the room.

Commissioner Clark moved that the final floor plans for the
Police Station be approved and initialled by the Mayor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote, and Commissioner
Bates was out of the room.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until March 7 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 7, 1946

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada, met in
regular session pursuant to due legal notice of call at the
regular meeting place of said Board in Las Vegas, Nevada, on
the 7th day of March, 1946, at the hour of 3:10 P.M. The
following members of the Board of City Commissioners were
present:	E. W. Cragin, Mayor; R. Baskin, Commissioner; C.R.

Clark, Commissioner; A. Corradetti, Commissioner; Walter
Bates, Commissioner; T. E. Fennessy, City Manager; and also
present, Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk.

At this time Mr. Rowland Jones, Jr. representing Safeway
Stores appeared before the Board relative to obtaining an
Importer's Liquor License and Wholesale Liquor License.

After considerable discussion, Mr. Jones stated that he would
furnish the Board with certain documents which they had
requested.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Associated
Oil Company on Tydol Oil at $ .396 per gallon be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, harried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of February 21,

1946, be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioners Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 693-699
inclusive, 700-702 inclusive, and 705 and 707 in the net
amount of $20,241.96 be approved and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting a ye; noes, none.

SPECIAL ASSESSMENT
ROLL

POLICE STATION FLOOR
PLANS APPROVED

OIL BIDS AWARDED
MINUTES APPROVED

PAYROLL CLAIMS