LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 17, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 17th day of August,

1942. Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., by His Honor, Mayor Howell

C. Garrison with the following members present: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch,

City Clerk, HelenScott Reed, Purchasing Agent, LeRoy Whipple, Auditor, A. W. Blackman
and Acting City Attorney, Marion B. Earl. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Minutes of the previous meetings of August 4th and 11th were read and approved as read.

A report submitted by Commissioner Smith covering certain claims which were in controversy
was read and ordered filed.

The report of the Street Department for the month of July was read and ordered filed.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 718 to 721 inclusive be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that he be given authority to remodel the city shops
to accommodate two cars at an approximate cost of $1500; and to purchase tools and equipment
at approximately $1000; and 1 gas pump for $257.00; and to hire one mechanic at $180 per
month and to purchase two 700 x 20 tires and tubes, 10 ply for the Street Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux requested permission to hire a man and team for four days work
at the golf course at $1.75 per hour, 8 hours a day, and so moved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch.

At this time Mayor Garrison made a report on the golf course. Thereafter, Commissioner
Rubidoux withdrew his motion with the consent of his second.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the clerk write to the Chairman of the Golf Board advising
him that at the next regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners action will be
taken to close the course for the duration. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye.

Commissioner Smith moved bids be let for a 1941 1 1/2 ton dump truck (second hand). Said
bids to be advertised in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal for a period of ten days

 and to be returned at the meeting September 4th. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. H. H. Nichol, a representative of Labor, appeared before the Board at this time
requesting their cooperation in obtaining bus service between here and Boulder City.

Mr. Wallengren, of the Pony Express, appeared at this time and stated that he had

twenty two buses which he hoped to put into service between Las Vegas and Boulder City
and requested the cooperation of the city. One of the buses being parked outside the
city Hall a five minute recess was declared to enable the commission to inspect said
buses.

Thereafter, the Mayor appointed Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch and the city attorney
to meet with Pony Express and work out suitable terminals.

Commissioner Tinch Made a motion that the fire chief be furnished with transportation and
that bids be let for a second hand car for his use. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
his Honor voting aye. Noes,none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that a certain Model T Ford formerly used by the fire department
and now out of use be advertised for sale. That the best bid be accepted at the next
regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Insurance Company carrying insurance on the War Memorial
Building be contacted relative to fencing a portion of the roof on the West Wing of said
building, with the point in view as to what effect it will have on our insurance rate.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the matter of arrangements and rentals of any available space
in the West Wing of the War Memorial Building be left to Mr. Brown’s judgment. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch.

Mr. Brown was directed to ask the army to furnish culverts in the new access road at the
Airport.	

Mr. Tinch submitted the name of W. Cole instead of Chas. Morrison on the police payroll.

The city attorney was instructed to submit an opinion on the closing of 3rd Street on
West Side on Bonanza Road at the next regular meeting.

A letter from the Las Vegas City Planning Commission recommending the resubdivision of
Blocks 16, 17 and 18 of Ladd Addition was read.

Letters of protest against said resubdividing of Ladd Addition were read from Las Vegas
Taxpayers Association and Wm. Clark.

Mr. Clark and Pipkin made oral protests, and Mr. Clark requested that his name be withdrawn

 from the original petition.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the matter be resubmitted to the City Planning Board along
with the protests for further recommendation. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and