MINUTES

PAYROLL WARRANTS

Payroll Warrants
#271 to 278 Inc.

Service and Material
Warrants #279-283

PROJECTS—requiring
bond issues

CURB-Clark Co. Hospital
BIDS-Ford Coupe

Las Vegas, Nevada

December 22, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of December, 1944:	Meeting called

to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour
of 2:00 o'clock P.M. with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and Smith; City Manager
Charles C. McCall; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.
and Chief Deputy City Clerk, Mildred Mastny. Absent:
Commissioner Clark and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that minutes of the meeting
held on December 7, 1944 be approved by reference
and that the minutes of the meeting held on December
11, 1944 be amended to show "An Ordinance to amend
Section 16, as amended, of Ordinance No. 203".

Minutes otherwise approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that Special Payroll Warrant
No. 270 in the sum of $193.85 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that Regular Payroll Warrants
Nos. 271 to 278 inc. in the sum of $14,894.24 be
approved.	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that service and material
warrants Nos. 279 to 283 inclusive in the sum of
$15,657.78 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to prepare plans on the following 

projects which will require bond issued: Recreation-

to include swimming pool, jail, storm drains and
City Barns.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to advise Dr. Cherry that the property
heretofore deeded to the State Highway Department,
in negotiations with reference to setting curb,
should be taken up directly with the State
Highway Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be
authorized to advertise for bids for the sale of
one Ford Coupe, Model 1932 - Engine #18-37610.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Clark.