Las Vegas, Nevada

February 9, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 9th day of February, 1945:
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem
Smith at the hour of 2:20 P. M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti;

City Auditor, T. E. Fennessy; City Manager, Chas.

C. McCall; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent,
Commissioners Clark, Mayor Cragin and City Attorney,
Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of
the Joint Planning Commission be adopted. Said 

recommendation approving an improvement program of major
highway route, listed No. 1 to No. 7 inclusive; except
route No. 3 (d) and other outer belt routes as 

outlined in the "Nevada Highway Department Preliminary
Report for Advanced Planning in the Las Vegas Area,
Nevada", dated November the 1st., 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Joint Planning Commission relative to building setback
needed for the protection of right-of-way for the
above mentioned routes be adopted and necessary steps
for administration of same be set up.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Robert Peccole and Doyle Tinkle for a Retail Beverage
License at the Jack Pot Club, 116 Fremont Street, be
granted.

There being no second, Mayor Pro Tem Smith yielded the
chair to Commissioner Bates, and seconded the motion,
which was carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Corradetti and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye;
Commissioner Bates voted no. Absent Mayor Cragin and
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of
Walter F. Wolfinger, for a Retail Beverage License at
the Shamrock Cafe, 1501 South 5th. Street, be granted.

There being no second to the motion, Mayor Pro Tem
Smith yielded the chair to Commissioner Bates and
seconded the motion, which was carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Corradetti, Bates and Mayor

Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes, none. Absent Mayor
Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that all bids on gasoline
be rejected, and new bids called for to be opened
February the 15th. at a recessed regular meeting at
2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the purchasing agent
be authorized to purchase an electric Tokym Gasoline
Pump at the approximate cost of $245.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before this
meeting, Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meet-
ing recess until February the 15th. at the hour of
2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes, none.
Absent, Mayor Cragin and Commissioner Clark.

GASOLINE PUMP -

GASOLINE BIDS -

SHAMROCK CAFE -
RETAIL BEVERAGE LICENSE

JACK POT CLUB -
RETAIL BEVERAGE LICENSE

BUILDING SETBACK -

HIGHWAY ROUTE -
Approved