THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners that the
City do borrow a sum of Forty-two Thousand ($42,000.00) Dollars from the 

unappropriated surplus monies in the General Fund now available or as they become
available during the balance of the 1945 Budget year.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk execute and deliver the
necessary certified copy of this Resolution to the State Board of Finance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the claim of J. J. Peelen
in the sum of $3,333.33 being the first payment on the Garbage
collection, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to
submit to the Federal Government the necessary report for
Post War Projects in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

Bids from the following firms for pick - up trucks were considered
at this time;

Delivery Date	Price

COMMUNITY CHEVROLET CO.	1945 Chev. CCBX	Uncertain	$997.82

½ Ton Pickup with
4 - 6.50x16 6-ply
tires

CASHMAN'S GARAGE	New GMC ½ ton pick-	Uncertain	1086.36

up, Model CC-102,

125¼" wheel base, 4
speed transmission,

4 - 7.50x15 6 ply
tires

HOGAN & WESTLAKE	Model WC, ½ ton pick- Uncertain	1024.50

up with 78" body, closed
cab, 4 - 600x16 6 ply
tires, heavy duty air
cleaner, Deluxe Oil
filter, special cab.

CLARK COUNTY WHSE.	No Bid

A. C. GRANT	No Bid

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing bids be referred
to the Comptroller for further information.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the petition of the El Cortez
Hotel for the vacation of the East - West Alley behind the Hotel
on Fremont Street be referred to the Planning Commissioner for

recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

	 	  

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Baskin and

Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting recess until Thursday
October 11 and the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor
	  

voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioners Baskin and Clark.

VACATION — Alley
Back of El Cortez
Hotel

CLAIM - J. J. Peelen
POST WAR PROJECT -
BIDS - Pick - up Truck