CLAIM - J. J. Peelen
SWIMMING POOL

Commissioner Bates moved that the Claim #724-1 of J. J.

Peelan in the sum of $1,000.00 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorize
to send Mrs. Petrie to Reno with the plans for the swimming
pool and his actual expenses to be paid by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the Board at
this time, Commissioner Bates, moved that this meeting
adjourn until Saturday morning, April 6 at the hour of

10:00 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following voter Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Corradetti.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL
WARRANTS

KING JEWELRY CO. AND
Pioneer Loan Co.

TAXI APPLICATION
Lowell T. Brown

MOTORCYCLE RENTAL
Agreement

RIGHT OF WAY
R.W. Polk

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 6, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners,
held this 6th day of April, 1946. Meeting called to order
at the hour of 9 A.M., by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin,
with the following members present:	Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall,
City Manager, T. E. Fennessy, and City Clerk, Helen Scott
Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 725 to 734
inclusive, in the net sum of $20,629.31, be approved, and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and material warrants
Nos. 735 to 738 inclusive, in the sum of $18,461.41 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Upon recommendation of George Thompson, Chief of Police,
Commissioner Bates moved that the licenses of the King Jewelry
Company Pawn shop, 111 Fremont, and the Pioneer Loan Company
  120 So. 1st, be revoked, as of this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Lowell T.

Brown to operate a taxi-cab in the City of Las Vegas, be
referred to the Chief of Police for investigation, and if a
satisfactory report is given to the City Clerk, that the
license be granted in accordance with the taxi-cab ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City approve the 

agreement for motorcycle rental with John E. Barrett, and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin, and carried unanimously, the following resolution was
adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION