VACATION--Lewis Street	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

recommendation of the Planning Commission as per their letter to
the Mayor and Board of City Commissioners as of June 7,

1945, recommending the vacation of that portion of Lewis
Street between Eighth and Ninth Streets as requested in the
Petition of the School Board and Mrs. E. C. Beam. This
vacation is to be permitted only on the condition that this
area is to be developed for institutional uses and future
establishment of the proposed Teen-Age Recreation Center.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE VARIATIONS	Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the

Planning Commission that Harvey Jones be granted permission
to use a portion of Lot 1 Block 12 H F M & N addition for the
operation of a Beauty Shop be approved with the following
conditions:

(1)	Commercial use be permitted only in that portion
of the building now located at the rear of this
lot on the alley between Monroe and Jackson Streets.

(2)	That there be no alteration in the residential
character of the premises in connection therewith.

(3)	That no signs or advertizing devise relative thereto
be displayed on the premises.

(4)	That the required use petitioned for, Beauty Shop,
be permitted only in accordance with State Health
Regulations and requirements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONE VARIATION—	Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the 

Case No. 8	Planning Commission that Harry W. Garritt be permitted to erect

an auto service station, Lot 1 & 2 of Block 2 of H F M & N
Addition, under the conditions recommended by the Planning
Board which are on file in the City Clerk’s Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ZONING VIOLATION—	Commissioner Bates moved that the matter of zoning violation

Salvador Hernandez	by Mr. Hernandez be referred to the City Attorney for 

investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BIDS—Sidewalk	Bids for laying sidewalks in certain portions of the City were

opened from the following firms:

Item #1	Item #2 Item #3 Item #4

.28/ft	.28/ft	.28/ft	.28/ft

.28/ft	.28/ft	.28/ft	.30/ft

.30/ft	.30/ft	.30/ft	.30/ft

Horace Shidler, Gen'l Contractor
Stocks Mill & Supply Company
E. H. Thomas Company

Thereafter it appearing that the bid of Horace Shidler was the
low bid, Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Horace
Shidler for the construction of sidewalks in certain portions
of the City be accepted.

PROPOSED MILK ORDINANCE	Commissioner Bates moved that the first reading of the 

#298	proposed Milk Ordinance #298 be delayed until the meeting of

June 22, to give the Milk dealers an opportunity to study
the code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

COMPTROLLER APPOINTMENT      Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of City

Manager, Charles C. McCall that Mr. T. E. Fennessy be 

appointed Comptroller for the City of Las Vegas to assume his
new duties June 1, 1945, at the salary of $400.00 per month
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.