BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that	the Mayor and	City Clerk, be and they are hereby

authorized	and empowered to 	make, execute, and	 deliver such promissory note or notes

and other evidence of indebtedness as may be necessary from time to time to carry
into effect this resolution, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED	that	the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas execute and

deliver a certified copy of	this	resolution to	the State Board of Finance of the

State of Nevada.

The foregoing resolution was read aloud and adopted at the regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the seventh day of
September, 1944:	

Voting aye; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
Mayor Cragin.	

Voting no:	None

Absent:	None

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed	signed:	E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(City Seal)

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



BIDS ON HARDWARE	Bids from the following companies on hardware for the

Stores Department were received at this time and 

referred to the City Auditor for tabulation:

Standard Wholesale Supply Company - Las Vegas
Momsen - Dunnegan - Ryan Co., Arizona Division, Phoenix, Ariz.
Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company - Las Vegas
	The Salt Lake Hardware Company - Salt Lake City, Utah

BID ON CAR	A bid of James R. Nay of $50.00 on a city-owned Ford

car was received.	

AMERICAN LEGION		A letter of appreciation together with a Resolution

passed at the Department Convention of the American
Legion thanking the City of Las Vegas for its
hospitality during their State Convention was read
	to the Board and ordered filed.

FLAG POLE BALL	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be

directed to write a letter of thanks to Mr. Frank
Case of Basic Magnesium, Inc. for the magnesium
ball presented to the City to be placed on top of
the flag pole in front of the War Memorial Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTSIDE MILITARY 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed

FIRST AID STATION	to turn over to the Army the Westside Military First Aid

Station which has been completed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the
Board at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that
the meeting adjourn until September the twenty-second
at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. 