PROTESTS	Letters from the U-Wah-Un Study Club and from the Las Vegas Retail

Parking meters	Merchants Association protesting the installation of parking meters

in Las Vegas were read and ordered filed.

ORDINANCE 279- adopted Commissioner Tinch moved that upon the second reading of Ordinance
Taxi	279 same be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, the clerk read said Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to
amend section 1 of Ordinance No. 266 of the City of Las Vegas, amending
Section 7 of Ordinance 210 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled; "An
Ordinance to fix, impose, and provide for the collection of a license
tax on motor propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the
operation and running of the same, within the city of Las Vegas; fixing
a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance;
and repealing ordinance No. 100 and all the ordinances or parts of
Ordinances in conflict herewith."

BADGES	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the purchasing agent be authorized to

purchase the necessary badges to meet the requirements of Ordinance 279. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye.
Noes, none.

TIME SLIPS	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendations of Mr. Blackman

	regarding time slip forms be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

1937 WPA sidewalk	Mr. Blackman made a report on the	1937 WPA sidewalk project. Commissioner

project	Rubidoux moved that the report be	approved and the	necessary steps taken

to settle the matter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,
acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that the daily receipts be shorted

$7.50 and that Mrs. Bowman be reimbursed the same amount to cover a duplicate
receipt. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith 
voting aye. Noes, none.

DRIVE YOURSELF SERV-	Commissioner Tinch moved that the	request of A. L.	Riddle for transfer

ICE - A. L. Riddle	of Drive Yourself Service from Paul Walters, Inc.,	to A. L. Riddle be 

granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting adjourn until October 16th,

1942	at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
	Honor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

OCTOBER 16, 1942
Las Vegas, Nevada



At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of October, 1942.

Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison with the following members
present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux. City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. A. W. Blackman

city auditor.

Absent:	Commissioner Clark and City Attorney, Paul Ralli.



Minutes of the meetings of October 5th and 6th were held over until the meeting of Nov. 4th.

Commissioner Tinch was appointed to sign register in absence of Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 742 to 745 inclusive be approved and the Mayor and city 
clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch/voting aye. Noes, none.

SLOT MACHINES	Commissioner Smith moved that owners and licensees of slot machines

keys left with be instructed by the police department to leave master keys to the 
police	mechanical part of their machines with the police department to

facilitate an accurate check on machines. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith read his report covering matters pertaining to the
Police Department,