PRESENT: 

Louis Cohen

T.	A. Wells
Frank Dio Dato

FRANK MCNAMEE, representing

Lois Craig	Horace Goldenberg	Edith Woodard

F. W.	Backer	A. F.	Winter	Jessie M. Hunt

La Dorna B. 	Lake	Emily	L. Hunt	C. E. Caramon

Jean Pace	Isadore Teacher	Francis C. Hayes

A. H. Werner	James F. Schuylem	Elmer D. Campbell

Marian T. Campbell	Thomas A. Campbell	Stanley D. Stuart

Letea Kerns	E. J. Kerns	B. L. Doches

Louis E. Walton	Jeannie M. Walton	Burton A. Miller

Helen R. Miller	John F. Morgan,	Jr.	Anna May Weller

Sam Farkas	John Hughes	Mary B. Hughes

E.	Ranch Village, Inc.	Theodore R. Couch	Melba K. Couch

Edward Steam	Joe Schramm	Dlia Stearns

W. J.	Moore	Harold Hind	Ballard Barron

M. D.	Close	W. W.	Cole	Nate Mack

Murray W. Wollman	Jerome D. Mack	Louis Mack

Nevada Broadcasting	Harry Mack	McKesson Welch

Company	Marion B. Hicks	Clifford A. Jones

L. A. Woitishek	M. M. Sweeney	J. H. Gates

Ed Cantley, Jr.	F. L. Morledge	L. R. Harris

Hotel El Rancho,Inc.	Lillian Nelson	R. A. Kaufman

Pacific States Theatre, Ridgeview States,	Vegas Valley Develop-

Inc.	Ltd.	men Co., Ltd.

MR. FRANK MCNAMEE: These have all signed formal petitions of protest which
we will present before the meeting is over.

COMMISSIONER CLARK; Are all the signers property owners there?

MR. MCNAMEE: I have a list of all the property owners, and the list shows
those who have signed and those who have not signed. Here's a list -- it shows
everyone who owns property on that strip. A check before the name shows who
signed. Some were not contacted.

THE MAYOR: Are any other parties present not represented by counsel who
have not been named by Mr. McNamee?

MR. MORRIS ROSE responds.

MR. MCNAMEE: Gentlemen, on behalf of the names I read, I would like to
read a petition in protest that was signed by them.

(Mr. McNamee read the petition, the original of which
is on file In the City Clerk’s Office.)

Gentlemen, in support of the protest, I wish to call to your attention to
the ordinance which requires the consent of the freeholders of the part to be
annexed. It is the 1943 Amendment, which reads:

(Mr. McNamme reads Ordinance Section 2.

The Annexation of Adjacent Territory
Manner of Procedure of. Am. by Ch. 122
1937; Ch. 155, 1939; Ch. 179, 1943.)

We submit all these protests, asking that they be filed, and claiming that
they represent the protests of a majority of the freeholders residing therein, and
our contention that the City has no further jurisdiction to proceed in the matter.

MR. LOUIS COHEN: I wish at this time to protest to this annexation, and to
subscribe to all of the grounds mentioned by Mr. McNamee as reasons therefor, and
I wish that a notation be made that I own a l/6th interest in the following:

N½ of the SW¼ and the SE¼ of the SW¼ and the E½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼

all in Sec. 21, Tep. 21S, R. 61 E, MDB and M.

THE MAYOR: Is there any one present who has not signed the petition who
wishes to make a statement?

MR. WILLIAM J. MORRE, JR.: I would like to make a statement in addition
to the things already brought out. As far as the average	business in the

territory is concerned, it has its own	sewerage	disposal,	its own	water system,

its own street lighting (if they have any); Its own paving, and the only thing
that Is supplied from the outside in any way is electricity. We have sizable
Investments in these facilities just named, which investments would be duplicated
were the City to come into the territory with these facilities, and for that
reason, we can see no reason for the City coming In.

MR. R. A. KAUFMAN:	It occurs to me that probably one important point here

is missing. If I understand that ordinance right, it says, "the majority of the
freeholders.” Now, whether that would mean the amount of	acreage	 represented or

the number of people, or both, I think	It would	be a good	idea if	 somebody would

figure out the exact percentage of the acreage, and also of the number of signers,
because a majority necessarily is determined by over 50%.

THE MAYOR:	In behalf of this Board, it didn't have any Idea of going out

there and annexing the strip in order to do something disagreeable to you. We
are faced with a problem in Las Vegas that you are all familiar with, and I would
like to read some of the notes we already prepared at our meeting. We realized
that you people would come in and protest. It’s natural. We would probably 

protest too if we were out there but you can’t blame us for trying.