Commissioner Smith moved that in compliance with the opinion of the city attorney that he
file suit in the District Court against the Anderson Dairy for violation of Ordinance 264.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Reports of the electrical, plumbing, building inspectors and of M. E. Leavitt, street
superintendent were ordered filed.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city attorney be authorized to demolish the Gartside
building at a cost not to exceed $300. Motion died for want of a second and the matter was
 referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the following gaming applications be granted:

Jimmie Fulcher	314	Clark Street	2	slot	machines

El Patio Hotel	115	N. 2nd	2	"	"	2nd	& 3rd

quarters

McDonald Hotel	211	N. 5th	2	"	"	"	"

Oppedyke Dairy	600 N. Main	1	"	" 2nd & 3rd quarter

Trail Cafe	13 Fremont	1 slot machine 3rd quarter

M. H.	Burke	5th	& Fremont	Texaco Station	1	slot	machine

"	"	"	Richfield "	"	"

Associated Station	"	"	1	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The applications of Geo. Miller and Mark S. Schulman for liquor licenses were ordered held
over until the meeting of the 8th for further investigation.

A letter from the Federal Works Agency requesting approval of water coolers as now installed
in the government houses was read. Commissioner Smith moved that the city approve said

project as now installed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The claim of McQuay Supply for the return of $100 cash bond deposited with the city of Las
Vegas as and for a plumber contractor was presented again and the city clerk was instructed
to write to them stating that said claim should be referred to the administrator of Mr. Brock-
miller’s estate.

Letters from the Huntridge Development Company and Pioneer Title Insurance Company requesting
the city engineer to establish certain section lines were read and referred to the city attorney.

Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for ten fire extinguishers for the fire and police
departments. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that those fire extinguisher needing reparing be repaired. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of O. J. Scherer for $50 be allowed. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A petition signed by certain property owners requesting permission for Gertrude Garrison to
open a child’s shop in the residential district was presented. Commissioner Rubidoux moved
that said petition be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch.

At this time his Honor ruled the motion out of order and referred the petition to the city
attorney to check.

An Ordinance entitled ”An Ordinance to amend Section 1 of Ordinance No. 266 of the City of Las
Vegas, amending Section 7 of Ordinance 210 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: ”An Ordinance
to fix, impose, and provide for the collection of a license tax on motor propelled vehicles
operated for hire, and to regulate the operation and running of the same, within the city of Las 

Vegas; Fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance: and Repealing
ordinance No. 100 and all the ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith." was
read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner Tinch moved that said Ordinance be adopted. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter signed by Commissioner Tinch stating that he had terminated the services of Dave
Mackey as Chief of Police, was read.

A letter signed by Sgt. Bob Owens was read.

Mayor Garrison, at this time declared all Commissioners unseated, and made the following	

appointments to be in effect until terminated. Commissioner Smith as Police Commissioner.
Commissioner Rubidoux as Finance Commissioner and Commissioner Tinch as Street Commissioner.	

Said appointments to take effect as of 11:00 P.M., September 4th, 1942.

The Clerk to so notify said Commissioners in writing.



Thereafter, upon motion by Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and unanimously carried 

the meeting adjourned until 7:30 P.M., September, 8, 1942.