SECTION 2. Vacancy. In the event of a vacancy in a directorship, the governing
body of the city represented by such directorship shall appoint a member to fill such
vacancy. A director chosen to fill a vacancy shall hold office for the remainder of the
term for which his predecessor was appointed.

SECTION 3. Regulations. The Board of Directors shall adopt such regulations for
its government as it may deem necessary, which regulations shall make provision for
adequate notice to all members of said Board of all meetings thereof, and shall provide
for balloting by mail when it shall not be deemed feasible to call a special meeting.

SECTION 4. Quorum. Except as herein otherwise provided, a majority of the Board
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of all business.

SECTION 5. Compensation - Directors. The Directors shall not receive any 

compensation for their services as such, but, by resolution of the Board shall be entitled to
reimbursement for actual and necessary expenses incurred in the performance of their
duties.

SECTION 6. Reports of Directors. The duties of the Board of Directors shall 

include the making of an annual report to the members of the League at the regular annual
conference showing the work done by the League and its various departments, the financial
condition of the League, and a statement with respect to plans for further work and 

proposed policies of the League.

SECTION 7. Officers. The President and Vice-President shell be elected by the
Board of Directors at the aforesaid organization meeting, from among its own members,
by a majority vote of said Board, and shall serve for a term of one year from and after
the adjournment of the annual conference and until his successor is elected.

In the event of the death, absence or disability of the President and Vice-President,
the Directors may designate from among their own number, a President pro tem.

The Board of Directors shall elect a Treasurer who shall be a member of the League
of Nevada Cities, but who need not be a member of said Board. Said Treasurer shall serve
for one year from and after the adjournment of the annual conference of the League and
until his successor is elected and qualified.

The Board of Directors may elect an Executive Secretary and may employ, or cause to
be employed such deputy Executive Secretaries and such other persons as may be necessary
who need not be members of the League of Nevada Cities. The officers and employees so
selected shall perform such duties and receive such compensation as the Board of Directors
may from time to time prescribe.

SECTION 8. The Board of Directors shall require bonds to be furnished by all employees
handling the finances of the League in such amount as it shall deem desirable or necessary,
said bond to be approved by the President, and the premiums therefor to be paid by the League.

SECTION 9. Program. Prior to each annual conference the Executive Secretary shall
send to each city clerk for distribution to the elective and appointive officials of his
city, a questionnaire-ballot containing a list of appropriate subjects for the program and
requesting the officials to make thereon their first, second and third choices and return them
to League headquarters. The result of the vote shall be sent at once to the chairmen of the
different departments, and, so far as practicable, the choices thus expressed shall be
followed as a guide in preparing the annual conference program.

The Executive Secretary shall give such assistance in preparing the program for each
department as the chairman thereof may request.

A program for the meetings of the entire body shall be arranged by the Executive Secretary
after conference with, and subject to the approval of the Board of Directors, which program
shall be devoted to subjects of general interest to all city officials as distinguished from
subjects which are of interest to a particular department only.

SECTION 10. Headquarters. The Board of Directors shall establish and maintain 

headquarters in the City of Reno and may establish and maintain branch offices in such other
cities as it may deem necessary.

ARTICLE V - DEPARTMENTAL ORGANIZATION

SECTION 1. Departments. There are hereby greeted the following departments of the
League, to-wit:

Department of Mayors, City Managers and Councilmen.

Department of City Attorneys.

Department of City Engineers.

Department of City Health Officers.

Department of City Planners.

Department of Fire Chiefs.

Other departments may be created by resolution at the Annual Conference,

SECTION 2. Organization. Each department shall elect its own chairman,Vice-chairman
and Secretary from its own membership, and shall meet in general sessions of the League and
may provide for departmental meetings at such other times and places as it may deem necessary.

ARTICLE VI - MEETINGS

SECTION 1. Annual Conference. The regular annual conference of the League shall be
held at such time or place as the Board of Directors shall determine.

SECTION 2. Special Meetings. Special Meetings of the League may be called by the
Board of Directors.

SECTION 3. Notice of Meetings. Notice shall be given to all Member and Registered
Cities of the time and place of all regular and special meetings by mailing a written or
printed notice of the same at least fifteen days prior to said meetings; provided, however
that failure to receive such notice shall not invalidate any proceedings at such meeting.