 	Commissioner Tinch moved that Mr. Fred Thorn Pine he hired as Assistant Building

 	Inspector to replace Mr. C.	L. Hoge,	deceased, as of April 23rd	at a salary of

INSPECTOR	$180.00 per month. At this	time Mr.	Smith inquired if this	was 	an increase in

the salary for this position. Mr. Tinch said it was not. The motion was
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; 

noes none.

DISPOSAL PLANT    Commissioner Rubidoux moved	that George Wm. Redden be hired 	as helper at the new

HELPER	disposal plant beginning May 1, 1943	at a salary of $150.00	per	month. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

MANHOLE COVERS	Commissioner Smith moved that fifteen (15) manhole covers be sold to the

government by the City of Las Vegas at the actual cost of these covers to the
City. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL 	Commissioner Smith moved that the City of Las Vegas sell to the government as

POWER POLES  	many electrical power poles as the City has to spare at a price of $10.50 each.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

WAGE INCREASES	Due to the fact that Frank Partie, electrical lineman and T. C. Walsh, lineman

T. C. WALSH		helper, are now	working for sub-standard wages, Commissioner Rubidoux moved

FRANK PARTIE		that Mr. Partie	be given a raise from $225.00 to $250.00 per month and Mr.,Walsh

be given a raise from $180.00 to $200.00 per month beginning May 1, 1943. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner
Smith voted no.

CEMETERY SEXTON   Commissioner Tinch moved that Henry Deadrich be hired as of May 1 to replace
REPLACED	Harry Jameson as Sexton at the cemetery at the same salary as Mr. Jameson has

received. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark, voting

aye; Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.

SECRETARY	 	Commissioner Tinch moved that a secretary be hired at a salary of $140.00 per month

STREET DEPT.	 	to take care of	the clerical work for the Street Department as of May 6, 1943.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark, Voting aye;
Commissioner Smith voted No.

TWO-WAY RADIO  	Commissioner Tinch moved that the City give the County a letter informing them

WAVE LENGTH    	that their wave length on the two-way radio will not interfere with the wave

length of the City. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by
 the following vote; Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

VIOLATION OF        A letter was read from Mr. Morling, Building Inspector, calling the attention
FIRE ORDINANCE     of the Board to the fact that Mr. S. D. Christie has moved a frame building on

the lot at 115 N. 1st St., which is in fire zone #2, without a permit. This
is in violation of the Fire Zoning Ordinance and Mr. Morling suggested that
the Board take legal steps to have this building removed. Commissioner Smith
moved that the matter be referred to the City Attorney for investigation and
action. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

RESOLUTION   The following Resolution was presented to the Board for consideration:

VEGAS TRANSIT  	 

COMPANY	R E SOLUTION

The Application of VEGAS TRANSIT CO. for an exclusive franchise to use the
public streets of the City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of operating a bus
line for the transportation of passengers within the limits of said City, for
a period of twenty-five years, having been presented to the Board of Commiss-
ioners, and having been duly considered by the Board, and it appearing to the
Board that the granting of such application and franchise, under the terms and
conditions hereinafter stated, shall be advantageous to the City of Las Vegas, 

NOW, THEREFORE,

BE IT RESOLVED:	That the application of VEGAS TRANSIT CO., a corporation

organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada,
for an exclusive franchise to use the public streets of the City of Las
Vegas, for the purpose of operating a bus line for the transportation of
passengers within the limits of said City, be and the same is hereby granted,
and there is hereby granted to said Vegas Transit Co. an exclusive franchise
to use the public streets of said City of Las Vegas for the purpose of
operating a bus line for the transportation of passengers within the limits of
said City, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter stated, to-wit:

Section 1
Routes

The grantee shall operate busses over the routes now being covered by it.