AND WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an emergency
loan:

IT IS THE INTENTION of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to declare that there exists a great
necessity and emergency to meet the payroll and the current expenses
of operating the city government and to request the State Board of
Finance of the State of Nevada to grant to the city of Las Vegas
authority to borrow an emergency loan of Seventy-five Thousand Dollars
(§75,000.00) (or whatever part thereof the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow) at an
interest rate not to exceed eight per cent per annum (8%); and to provide
in the subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof, both principal
and interest, in accordance with the provisions of the Statutes of the
State of Nevada.

IT IS THE INTENTION of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas to vote on the adoption of the Resolution to secure the above
described emergency loan on the 8th day of September, 1942 at the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, at 7:30 P.M., at which time
any persons wishing to object to the adoption of such resolution
are invited to appear and voice such objection.

BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

By; Howell C Garrison

Attest:	Helen Scott Reed

AND WHEREAS, the said notice was published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review Journal, as provided by law, and

WHEREAS, on the 8th day of September, 1942, a resolution was unanimously
adopted by the members present of the Board of the City Commissioners, and
a copy of said Resolution was sent to the State Board of Finance, Carson
City of Nevada as provided by law, and

WHEREAS, the State Board of Finance, Carson City of Nevada on the 15th
day of September, 1942, passed a Resolution authorizing such emergency
loan, by the Board of City Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, notifying
the said Board of the City Commissioners, of the city of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE it is hereby resolved that the sum of Fifty Thousand
Dollars (§50,000.00) be borrowed from the First National Bank of Las
Vegas, Nevada, at the rate of	payable semi-annually, the said

loan to be paid not later than two and one-half (2½)

) years from the date
of said loan, and that the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to
execute and deliver such promissory note to the said First National Bank
of Nevada.

THE FOREGOING RESOLUTION was read aloud and adopted at the regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners on the 16th day of October, A. D. 1942.

Commissioner Tinch moved the adoption of the foregoing Resolution. Motion
Seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.

Voting aye Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, Mayor
Howell C. Garrison. Voting no: none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

SEWER	The following Resolution was presented to the Board for consideration.

Sewage collection

system	RESOLUTION	

WHEREAS, the United States of America is constructing a sewage
collection system in the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS certain portions of the said sewage collection system are
completed and are being completed and are at the present time and
will be in the near future, ready for house connections, and

WHEREAS, it will be expedient and advisable that said house connections
be made as soon as possible along that portion of said sewage collection
system which is connected to approved city mains which are existent, which are
connected to an existing sewage disposal plant

NOW, THEREFORE be it resolved that the Board of City Commissioners
request the Federal Works Administration, defense war projects for per-
mission to place said portions of sewage collection system in operation
as soon as the same is completed and final inspection made, without
waiting for the final completion of this progress, designated as docket
No. 26-116 Sewage System, Las Vegas, Nevada

Commissioner Tinch moved the adoption of the foregoing Resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

AIRPORT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the proposed lease of the Western Air	

lease WAE	Express at the Municipal Airport Building be rewritten as outlined by 

the Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

Lease TWA	Commissioner Tinch moved that the proposed lease as submitted with

the TWA for a room at the Airport Administration Building be approved
at a rental of $30 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.