CIVILIAN DEFENSE Commissioner Smith moved that the overdraft of $945.00 appearing in the
OVERDRAFT HONORED   Civilian Defense budget he approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark

and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none. Mayor Cragin directed Commissioner
Smith to notify the Civilian Defense that no further amounts would be advanced.

RACE TRACK    Commissioner Bates moved that the local Racing Board be granted permission to

use the race track commencing October 10, 1943 and continuing for five weeks,
provided they furnish the City of Las Vegas with property damage and public
liability insurance in the amounts of 25,000/50,000 and that they bear all
expense in connection with preparing the track and other facilities. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

WESTSIDE	A certain communication addressed to Mayor Cragin and signed by Herman K.

COMMUNITY  	Barnett, Secretary of the Westside Community League, containing a resolution

LEAGUE	relative to their organization, was presented to the Board. Thereafter

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk acknowledge receipt of the letter
and inform them that the Board of City Commissioners will recognize their
Board on all matters pertaining to improvements on Westside. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,
Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

RED CROSS	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the request of the American Red Cross for 

USE OF HALL	permission to use the council chambers in the City Hall on the 3rd Tuesday of

each month be granted and a copy of this motion given to Mr. Partie, custodian
of the War Memorial Building. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

HUNTRIDGE	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the action taken by the Board of Commissioners

PARK	 	regarding the development of park areas by the City in the Huntridge Addition

DEVELOPMENT	be recinded and the original arrangements complied with. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

FIRE STATION	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the Federal Works Agency

APPLICATION       for extension of the Fire Department for the City of Las Vegas be submitted to
FOR FEDERAL	  Mr. Kester, Engineer in charge of the FWA and notify him that the City Engineer

AID	will be the officer acting for the City of Las Vegas; that the estimated

cost of the project is $126,804.00; that the City of Las Vegas will contribute
the sum of $25,000 upon approval of these projects to be divided as follows:
$15,000.00 for construction - $10,000.00 for equipment - and ask that the
Government loan the City of Las Vegas $38,000.00 for a term of ten (10) years;
further that the Government make an outright grant to the City of Las Vegas
for an additional amount to complete the project, being approximately $64,000.00
and that the following resolution be approved:

RESOLUTION

 

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, Nevada has a population of approximately

19,500	people, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas has fire fighting equipment and fire
station facilities sufficient to adequately protect a town of 6,500 from fire
losses, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas, Nevada was, prior to 1940, a town of
approximately 8,000 people, and

WHEREAS the increase in population between 1940 and 1943 has been due in
a large measure to the presence of a defense project, to wit; Basic Magnesium,
Inc. and the presence of an army air field, to wit; Las Vegas Army Air Field,
in the immediate vicinity of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS the Board of Fire Underwriters has declared that Las Vegas is
inadequately equipped to handle nominal fire protection for a town of over

6,500	or 7,000 people

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that application be
made to the Federal Government throught the Federal Works Agency for financial
assistance to construct adequate facilities and to obtain adequate fire
fighting equipment to meet the requirements as set forth by the Engineering
Department of the Board of Fire Underwriters of the Pacific Coast, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all necessary information, reports, maps and
preliminary drafts necessary for said application be prepared by the 

Engineering Department of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, 

in order that a fully adequate and complete report may be submitted to the
Federal Government by and through the Federal Works Agency.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.