PEARLEE ADAMS	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Pearlee Adams for

gaming	a gaming license at 224 N. 1st Street be referred to the police

department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

PLAYLAND	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application of George G. Parry for

gaming	a slot machine license at 131 S. 1st Street be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners	

Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The following applications were referred to the Police Department	

for further investigation:	Snyder's Grocery Store, Westside; Joseph

Rowles Cafe, 418 Madison & E., Westside; C. R. Millhizer 508 Jackson St.

SEWELL'S STORE	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Sewell's Grocery Store

Wholesale beverage	for a wholesale beverage license be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith 

and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TOWER SERVICE STAT.	Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of the Tower Service Station

claim	for $44.36 be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and 

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his 

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

McDANIEL GOODWIN MOTOR Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of McDaniel Goodwin Motor 

Co.	Company in the sum of $48.45 be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner

claim	Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GOLF COURSE	Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for 600# of grass seed for

bids - grass seed the golf course. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

HUNTRIDGE SUBDIVISION In response to a letter from Francis T. Eisenman, Jr., Commissioner

TRACT #3.	Smith moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized to execute 

corrected map.	a corrected map of Huntridge Subdivision Tract #3, provided it meets

with the approval of the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NORTHERN CLUB	A letter was read pertaining to race horse books signed by C. S. Berry.

racehorse book	Commissioner Smith moved that it be referred to the city attorney with

instructions to make an investigation and determine what, if any, action

can be taken by the city commissioners to prevent the possible monopoly
of race horse books in the city. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MRS. ROZINNI	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the permission heretofore granted to

cemetery lot.	Mrs. Rozinni to purchase a cemetery lot on the installment plan be

rescinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

PUBLIC SERVICE COMM.	Commissioner Smith moved that the Public Service Commission be granted the

use of hall	use of the council chamber November 20th and 21st. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

diesel

GASOLENE & FUEL OIL	Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let for gasoline and diesel fuel oil. 

bids let	 Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that this meeting recess until November 23rd, 1942 at the hour of 7:30

P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.	

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 23, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 23rd day of November
1942. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.
with the following members present:	Commissioners Rubidoux and Smith. Acting city attorney

Harvey Dickerson. Purchasing Agent, Le Roy Whipple and city clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
Commissioners Clark and Tinch.

Minutes of the previous meeting were tabled until the next regular meeting.

There being no protests filed against the proposed emergency loan the following Resolution was
presented for consideration.

R E S O L U T I O N

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency to: (1) provide an additional motorcycle
and automobile for the Police Department; (2) provide for a paid Fire Department; (3) provide
for Civilian Defense; (4) provide for the purchase of additional land at McCarran Field; (5)
provide for so