RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has entered into several contracts for the furnishing
of equipment in connection with Project No. 26-130-n, and

WHEREAS, all equipment has been received in a satisfactory condition in connection
with the following contract:

Acceptance Date

Contract #3	Eureka Fire Hose Co.	$2200.00	11-10-45

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas does hereby accept Contract #3 as
being completed as of the above specified date.

The foregoing motion was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



RESCIND MOTION OF 11-7-45'

RE:	Vacation of Alley,

Block 14, Valley View
Addition

POLICE STATION SITE

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS

GAMING APPLICATIONS 
Granted



GAMING APPLICATION -
Denied

PETITION FOR VACATION OF
CERTAIN STREETS & ALLEYS
BY School Board





MINUTES OF PLUMBING
EXAMINING BOARD

C. C. C. BUILDING 
RESOLUTION - Fire Station

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that that certain motion made and passed
on November 7, 1945 directing the City Clerk to post notice of
intention to vacate that certain alley in Block 14 of Valley View
Addition be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City offer the owners of the land
where the City desires to erect the new Police Station the sum of
$9,000.00 on terms and conditions to be agreed upon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Commissioners Bates and Corradetti passed their vote.

Reports of the Building Inspector, Electrical Inspector, and Police
Department for the month of November 1945 were presented to the
Board and were ordered filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Jack Weisberger for
one slot machine at Tommie's Cafe, 415 Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
voter Commissioner Bates, Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Sam Stearns at
113 North 1st Street for one roulette wheel be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of the Board of
Education, as contained in the excerpt from the minutes of this
Board of Education held the 28th of November, 1945 for the
vacation of certain streets and alleys; i/e.

1.	Lewis Street from Eighth to Ninth

2.	Eighth Street from Bridger to Clark

3.	Ninth Street from Lewis to Clark

4.	Alley between Eighth and Ninth Streets from Bridger to

Clark.

5.	The Alley between Ninth and Tenth Streets from Lewis to

Clark.

be referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager presented the Minutes of the Plumbing Examining
Board for November 9th and 15th, which were ordered filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City allow the Boy's Club
"Avietes" the use of one C. C. C. Building located on City
property to be selected by the Board of City Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Bates who
moved its adoption: