Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; Commissioner Baskin passed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Gus Klein for a
Retail Liquor License at the Thrifty Market at Charleston and
Main Sts., be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Baskin passed his
vote.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Barney D.

Zigtema for a Retail Beverage License, at Barney's Fifth Street
Market, 630 So. Fifth St., be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Retail Tavern License 

heretofore issued to Mike’s Liquor Store be revoked immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of M. H. Gordon
for a Seal Package Liquor License at Mike’s Liquor Store, 106
Fremont Street, be granted, and the applicant allowed to open his
store.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of A. R. Stowell for
a Retail Liquor License at the Charleston Liquor Store on
Charleston Blvd. be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Baskin passed his vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of P. 0. Silvagni
for twenty-eight (28) slot machines, 1 poker, 1 pan, three (3)

"21" games, two (2) craps, two (2) Roulettes, one (1) Faro, and
one (1) Race Horse Keno, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark voting aye;

noes, Commissioner Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of W. E. Greene for
one (1) poker and one (1) roulette for the Gold Nugget Gaming
House, 123 to 129 E. Fremont be held up until the location is
established.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark and Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of James R. Clark
for four (4) slot machines at the Market Spot, 117 Carson street,
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of P. L. Jeffries for
a Retail Beverage License of the Brown Derby, be approved. 

Further that if any trouble should occur at that location the
license would be immediately revoked. Also that the gaming 

applications for four (4) slot machines be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates and Clark voting aye;

noes, Commissioner Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the applications of the 

following firms for a pawnbrokers license be approved, whose bonds
are on file in the office of City Clerk:	Steel's Jewelry and

Square Deal Loan. Further that the applications of Stoney's
Loan Shop and Pioneer Loan Company be granted as soon as their
bonds are filed with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



PAWNSHOP LICENSES
Granted

BROWN DERBY

MARKET SPOT

GOLD NUGGET
Gaming

S. S. REX CLUB
Application denied

CHARLESTON LIQUOR
STORE

Application denied

MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE
Sealed Package License
granted

MIKE'S LIQUOR STORE

TAVERN LICENSE Revoked

BARNEY'S FIFTH STREET
MARKET

THRIFTY MARKET
Application Denied