REMOTE CONTROL	On request of the Civil Aeronautics Administration of the United States,  

STATION	  Commissioner Bates moved that the lease between the government and the City of Las Vegas,	

MUNICIPAL AIRPORT	covering lease for a frame building located on the Las Vegas Airport for use of	

LEASE	the remote control quarters - Contract C-6ca-372 - be cancelled. Motion seconded	

CANCELLED	by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,	

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.	

ZONING ORDINANCE	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk notify the parties responsible for	

VIOLATION	violation of the Zoning Ordinance on north 1st St. near the Nevada Bar to either	

comply with the Zoning Ordinance at once or remove the buildings thereon within	

the next 48 hours. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor
pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

VETERINARIAN        Commissioner Bates moved that the Building Inspector be instructed not to issue
HOSPITAL	any building permits to Dr. Bernkrant for the purpose of housing dogs at his 

ORDERED REMOVED      hospital on 14th St. and, further, that Dr. Bernkrant be notified to discontinue

said hospital at 14th St. in the 300 block on the north side within thirty days
from this date, as it is in violation of the Zoning Ordinance. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.	

GRIFFITH BUILDING  	Commissioner Bates moved that the action taken by himself and the Building	

IMPROVEMENTS	 	Inspector regarding the improvements to be made in reducing the fire hazard in

the building located on the southwest corner of Fremont and 2nd Streets and
owned by R. B. Griffith of Las Vegas, be approved by the Board. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes
none.

C. C. SARGENT	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the duties of Mr. C. C. Sargent, Fire Marshall

HIRED AS	be combined with license tax collector and superintendent of garbage fee 

FIRE MARSHALL	collections, effective July 1, 1943 and his time as such to be distributed as follows:

AND LICENSE  	l/3 as Fire Marshall and 2/3 License Tax Collector and Garbage Fee Collector,

TAX COLLECTOR	to work in the latter services direct from the office of the City Clerk and the

Finance and Revenue Department at a salary of $250.00 per monty; $100.00 of
which will be paid from the Fire Department budget and $150.00 from the City
Clerk's budget. The latter department to furnish the Collector with a city
owned car and maintenance of same at city expense. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Fates and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none. Commissioner Corradetti
stated that Mr. Sargent has been sworn in as a police officer.

BONANZA STAR	Commissioner Bates moved that the beer license #28860 granted the Bonanza Star

LICENSES  	on the 24th day of June, 1943 be revoked and that the application of C. R.

REVOKED AND  	Millheizer for permission to operate 5 slot machines in the Bonanza Star at

DENIED	416 Bonanza Road, Westside, be denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

AL DREW - CITY	Commissioner Bates moved	that the resignation of A1 Drew be accepted. Motion

ELECTRICIAN        seconded by Commissioner	Corradetti and carried by the following vote; 

RESIGNED	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem voting aye; Commissioner

Clark voted no.

HARRY H. AUSTIN	Commissioner Bates moved that the resignation of Harry H. Austin, City Attorney

CITY ATTORNEY  	be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the

RESIGNATION	following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem voting aye; noes none.

STENOGRAPHER'S	Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Austin be refunded $5.00 which he had expended

SALARY	 	personally on an action in the District Court and that the matter of the

CITY ATTORNEY’S  	secretary's salary be carried	over until such	time as discussion is had with

OFFICE	Mayor Cragin. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro
tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

LOUIS WIENER, JR. Commissioner Bates moved that Louis Wiener, Jr. be appointed, on a temporary
APPOINTED	  basis, as city attorney to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of

CITY ATTORNEY	Harry H. Austin, Esq. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried

by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

"THE OLD WEST"	Commissioner Bates moved that the retail tavern liquor license heretofore

APPLICATION	granted to "The Old West” at 16-18 Fremont Ave. be revoked and that the 

DENIED	application of Lou J. Warner for a gaming license at the same address be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye;
Commissioner Clark voted no.

JAKE ENSLEY	CAFE	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Jake Ensley for a slot

 	machine license at 220 N. 1st St. be granted and that the application of said

APPLICATION	party for 1 Poker game and 1 Crap game at the aforementioned address be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith
voting aye; noes none.

"STAR BAR"	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Earl Bennett for 

GAMING	 	permission to operate 4 slot machines at the "Star Bar" on Bonanza Road, Westside,	be

APPLICATION	 	denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates can carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem

voting aye; noes none.