FINANCIAL REPORT	Commissioner Smith moved that the Financial Report of the

City covering the period from January 1 to June 30, 1944
prepared by the City Auditor, and submitted by Mr. McCall,
be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	   Commissioner Smith moved that the City Attorney be instructed

to draw up an application directed to the State Finance 

Commission for permission to borrow $25,000. for the City Street
Department; further, that the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign said application when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PETITION:	  That certain petition and agreement, dated June 16, 1944, 

WOODLAND PARK ADDITION     addressed to the Board of City Commissioners signed by property

owners of Woodland Park Addition requesting the City to furnish
an adequate supply of water for domestic use, etc., having been
received and discussed, Commissioner Bates moved that the petition
be denied, and that the City Attorney be instructed to write to
the petitioners stating the position of the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

BUILDING CODE VIOLATION	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board of City Commissioners

approve the action taken by the City Manager in granting Roy
Buwbalow until August 12th to comply with the building code of
the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROPHYLAXIS STATION:	  City Manager, Charles C. McCall, made the following report on

WESTSIDE	the status of the Westside Prophylactic Station:

"Building purchased at cost of $255.

Army has been contacted and it has agreed to remove the
building.

Our cost will be approximately $500, as authorized.”

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FEDERAL PUBLIC HOUSING   Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be
AUTHORITY TAXES	authorized to execute that certain document entitled, 

"Authorization to Receive Money Disbursed by the United States of
America pursuant to Section 306 of Public Law 849, 76th Congress,
(54th Statute 1125 Lanham Act, as amended).

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ALTURAS AVENUE	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to

 	open, grade and gravel Alturas Avenue as shown on Drawing No.

B-101-D, on file in the Engineer's Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWER SYSTEM LEASE	  Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized

  to negotiate with the F. W. A. for the purpose of entering

into a lease agreement with the government for the sewer system; 
further, that he be authorized to offer them $1,000 a year as
rental, said rental to apply on the purchase price which will
be decided after the war.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT: INSTRUMENT	Commissioner Bates moved that that certain proposed agreement

LANDING SYSTEM, LOCALIZER     as submitted by the United States of America for an instrument
AND PATH UNIT.	  landing system, localizer and glide path unit at the Las Vegas

Airport be referred to the City Attorney for correction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.