Corradetti, to be reported upon at the next regular
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners May 22,

1945. Three copies of the above entitled ordinance
	were filed in the City Clerk’s Office.

STREET DEPARTMENT -	Commissioner Bates moved that Street Department

 Increase in Salaries      salary increases as per Report of April 30, 1945

by City Manager, Charles C. McCall to the City
Commission be approved. The increases are as follows:

Present	Approved

Salary	Salary

Assistant Foremen	$225.00	$250.00

Shovel Operator	225.00	240.00

Blade Operator	220.00	240.00

Sweeper	200.00	225.00

Commissioner Smith seconded the motion and	it was

carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

RECREATION FUNDS -	Commissioner Bates moved that funds in connection

Financial Arrangement    with the Recreation Department be administered in

accordance with the report dated May 3, 1945 as 

submitted to the Board of City Commissioners by City
Manager, Charles C. McCall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the vote following:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;

	Commissioner Clark.

CLARK COUNTY GENERAL      The report of the Clark County General Hospital 
HOSPITAL REPORT FOR	concerning patients treated during the month of April,

APRIL, 1945 - FILED -	1945 was ordered filed in the Office of City Manager.

GIBBONS & REED COMPANY Commissioner Bates moved that the City Auditor be
BID BOND REFUNDED -	authorized to prepare the warrant in the amount of

$1200.00, made payable to Gibbons & Reed Company.

Said warrant to replace a certified check in the same
amount which was deposited with the City Clerk as a
Bid Bond in connection with their contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;

	Commissioner Clark.

GIBBONS & REED COMPANY   Commissioner Bates moved that the bond furnished by
PERFORMANCE BOND     the Continental Casualty Company for Gibbons & Reed
ACCEPTED -	Company be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

HUNTRIDGE DEVELOPMENT	Petition signed by property owners in Huntridge, 

PETITION -	relative to the condition of streets was ordered filed

by Mayor E. W. Cragin. Action on this petition to
be postponed until the next regular meeting of the
	board on May 22, 1945.

HERNANDEZ PETITION -	Commissioner Bates moved that the	letter from Salvadora

Referred to Planning	Hernandez requesting authority to	operate a grocery

Commission	store at 410 Morgan Street on the Westside to be

referred to the Planning Commission for investigation
and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioner Corradetti, Smith,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

	Commissioner Clark.

SMITH-BEAM PETITION -    Commissioner Bates moved that the petition of J. D. Smith
Referred to Planning	and Estella Beam for the vacation	of Lewis Street,

Commission	between 8th and 9th streets be referred to the Planning

commission for investigation and report.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent;
Commissioner Clark