CIVIL AERONAUTICS	Remote receiving antenna site - Contract No. C6CA - 1802.

ADMINISTRATION	Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas grant a

license to Civil Aeronautics Administration for permission
to occupy land owned by the City of Las Vegas on which are
located receiving antenna poles and underground cable, part
of their DT Patrol Quarters facility. Said license to run
from July 1, 1943 to June 30, 1944 with an option for 

renewal; however, that no renewal shall extend beyond the 30th
day of June, 1954.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and
 	His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent,Commissioners Clark

and Smith.

ELECTRIC LAMP BIDS   Bids from the following companies for electric light lamps

were opened at this time:

Standard Wholesale Supply Co. - 5%, 10 proximo
McQuay’s Supply Company -	2%, 10 days net thirty

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Standard 

Wholesale Supply Company to furnish electric lamps for the period
June 8, 1944 to June 7, 1945, be accepted as this was the
lowest bid received.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Smith
and Clark.

STREET DEPARTMENT    Bids from the following companies for emulsified asphalt for
BIDS ON EMULSIFIED   surface treating of city streets were received at this time:

ASPHALT

Richfield Oil Company - $13.80 per ton, fob refinery at

Watson, California

American Bitumul Co. - $12.60 per ton, fob Inglewood, Cal.

Cardinal & Pisetta submitted the following quotation:

Penetration type 	RS - 1	$13.80	per	ton

Mixing type	NS-1	16.20

Slowfit type	SS-l	16.20

Slowfit type	SS-2	16.20	fob	Los Angeles, Cal.

Union Oil Company 6f California -

55-P-UPA 200-300 penetration $12.60 per ton
55-P-UPA 150-200	"	13.80	"	"

fob Wilmington, California

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Union Oil Company
and American Bitumul Company be accepted and material purchased
alternately in as equitable a manner as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

STREET DEPARTMENT    Bids from the following companies were opened at this time for
BIDS ON PEA GRAVEL   pea gravel for surface treatment of city streets:

Southern Nevada Industries, Ltd. $.90 per ton, net.

Martin Sand & Gravel Plant, Las Vegas, Nevada - $2.00 per ton,

less 5%, thirty days.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of Southern Nevada Industries,
Ltd., for pea gravel at $.90 per ton be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent Commissioners Clark and Smith.

GRAVEL CHIPS BID       There being just one bid returned for gravel chips, for use on

city streets, Commissioner Bates moved that said bid from Southern
Nevada Industries, Ltd. for gravel chips at $.90 per ton be 

accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent Commissioners Clark and Smith.

GARBAGE COLLECTION   The following schedule of collection fees for commercial and
FEES	industrial establishments was submitted to the Board for 

consideration, by the City Manager: