MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM	 A letter was read from the Little Theater Group requesting the use of

Little Theater Group	the auditorium in Memorial Hall to present a play on the nights of January

12, 13, 14, and 15 and stating that one of the nights would be given as
a benefit. Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that the Little Theater
Group's request be granted and that the rental be $35 per night except
on the night which is given as a benefit. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith,
Tinch, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TRAILER CAMPS	A letter addressed to Mayor Howell C. Garrison from Wright L. Felt,

regional engineer at N.H.A., regarding project Nev-26-123 Trailer Park at
Las Vegas, was read to the Board. The letter recommended that the project
be terminated. Commissioner Smith was instructed to answer said letter.

PURPLE HEART TOBACCO FUND   A letter was read from the Purple Heart Tobacco Fund requesting the

City to donate $63 for cigarettes to be furnished to disabled veterans.

The City Clerk was instructed to answer the letter and inform them that
no appropriation had been made whereby such donations could be taken care
of.

TRAFFIC LAQUER	Bids from the following firms on traffic laquer were opened at this

Von Tobel Bid	time:	Woitishek Lumber Co. $869.50,Von Tobel Lumber Co. $878.00. Both

 bids required an A-10 rating. Commissioner Clark moved that the Von Tobel
Lumber Co. bid be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PRIORITY RATING	 Commissioner Clark moved that M. Cazier be appointed to handle priority

M. Cazier Appointed	 rating. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

 COAL SHORTAGE	A letter from the National Ice Co. was read calling the attention of

the Board to the critical shortage of coal in this area and asking their
  support in obtaining coal from Camp Willitson at Boulder City, Nevada.

 Commissioner Smith made a motion that the request of the National Ice
Co. be granted and that a letter be written to the Commanding General
at Fort Douglas, Utah acquainting him with the coal shortage situation
and asking him to authorize Captain Lovejoy of Camp Willitson,in
writing, to divert government coal to this area for use in Las Vegas
and vicinity. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch made a motion that this meeting adjourn until 6:30 P.M., January 16, 1943. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk
Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Commissioner’s Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Tuesday,
the 12th day of January, 1943 at the hour of 3:00 P.M., to act upon the following business:

1. The issuing of a license to the Northern Club

_____Pat Clark___________

Commissioner

M. C. Tinch________

Commissioner

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING	

TO:	Howell C. Garrison, and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, A. F. Smith, Sr., and A. P. Rubidoux,

Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada.	

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call this day issued by

Commissioners Pat Clark and M. C. Tinch a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Commissioner’s Council Chamber in the
War Memorial Building on Tuesday, the 12th day of January, 1943 at the hour of 3:00 P.M.,
to consider the following:

1. The issuing of a license to the Northern Club

_____Helen Scott Reed____

City Clerk