

ZONE EXCEPTION CASE #19

V. G. Huff — Lot 1
Block 13 H.P.M. & N
Addition

Upon motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner 

Corradetti and carried by unanimous vote the following recommendation of
the Planning Board relative to Zone Exception Case No. 19 was approved:

November 5
19	46

Honorable Mayor and
Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case No. 19

J. E. Huff, Lot 1, Block 13
H. F. M. & N Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable Board adopt an
order approving the recommendation of the joint planning commission that
the above petitioner be granted permission to use the property indicated above
for limited commercial use. Such property is located on the North East Corner
of Madison and F Streets in residential zone No. 5, as legally described in
the petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in the office of the
planning commission.

It is further recommended that your order include the following con-
ditions:

1.	That the limited commercial use be permitted to include only the
sale of ice cream, soft drinks and sandwichs for the convenience
of the immediate neighborhood and church members as requested,
but not to include complete restaurant and food establishment
services.

2.	That there be no alteration of the residential character of the
premises in connection therewith.

3.	That no signs or advertising devices relative thereto be displayed.

4.	That the approved use be permitted only in accordance with any other
state laws or local ordinances, regulations and requirements.

This petition involving property legally described thereon and
classified in residential zone No. 5 was presented to and reviewed by 

members of the joint planning commission on October 29, 1946. After 

consideration of all factual data before the commission, it was determined that the
exception here recommended under the conditions set forth was consistent
with the intent and purpose of the city zoning ordinance.

Respectfully Yours,

LAS VEGAS — CLARK COUNTY
JOINT PLANNING COMMISSION

s/ C. G. Petrie

CGP: GM	Planning Engineer

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting recess until Friday
December 13, 1946 at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none:	Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 13, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 13th day of December, 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioner Baskin, Clark and 

Corradetti; City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Bates,

City Manager T. E. Fennessy, and City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall.