BATHHOUSES -- Agreement
Richard Stadleman

VACATION - Claud C.
Sargent

GAMING & LIQUOR ----

Applications Granted

LEASE AGREEMENT - U.S.
GOVERNMENT PROPHYLAXIS
STATION -- Westside

KING JEWELRY —

Pawn Shop Application

COOLIDGE STREET

BAPTIST CHURCH BUILDING
Removal

SOUTHERN NEVADA IND. Ltd
RE:	License

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign that certain agreement made the 15th day of
May by and between the City of Las Vegas and Richard Stadleman
AIA for architectural services on a bathhouse building at Las
Vegas, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Claud C.

Sargent for a thirty to sixty day leave of absence without pay
beginning July 1 of this year be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The following applications were presented to the Board for
their consideration:

Mom's Lunch	1400	Fremont	Street   Rose Anzuloni	Retail	Res.	Beverage

Shamrock Cafe	1501	South 5th	Connie Baez	Retail	Res.	Beverage

Silver St. News Stand	117	South	2nd	L. P. Lawrence	3	slots

Silver Club	108	North	1st	John H. Blanford	1	Poker

Corey's Fine Foods	402	Fremont	Gus D. Corey	1	Slot

Sav-On-Liquor Store	504	North	Main	L. M. Wilson	1	Slot

Mom's Lunch	1400	Fremont	Rose Anzuloni	2 Slots

Sal Sagev Restaurant	5 Fremont	A. Kroloff	1 Slot

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing applications be
granted and authorize the City Clerk to issue licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas enter into
an agreement with the U. S. Government for the leasing of the
building heretofore used as a prophylaxis station on Westside
for an annual rental of $1.00 and the Mayor and City Clerk are
hereby authorized to sign said agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An application from the King Jewelry Company, 108 Fremont Street
signed by its new manager Irwin Litchtig for a loan shop license
was referred to the Police Department for recommendation.

A petition signed by several property holders in the vicinity of
Coolidge Street heretofore vacated by the City of Las Vegas 

requesting that the vacation be set aside was presented to Mr.

Cragin by Fred Callihan, who In turn referred said petition to
the City Attorney for an opinion.

 At this time a letter dated May 23, 1946 addressed to Mr. O. J.
Morling, Building Inspector and signed by F. C. Carpenter was
presented to the Board requesting that zone exception be made
allowing him to move the Baptist Church building now located
at 7th & Fremont to the North-East Corner of 7th and Ogden Streets.

Thereafter Commissioner Baskin moved that said petition be 

referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This 7th day of June, 1946 the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas having completed its deliberations on the petitions
to declare the business of Southern Nevada Industries Ltd., to be
a public nuisance and to revoke its license, Commissioner Clark
moved that the following order be made:

ORDER

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas having been petitioned by 

residents and property owners of the locality affected to declare the operation of the 

business of Southern Nevada Industries, Ltd., near the northwest corner of Charleston 

Boulevard and Main Street, in the City of Las Vegas, to be a public nuisance, to cause its