There being no farther business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Clark moved the meeting adjourn until
June 22nd, 1944, at the hour of 2:00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none; Absent, Commissioner Smith.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 22, 1944

  At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
twenty-second day of June, 1944. Meeting called to order by His
Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2.10 p.m. with the 

following members present: Commissioners Bates and Corradetti; City

Attorney, Louis C. Wiener, Jr.; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed; 

absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith. (City Manager, Charles C.

McCall)

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners held June seventh, be approved by
reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

PAYROLL WARRANTS	 Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 124 to 132, 

APPROVED	inclusive, in the sum of $13,822.90, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

SERVICE AND	  Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 134

MATERIAL WARRANTS      in the sum of $3,096.71 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent,Commissioners Clark and Smith.

At this time, Mayor Cragin ordered the City Manager’s Report for the
month of May, the report of the Clark County Health Department for
the month of May filed; also, the Statement of Funds Received, 

Disbursements and Balances for the period of January 1, 1944 to May 31,
1944, submitted by Mr.George,Wood, filed.

SHADOW STREET	  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to make

RIGHT-OF-WAY	    the necessary survey in regard to Shadow Street in Woodland Park 

addition, as presented by the Board of County Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

LIBERTY SHIP	 Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to notify

"LAS VEGAS"	the Maritime Commission that the City of Las Vegas will furnish a

library for the Liberty Ship, "Las Vegas", and that the wife of Mayor
E.W. Cragin be appointed to launch said ship.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

UNITED STATES ARMY   Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas grant the request
GARBAGE DUMP	of the United States Army for the use of the following described parcel

of ground; TheSW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 28, Township 19 South, Range
62 East, for garbage disposal purposes, with the understanding that said
plot of ground will be left in a clean and sanitary condition at the
termination of said agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.