GAMING APPLICATIONS

Granted

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following
gaming applications he granted.

Red Ball Richfield Station   629 S. Main	1	Slot

Hernandez Grocery	410 Morgan	1	Slot

Harold's Drive Inn	600 N. Main	1	Slot

Overland Liquor Store	6 Fremont St.	2	Slots

Overland Bar	2 Fremont	1	Slot

Monte Carlo	18 Fremont	2	poker

1 faro
1 pan
1 crap

Fifth Street Liquor	727 S. Fifth	1	Slot

RETAIL RESTAURANT BEVERAGE
Poney Express Cafe

BIDS—Police Cars

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of
Earl E. Wilson for a retail restaurant beverage
license for the Pony Express Cafe, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried
by the following vote; commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time, the bid of Archie Grant on Four Police
Cars, which was the only bid received, was opened,
and is as follows:

Four (4) - 4 door Deluxe Sedans per following specifications or equal:

Each ................................ $1197.85

(a)	100 HP Motor

(b)	120 Ampere Hour Battery (price not available.)

(c)	Generator to cut in at approximately 6 MPH
and deliver full charging rate of not less
than 35 AH at 12 MPH. (price not available.)

(d)	4-6 Ply first grade tires (Cars come with

4 tires only.)	(Each	Car).........	20.30

(e)	Puncture proof	tubes	(Each	Car).........	37.00

(f)	Heavy Canvas seat covers	(Each	Car)..............  42.50

(g)	Hot water type	heater	(Each	Car).............. 30.00

(h)	Bullet type standard siren, roof mounting (Price not Avail.)

(i)	2 spot lights, right and left, post mounting, inside

control	(Each)....... 		15.00

(j)	Front and rear bumper with 2 bumper guards each

(Each)............ ...........   6.50

(k)	Beige finish (This color not available at present)

At this time, no action was taken on the bid and
it was ordered tabled.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to sign the escrow agreement on
the Police Station when it is approved by the City.
Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bates
and Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney
be directed to draw upon a contract between the
City of Las Vegas and Richard Stadelman for
architectural work on the Police Station at a
figure not to exceed 7% over all.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark and His Honor voting aye; and Commissioner
Corradetti passed his vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney
be instructed to draw up a resolution thanking Mr.
Ted Konduris for the lot the City recently 

acquired from him and that said resolution be spread
on the minutes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried
by the following vote: Commissi oners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by
Commissioner Baskin and carried unanimously, the
following resolution was accepted and order made:

POLICE STATION ESCROW

CONTRACT - Mr. Stadelman

RESOLUTION OF THANKS
Ted Konduris

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED
Ted Konduris