Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the
recommendation of the City Manager regarding the Recreation
funds by turning over to the Clark County Recreation Board
the balance of the money left in the Lee's Canyon Fund,
and dividing the money in the City-County Recreation Trust
Fund between the City and County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission re:	Zone Case No. 12, Nevada 

Biltmore Hotel Lots 8 & 9, Block 4, Biltmore Addition, be
approved with the following conditions:

(1)	That the use of said property be limited only
to the use requested in the applicant's petition,
that is: hotel employees living quarters and linen
storage.

(2)	That any building or structure erected on said
property comply with all requirements, laws and
regulations of the City of Las Vegas with regard to
the erection, alteration and moving or use of said
property or structures.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that a warrant for $10,800.00
be drawn and placed in escrow for payment of the Police
Station Site.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti
passed his vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City offer the Las Vegas
Land and Water Company $2,500.00 for an outright purchase
of the Land on which the old fire station now stands, and
accompany same with a proper resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the tire bids be awarded on
an equal money basis to all of the bidders.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City be authorized to
purchase seven pieces of surplus equipment for the Garbage
Disposal Department, and that proper purchase orders be
made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Commission go on
record requesting that Kelso-Turner Terrace be designated
as a permanent housing unit together with the present
permanent housing unit in Kelso-Turner Terrace No. 1.

That the entire tract be operated on a rental basis under
the supervision of the Clark County Housing Authority.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Girl Scouts of the City
of Las Vegas be granted the use of one of the CCC Buildings.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following gaming
applications be approved and licenses issued:

L.	M.	Wilson	114½ No. 1st	1	 slot

M.	Bernstein	2nd & Fremont	1	 "21"game

Frank	Lancaster    402 W. Bonanza	1	 Slot

M.	B. Page	25 Fremont	1 	Roulette

RECREATION DEPARTMENT
FUNDS

ZONE CASE NO. 12

POLICE STATION SITE
Payment Therefor

LAND PURCHASE—

Fire Station Site

TIRE BIDS AWARDED

DISPOSAL DEPARTMENT
Equipment Purchase
Authorized

KELSO-TURNER TERRACE

CCC BUILDING—

Girl Scouts

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Pioneer News Service
Rex Club
B. & H Grocery
Pioneer Club