STREETS & HIGHWAYS
South Main Street
Extension

PETITION: Re:

York Building

GAMING & LIQUOR
APPLICATIONS

PROPOSED TAXI
ORDINANCE

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

 Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following recommendation re:
the vacation of Cincinnati Street be approved:



"In view of the fact that this vacation may materially effect the Street and
Highway plan in the area and subdivision platting now being done in that
locality, it is recommended that this vacation or any action on the vacation
be held in abeyance until such time as platting plans in this area have been
completed and a final record map filed. When a final subdivision map for this
area has been approved and recorded this petition will again be considered
for final action." *-



*- As per letter of recommendation from the Planning Commission, July 22, 1946.

Further that the owners be notified of this action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approved the 

recommendation of the Planning Commission relative to the extension of
South Main Street in accordance with their letter of July 22,

1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark,

Commissioner Baskin moved that that first petition filed in the
office of City Clerk on July 15, 1946 addressed to the Mayor
and Board of City Commissioners requesting that a Building
Permit heretofore issued by O. J. Morling to one Harvey L.

York be revoked, be referred to the City Attorney for 

recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent* Commissioner Clark.

The following Gaming & Liquor applications were presented to
the Board for their recommendation:

Ethel's Liquor Store	424 Fremont	B. Salzman & F. Gordon	1 slot

J. D. Drive In	418 Madison	J. D. Evans	Retail Res. Bev.

Key Hole Liquor Store	828½ So. Main	Victor Whittlesea	2	slots

Thrifty Market Groc.	Main & Charleston L.S. Bunzel	1 slot

Tom’s Liquor Store	1027 So. Main	L. S. Bunzel	l slot

Bobbie’s Cafe	506 No. Main	Archie M. Bell	2	slots

Bonanza Bar	416 W. Bonanza	Chester L. Pate	3	slots

Wilshire Ser. Sta.	901 Fremont	T.	I. Mason	1	slot

Master Cleaners	601 So. 5th	L.	S. Bunzel	1	slot

Vera’s Sandwich	Shop	E &	Jackson	Lee Hughes	1	slot

Richfield Ser. Sta.	3rd & Fremont	H.	Simmons	2	slots

Couch's Signal Ser.	401 Fremont	H.	Simmons	2	slots

Blue Cab	127 No. Main	H.	Simmons	1	slot

Round Up, Inc.	5th & Main	R.	T. Baskin	6	slots

Betty’s Cafe	1039 So. Main L. J. Grossman	3 slots

Ted & Dot’s Cafe	614	So. 5th	Ted Patton	2	slots

City Drug	213	Fremont	A. Kroloff	2	slots

Nevada Bar	116No. 1st	A. Kroloff	1	slot

Las Vegas Club	23 Fremont	J. K. Houssels	Big 6 Wheel

Cornet Store	204 Fremont	S.	R. Dole	3	slots

Round Up Drive In	So. 5th & Main	R.	T. Baskin	3	slots

Lincoln Grocery	1502 So. 5th	L.	S. Bunzel	2	slots

5th St. Cafe	1503 So. 5th	L.	S. Bunzel	1	slot

Texaco Silver State Ser. 5th & Fremont	B.	Salzman & F. Gordon	1	slot

Cornet's 5-10-25¢ Store   205 Fremont	L.	S. Bunzel	1	slot

Commissioner Baskin moved that the foregoing applications be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His 

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be directed to
draw up an ordinance on the operation of taxis within the City
of Las Vegas along the line of their opinion rendered as of
this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his vote.

Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

STREETS & HIGHWAYS
Cincinnati Street-
Vacation