Pioneer Rubber Co.

American Rubber Co.

Eureka Fire Hose Co.

This being the only bid received, Commissioner Smith
moved that the bid of the Eureka Fire Hose Company
be accepted subject to the approval of the F. W. A.,
and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be 
authorized to. institute all necessary proceedings in
connection with the vacation of Fourteenth Street,
described as follows;

"The easterly fifteen feet of Fourteenth Street
abutting Lots Nos. 1, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11, of Block 19,

Ladd Addition to Las Vegas," as recommended by the Planning
Commission at a regular meeting January 30, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

A letter was received from the Pioneer Construction Company
under date of May 15, 1945, requesting approval of the
following changes on the firestation job:

1)	Due to the fact that it will be necessary to wash the
walls and floor of the toilet room periodically, it was
suggested that cement base be used in lieu of wood
base as now specified. The cost of this change for
both stations will be thirty-three dollars ($33.00)

2)	No allowance has been made in plans for a starter course
for roof tile on fire stations. The additional cost
for the above gable rakes, as per Robert’s Roofing
Company quotation is $155.00 plus ten percent of a total
of $170.00.

3)	There was no provision made for access doors and cat-
walks in the attics of the fire station job. This
work is essential in order to have access to any
trouble that may develop in any of the mechanical work
installed in the attic, The additional cost for the
above outlined work will be $77.00.

There after Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing be
approved and authorized the Mayor to sign and initial said
changes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be 

instructed to bring condemnation proceedings against Mrs. Pauline
Kline for the acquisition of right-of-way on North 14th and
15th Streets and Charleston Boulevard and a certain portion
of Clark Street, as outlined on City Drawings No. 1000.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

agreement with the United States of America for permission to
use certain right-of-way for road purposes and electric
pole lines as indicated on exhibit A attached to their
letter of May 10, 1945. Said consideration to be in the
sum of One Dollar ($1.00).

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT - United States
Government

CONDEMNATION PROCEEDINGS
Right of Way -

CHANGE ORDERS - Fire
Station

VACATING OF 14th
STREET 

2½ Inch	1½ Inch

Per Ft. TOTAL	Per Ft. TOTAL

No Bid	No Bid

No Bid	No Bid

$1.30	$1300	$ .90	$900