and the use of city cars in other departments other than their own. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

REPORT -	Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,

Smith - cont.	none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Board of City Commissioners
sustain the Chief of Police in his action of lifting a chauffeur's
license from a local chauffeur. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

BIDS:	Bids from the following firms on a car for the recreation department

Car - recreation    were opened at this time. Porter & Baskin bid on 1941 Station Wagon

Dept.	 Plymouth, $1,495.00. Sam Jones bid on 1939 Ford Station Wagon, $892.50.

Chevrolet Company unable to bid.

Commissioner Tinch moved that upon recommendation of the city mechanic

RECREATION DEPT.	that the bid of Sam Jones be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Station wagon	  Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

purchased.	Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the established practice be sanctioned
by the Board of Commissioners and all officers and employees of the

POLICE DEPT:	 Police Department shall be allowed one day each out of seven, without

6 day week.	 deduction in pay therefor but shall be subject to call for duty at any

time during such period should an emergency necessitating the presence
of such officers or employees arise. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

VACATING ALLEY	Commissioner Tinch moved that November 4th, 1942 at the hour of 7:30

Ladd Addition       P.M., be set for hearing of protests on vacating a certain alley in

Block 20, Ladd Addition to the City of Las Vegas. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

BOOSTER STATION:	 A letter was read from Harold Case, Fire Chief, regarding the 

                          installation of a booster station for the Las Vegas Gas Company on N.

Fifth Street, and Ordered filed. The clerk was instructed to write
to the fire underwriter regarding the matter.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT:	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Board sanction the action of the

 Health Department in closing certain cafe's on Westside until they
meet the sanitary requirements of the city. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,
none.	

SWITCH BOARD	 A letter was read from A. L. Drew regarding the installation of a

switch board in the west wing of the War Memorial Building. Same
was ordered filed.

PETITION.	Commissioner Tinch moved that the petition of Beatrice Brown be

Beatrice Brown      approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by

  the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,
acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

 as of Oct, 1st,

DEPUTY	Commissioner Tinch moved that La Vera Murphy be hired as of Oct, 1st

Clerks office       in the office of the city clerk at a salary of $125.00 per month. 

And that the following wage scale be adopted. First three months at 

$125.00 per month, then a raise to $140 and after one years service 

$150 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried 

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, 

acting Mayor, Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CEMETERY	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a demand be drawn for the purchase

10 acres purchased  of 10 acres of land for additional cemetery space from the Las Vegas

Land & Water Company at an agreed price of $3000.00. Motion seconded
  by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
	Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes,

none.

GAMING LICENSES	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the following renewals of gaming

Renewals	licenses be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried 

   By the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,
acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Ethel's Liquor Store - 28 Fremont	1 slot machine

"	"	" 411 "	1	"	"

Bill's Lunch		216 N. Main	1	"	"

Mac Donald Hotel	208	N. 5hh	2	slot	 machines	

El Patio Hotel	115	N. 2nd	2   "	"	

Albert Goot	770	Fremont	6	"	"	

White Spot Cafe	109	"	8	"	"

Town Barbecue	506	"	5	"	"

Kiva Bar	2nd	& Fremont	8	"	"

Apache Cafe	"	"	3	"	"

Apache Bar	"	"	12	"	"

Oasis Cafe	123		"	3	"	"

Purdy Texaco	3rd	& Fremont	1  "	"

Charleston Hotel	119	s. 1st	1	"	"

Las Vegas Liquor Store 812	Fremont	1	"	"

Associated Service	5th	& Carson	1	"	"

Cut Rate Liquor	132	S. 5th	2	"	"

State Cafe	20 Fremont	4	"	"

Frontier Club	117	"	1 	Hazard

Clark’s Market	1500	"	8	slot 	machines

Cinnabar	105	S. 1st	3	"	"