Mr. Jones stated that there had been no showing made that any
person's health or safety had been impaired by the operation
of the plant.

Mr. Graves stated that he was willing to produce any of the
objectors and have them testify in front of the Commission.

At this time Mayor Cragin stated that all the members of the
Board were familiar with the conditions.

Commissioner Clark asked what part of Southern Nevada Industries
Ltd. was moving; at which time Mr. H. W. Polk, owner of Southern
Nevada Industries Ltd., stated that the industry is now for sale,
but that the transmix and silo had been sold to Las Vegas 

Building and Materials Co., Also, when Mr. Henderson, the owner of
the aforementioned business moved his property off, it would
take away most of the nuisance complained of and that Southern
Nevada Industries Ltd. would remove the ramp which should be
accomplished within the next forty-five days. At this time the
plant is not in operation due to lack of parts, but should be in
operation this week. Mr. Polk also stated that if the plant does
not work out as he expects it to and should prove to be a hazard
to health and safety that he will come before the Board asking:
them to designate a location suitable to move the plant to,
and that he would do so.

Commissioner Bates stated at this time that his experience has
taught him that plants of this nature could be a hazard to
health.

Commissioner Corradetti said that if the plant should be
found to be a menace to health and safety that the Board would
be obligated to revoke the license.

At this time Mr. Polk made a statement regarding the 

installation of his oil tanks at the place of business of Southern
Nevada Industries Ltd. He said that he had installed them
above ground and that at the present time they were full,
after which he was notified by the City that they had to be
underground, or be surrounded by sufficient dikes as provided
for by the Fire Prevention Code of the City of Las Vegas; and
that as soon as the tanks were empty, which should take about
thirty days, he would put them underground as required by
ordinance.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until 2 p.m., June 7, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 7th day of June, 1946, Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m. with the 

following members present: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney, C.
Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of May 22 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 784 to 792
inclusive and 799 in the net sum of $20,404.45 which includes
the check for Leo Callihan for the month of May in the sum of

$90.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to