WILSHIRE SERVICE STATION
Gaming Application



ZONE CASE No. 15
C. M. Lisenbee

PERMIT — Public Utilities
Bonanza Village

GAMING APPLICATIONS

SEWERAGE WORKS ASSOCIATION
Monterey, California
Delegate to Convention

QUITCLAIM DEED —
Extension of Oakey Blvd.

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of May, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 19th
day of January, 1943, executed by Lascelle Reserve de Basily, Joseph F. Haggerty,

Emilie G. Haggerty, New York and Las Vegas Investment Co., the Overton Syndicate
Ltd. to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bates duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously the following resolution was
adopted and order made: 

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of May, 1946, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
5th day of February, 1943, executed by Jessie N. Hunt to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board,

Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. George Treem be sent to
Monterey, California, June 9, 10, and 11 to attend a convention
of the Sewerage Workers Association and that he be allowed
expenses not to exceed $50.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent: Mayor Cragin.

The following applications for gaming licenses were presented
to the Board at this time for their consideration:

Corey's Fine Foods	A. Kroloff	402	Fremont	2	slots

Corey's Fine Foods	Gus D. Corey	402	Fremont	1	slot

Nevada Bar	A.	Kroloff	115	No.	1st	1	slot

Rex Club	M.	M. Bernstein	128	Fremont	1	Poker

Savoy Grill	L.	P. Lawrence	620	So.	5th	2	slots

Round-Up Tavern	James Lyons	501	Jackson	1	slot

Tivoli Bar	A. Kroloff	126 No. 1st	 	1 slot

Esquire Bar	A.	Kroloff	120	So.	1st	1	slot

Bobbie's Cafe	T.	R. Patten	502	No.	Main	1	slot

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing applications be
granted and the City Clerk be directed to issue City licenses
for same. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Norvelle R.
Snyder for a license for one slot machine at the Wilshire
Service Station at 9th & Fremont Street be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

recommendation of the Planning Commission to permit a zone
exception for commercial use of lots 21 and 22, Block 6,
Meadows Addition, in accordance with conditions stipulated
in said recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and
His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the 

Planning Commission for a special permit be approved; permitting
the use of a portion of Lot 5, Block 7, Bonanza Village for
the installation of a transformer station by the Public
Utility Company, furnishing service to that area, and that
such approval be issued on the conditions contained in the
said recommendation.