Las Vegas Distributing Co., 508 S. Main St., wholesale liquor license
and importers beverage liquor license. Bill's Lunch, 215 N. Main St.,
retail beverage license. Desert Inn, 1503 S. Fifth St., retail beverage
license. Charleston Grocery, Charleston & Main, retail beverage license.
Ethel's Liquor Store #2, 411 Fremont St., sealed package liquor license.
Ethel’s Liquor Store #1, 218 Fremont St., importers beverage liquor license
and retail tavern liquor license. Dick's Bar, 118 N. First St., retail
beverage license. White Spot Cafe, 109 Fremont St., retail beverage
license. Tip's Barbecue, 1516 S. Fifth St., retail beverage license.

Log Cabin Bar, 122 N. First St., retail tavern liquor license. Verna's
Grill, 121 S. Fifth St., retail beverage license. Spic & Span Cafe,
retail beverage license. Nevada-Biltmore Hotel, retail tavern liquor
license. Kiva Bar, 131 Fremont St., retail tavern liquor license.

Apache Bar, back room, retail tavern liquor license.

The application of James J. Adras for a retail beverage license, 127 S.
First St., was referred to the police.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of Thomas Roach
for a slot machine license at 215 N. Main St., be granted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners 
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Fred Stevens for a slot
machine license at 625 S. Fifth St., in the Kreger Oil Station, be	

granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of L. P. Lawrence for a slot machine license in Jimmie’s
Bar was referred to the Police Department. Commissioner Tinch moved that
the application of the Tivoli Tavern for retail tavern liquor license be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Tivoli Tavern for 

a slot machine license at 126 N. First St., be granted. Motion seconded 

by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the following applications be granted for
the first quarter of 1943 and the Clerk should notify them that the
applications wi11 not be renewed after that date; Motion seconded by  

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none:

- Oklahoma Cafe, 220 N. First St., sealed package liquor license.

C. F. Reid, 224 N. First St., 1 poker, 1 crap. Oklahoma Cafe, 220 N.

First St., 1 slot machine, 1 poker, 1 crap. L. P. Lawrence, 200 N. First
St., 1 slot machine.

The application of Pearl's Cafe at 224 N. First St., for retail beverage 

license was held up pending recommendation by the Health Department.  

ORDINANCE 282	An ordinance titled "An Ordinance to Amend Ordinance 201" is an ordinance

regulating the slaughtering of animals and sanitary conditions of all

Second Reading	places extending food and refreshments to the public; providing for the

inspection of meat and meat products to be possessed and sold in the city
of Las Vegas; prohibiting the sale and possession of uninspected meat
for human food; authorizing the appointment of Meat Inspector; 

prohibiting the sale of meat and meat products by unlicensed establishments 

and providing a penalty for the violation thereof, which was read to the
Board for a second time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said
Ordinance 282. Motion was seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE 281	It appearing that Ordinance 281 which was read to the Board for the first

time December 16, 1942 was not in proper legal form, Commissioner Smith
made a motion that the former motion pertaining to proposed Ordinance 281
be recinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His  

Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Thereafter, proposed Ordinance 281
entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas regulating the keeping
and storage of gasoline, benzine, kerosene or any product of petroleum or
hydro-carbon liquids which will flash or emit an inflammable vapor at a
temperature below 110°Farenheit, in larger than ten gallon above-ground
containers, in the city of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the
violation thereof, was read to the Board for the first time. Commissioner
Smith moved the approval and adoption of Ordinance 281. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

A. W. BLACKMAN	A letter was read from Mr. A. W. Blackman regarding a claim against the  

CLAIM	City for extra services performed as City Auditor. After some discussion,

it was decided to lay the matter over to give Mr. Blackman a chance to
appear before the Board in his own behalf.