LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 8th, 1942
7:30 P.M.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 8th day of
September, 1942. Meeting called to order by his Honor Howell C. Garrison with the
following members present:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. City Attorney,

Paul Ralli. City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Reading of the minutes of the meeting of September 4th were dispensed with until the
meeting of the l6th.

A. F. Smith, Sr., was appointed to sign the register sheets in the absence of Commissioner
Clark.

Bids on tires and tubes were opened at this time from the following firms:

James Cashman 4 tires      $162.44	4 tubes   $21.21

Silver State Service ”	144.38	4	”	19.16

Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of the Silver State Service be accepted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The bid and alternate bid of the Western Air Express for the lobby and cafe at the West 

Airport Administration Building was discussed.

Mr. Hugh W. Coburn appeared before the Board on behalf of the Western Air Express.

After some discussion the Mayor appointed Commissioners Tinch and Rubidoux to look into
the matter thoroughly and submit a report and recommendations at the next regular meeting.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the agreement between the city of Las Vegas and the Los
Angeles & Salt Lake Railroad Company covering furnishing of electricity to City’s Police
Department radio system and fire devices, in case of black-outs or other failure of supply from
the present source in Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada be accepted and the Mayor and city
clerk directed to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried 
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Mark S. Schulman for package liquor license
and retail beverage at 1500 Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch 
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The application of George Miller for a retail beer license was tabled. 

Letters from the following named persons requesting that their names be withdrawn from 
a certain petition protesting the removal of David Mackey, as Chief of Police, were
read:

S. Fauria; Charles Patterson; A. L. Frederick; George Ullom, W. W. Cole, Dennis Tuckness,

John R. McKelvey, R. C. Dunlap, Fred L. Moran, George Thompson, Harry LaFaver, James Harford,

J.	Duncan, Louis D. Truax, Eather M. Leavitt, Edward A. Davis, and Woody Pierce.

The Report of the city attorney was read. Commissioner Smith moved that said Report be
adopted including the appointment of Mr. Harvey Dickerson as deputy city attorney. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the city engineer as submitted be accepted
and adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the request of the American Legion to sponsor a carnival
for fourteen days in the parking space in front of the City Ball Park be granted. However,
because of the fact that the race meet starts September 27th, the carnival will have to 
be out of the park by the 26th of September. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Smith moved that anyone in the future who wishes to have the use of any city property
for carnivals, shows, dances, etc., place their request in writing, to the Board at least
ten days before they expect to use said property. Motion died for want of a second.

Letters from Mrs. Edith Sandall and Ione Flickinger protesting parking of trucks on certain
city streets were read and same were referred to the city attorney.

A certain petition signed by property owners regarding installation of sewers in a certain
district was read and referred to the resident engineer on the sewer project.

It appearing that no protests had been filed against obtaining an emergency loan. Commissioner
Rubidoux moved that the following Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing of cash to meet
the payroll of the city employees and other current expenses of operating the city government
under the 1942 budget, pending the collection of the tax levy, 1942, and quarterly installment
of which will begin December, 1942.



AND WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an emergency loan:

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners that said city do borrow
the sum of Seventy-five Thousand ($75,000.00) Dollars, (or whatever part thereof the