WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has grown to such an extent that the operation of a Bus Line in said City would be a great benefit to said City and
the inhabitants thereof,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas that we petition and memorialize the Legislature of the State
of Nevada at its Forty-first Session thereof, to pass an Act, amending the
said Charter of the City of Las Vegas, so as to empower the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

To grant an exclusive franchise to any person, firm, association or
corporation, to operate and maintain a Bus Line in the City of Las Vegas,
such franchise to be granted only upon terms which shall be advantageous
to the City of Las Vegas and giving said Board the right to fix rates or
fares to be charged by the person, firm, association or corporation procuring
such franchise, and be it further

RESOLVED that a certified copy hereof be forwarded to the Clark County
Legislative delegation, consisting of the Senator and four Assembly-men from
the County of Clark.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that the foregoing resolution be adopted
and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

LEGISLATIVE BODY	Commissioner Tinch made	a motion that a legislative committee be appointed

APPOINTED	from this body to draft	all matters to be taken to the legislature.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none. Thereafter His Honor appointed Commissioner Smith, Rubidoux and
Clark and City Attorney, Harry H. Austin on said Committee.

REPORT:	Commissioner Smith read	a written report prepared by himself covering

COMMISSIONER	seven different matters	which are on file in the City Clerk's Office.

SMITH	 Commissioner Smith also reported on his investigation of the collection of

 milk inspection fees. Commissioner Clark made a motion that all requisition
books outstanding be turned in to the Purchasing Agent on the last day of
January, 1943 and that a $25.00 petty cash fund be established at the Police
Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

Commissioner Tinch voted no.

TIME CLOCK	Commissioner Smith moved that bids be let on a time clock for the Street

BIDS LET	 Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the

following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

BOOKKEEPING SUPPLIES Commissioner Smith made a motion that bids be let for the necessary equip-
ment and bookkeeping supplies to put the books in proper condition. Motion
 seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commission-

ers Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

LIGHT BULBS	Commissioner Smith made a motion that all street light globes and/or bulbs

be numbered and dated for installation and/or replacement properly recorded
in a manner to be designated by the Purchasing Agent which will provide
 justification for filing a claim against the manufacturer in event they fail
 to meet the guaranteed hours of service which they are designed to give.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none,

RESOLUTION	The following resolution was presented to the Board for their consideration.

Resolution

WHEREAS the United States of America through its Federal Works Agency is
constructing a sewage collection system in the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS that certain portion of this construction, lying along the South
boundary of Lot Fourteen (14), Block Twenty-three (23) in the Boulder
Addition of the City of Las Vegas, has been prevented as a result of
inability to secure right-of-way across this parcel of real property, and

WHEREAS the owner of the real property lying on the South side of this
line has offered to deed to the City of Las Vegas the necessary right-
of-way and in addition he has offered to deed to the City of Las Vegas
his portion of a street which will provide the desired connection between
South Fifth Street and Oakey Boulevard, as dedicated in the Huntridge
Tract of the City of Las Vegas

NOW THEREFORE be it resolved that the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas do hereby agree, for and in consideration of the deed to the
property described in papers attached hereto, to open up and maintain a
street along this property and to free this property of any trespass which
may exist or be attempted at any time in the future.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted and
approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.