AUDITORS' REPORT	Commissioner Bates moved that the report on the

CITY CLERK'S OFFICE	 	audit of account of the City of Las Vegas for the

calendar year 1943, as submitted by George H. Wood,
be accepted and filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, 

	Commissioners Clark and Smith.

DEPUTY CITY CLERK HIRED	Commissioner Bates moved that Thomas E. Fennessy be

hired as Deputy City Clerk to act as auditor and
purchasing agent at a salary of 1375.00, per month.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Corradetti and

Bates and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent,
Commissioners Clark and Smith.

HOUSE MOVING - PERMITS REQUIRED       Commissioner Bates moved that before permits to bring

buildings into the City of Las Vegas are issued, parties
desiring to move such structures into the City of Las
Vegas must, in addition to posting a bond as heretofore,
present to the Building Inspector priorities necessary
to complete structures intended to be moved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners
Clark and Smith.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
recess until Thursday, June 29th, at the hour of 10.00 am.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners
Clark and Smith.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 29, 1944

On motion of Commissioner Bates, seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti, the regular meeting of June 22nd recessed until
Thursday, June 29th, at the hour of 10 am. (Purpose of
which is hot shown). Failed on account of there not being
a quorum present.

Present:	City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed

Commissioner Bates

Absent:	Mayor Cragin

Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith, Sr.

Commissioners Clark and Corradetti
City Manager, Charles C. McCall
City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.