The above is a true and correct statement of the
estimated receipts and expenditures of the City
of Las Vegas for the current year as required by
Section 2, Chapter 44, Statutes of Nevada 1935.

signed:	E. W.Cragin_____

Attest:	Mayor

Helen Scott Reed_______

City Clerk

Dated: September 7, 1944

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing amended budget
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RACE TRACK AND BARNS 	Commissioner Bates moved that Kal Houssels be permitted to

rent the race track and barns for the period September 10,

1944 to January 10. 1945 at $75.00 per month and that the
City Attorney be directed to draft an agreement; the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SCOTCH 80		Commissioner Clark moved that the Board recommend to the

RECOMMENDATION	Planning Commission that Paragraph 2 of the Dedication

appearing on the Amended Plat of Scotch 80 be deleted;
that arrangements for street improvements, fire protection
and sanitary facilities be made before the said Plat will
be approved by the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALARY RAISES 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following salary

raises for the Fire and the Police Department be approved:

Fire Department:	Firemen -	from 	200	to	210 a	month

Drivers -	from 	200	to	215 a	month

Captains -	from	 230 to 	same

Chief -	from	 300	 to 	same

Police Department:

Patrolmen - from 200 to 210 a month
 Detectives- from 210 to 220 a month
Sergeants -	from	220	to	230 a	month

Captains -	from	240	to	250 a	month

Chief - 300 the same.

said salary raises to become effective after three months'
employment; further that the salary of John Williams, 

rodman in the Engineering Department, be raised from $150 to
$160 a month. Salary raises to become effective as of
September 15, 1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



INSPECTOR OF 	Commissioner Bates moved that Jack Crostwaite be hired as

POLICE HIRED	inspector of police at $3600 a year, services to begin

as soon as Mr. Crostwaite is available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN 	The following resolution was presented to the Board for

its consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS there is a great necessity and emergency for the securing of cash to continue the
program for repair and maintenance of streets within the confines of the City of Las Vegas for
the remaining portion of 1944, and

WHEREAS, the 1944 Budget of the City of Las Vegas does not have adequate funds to meet
the necessary expenditures for the maintenance and repair of said streets, and

WHEREAS, the delay of repair and maintenance to such streets will be unwise and uneconomical,

and

WHEREAS, the only method of supplying funds for doing this work is through an emergency loan,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners that the City of Las Vegas
do borrow the sum of Twenty Five Thousand Dollars ($25,000.00) or whatever part thereof the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow, at an
interest rate of not to exceed eight percent (8%) per annum, and provide in the subsequent annual
budgets for the repayment thereof, of both principal and interest, within the period of two (2)
years from the date of borrowing said sum, and