ZONING CASE #16
Kitty Weiner—Lots 17
& 18, Block 8, 628, 630
So. 1st - Clarks' Las
Vegas Townsite

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the
Planning Commission for Zone Exception at 628-630 So.

1st Street be approved with the following provisions:

August 6, 1946

1.	That any buildings or structures constructed on such lots be of Type
1, 2, or 3 construction, in order to comply with the requirements
for Fire Zone #2.

2.	That said lots be subject only to such commercial use such as trade,
service, or retail establishments, and that the manufacture, 

fabrication, processing, or handling of materials or articles usually
conducted within industrial zone not be permitted.

3.	That such use be governed by any Other laws or regulations of the
state or city.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
 Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendation of the 

Planning Commission which includes the following provisions re;
Zoning Case #17, Mrs. Edna L. Jones, Lots 7, 8, & 9, Block
28, Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite, be approved:

August 6, 1946

 

1.	That such lots be subject only to restricted commercial use classified
as Professional Offices for the administration to persons (but not for
the housing thereof) of professional, medical or dental practices.

2.	The display of any signs upon the above mentioned premises shall be
limited to one sign for each professional office not exceeding one-
half square foot in area and containing only the name of the occupant.

No flashing or blinking lights shall be placed upon any such sign which
shall be located at the entrance of each professional office.

3.	That the conduct of such professional use be subject to any other laws
or regulations of the State of Nevada or the City of Las Vegas.

 
 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be authorized
to execute the termination of lease of the United Service
Organization, Inc. covering the premises at 311 Jefferson,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the request of Harold Case,

Fire Chief to attend a convention of the Pacific Coast 

Association of Fire Chiefs to be held October 27, 28, 29 and 30
at the Hilton Hotel, Long Beach, California, be granted and
that the sum of $125.00 be allowed for his expenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

On motion of Commissioner Bates, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is
adopted and order made.

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of August, 1946 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 19th day of July, 1946, executed by Arnold Zaugg to the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth;
and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that payment of $666.66 to Ralph W.
O’Neil be approved, being the initial retainer of 33 1/3% of

SEWAGE COLLECTION
SYSTEM- Engineer
Services

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED - R/W Washington
Blvd.

FIRE CHIEF CONVENTION
Long Beach, California

UNITED SERVICE ORG., INC.
Termination of Lease

ZONING CASE #17—

Mrs. Edna L. Jones —
Lots 7,8, & 9 Block 28
Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite