1946 Salary Scale (Cont'd)

1946

Board

JOB TITLE	Approval

CEMETERY

Sexton	220.00

Asst. Sexton	200.00

Labor	175.00

 NOTE: Scale of maximum salaries to be paid the employee of each specific job class. In
hiring it Is advisable to pay $10.00 less than scale for a probation period of 60
days. Any changes from these rates must be by action of the Board of City 

Commissioners through the City Manager's Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting recess until 

January 2, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Clark, Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bates.

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 2, 1946

The Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas, Nevada met in 

recessed regular session pursuant to due legal notice of call at
the regular meeting place of said Board in Las Vegas, Nevada on
the 2nd day of January, 1946 at the hour of 2 o'clock P.M. The
following members of the Board of City Commissioners were present:

E. W. Cragin, Mayor; R. T. Baskin, Commissioner; Walter Bates,
Commissioner; C. R. Clark, Commissioner; A. Corradetti, Commissioner;
also present, Helen Scott Reed, City Clerk.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City pay one-third of the expenses
incurred by the delegation composed of the Mayor, Earnest Cragin,

Max Kelch, Robert Griffith, and Carl Hyde who went to Washington
D. C. to discuss with Army principals the future of the military
Installation here at McCarran Field. The total expense being
$1,296.69 which will probably be slightly lower when an adjustment
is made with the air companies.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City accept the offer of the owners
of the land for the erection of the proposed Police Station site, to
purchase for $10,800.00 on terms to be agreed upon at a later date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noe, Commissioner Corradetti who stated that it was too much money.

There having been presented a letter from the Chief of Police and
addressed to the Board of City Commissioners relative to a complaint
against Susie's Photo Shop; therefore, Commissioner Bates moved that
Margaret Carney be notified to appear before the Board of City 

Commissioners on January 7, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M. to show cause
why her license should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

His Honor E. W. Cragin stated that In accordance with the provisions
of the resolution passed by the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada on November 21, 1945 that there had been
published in full compliance with law, a notice advertising the sale

CHAMBER OF COMMERCE

Delegation Expense

LAND PURCHASE - Police
Station Site

COMPLAINT -

Margaret Carney



POLICE STATION BOND
Bid Accepted