Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	

Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bids heretofore 

received on a pickup truck Be rejected and new bids issued,
specifying horse power, capacity, tires, and transmission
speeds.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

relocation of the gas pump and loading platform at McCarran
Field as per map in City Manager’s Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commis-
sion Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the recommendations of the
Cemetery Board be approved and the Minutes of their meeting
held October 19 be compied into these minutes;

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 19, 1945

At a called meeting of the Cemetery Advisory Committee
held in the War Memorial Building, thus 19th day of
October, 1945. Meeting called to order by T. E. Fennessy,
Chairman, at 9:30 A.M. with the following members present;

T. E. Fennessy, City Manager: George Rittenhouse, City
Engineer; George Maxwell, Sexton; and Reverend Albert
C. Melton.

Minutes of las meeting read, Rev. Melton moved for the
approval of the Minutes of the meeting held on September
14, 1945, as read.

Motion seconded by Mr. Rittenhouse, and carried by the
following vote; Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, and Mr.
Rittenhouse, voting aye; noes, none.

At this point, 10:00 a.m., Mr. Arthur Smith arrived at
the meeting.

Rev. Melton moved that the lots in Section S, south of
the walkway, and Lots in Section 0, north of the 

walkway, shall be designated as Section S-2 and Section
0-2 respectively, and that the price of these lots remain
at $40.00 per lot.

Motion seconded by Mr. Smith, and carried by the following
vote; Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton and Mr. Rittenhouse and
Mr. Smith, voting aye; noes, none.

Reverend Melton moved that the lots in Section S north of
the walkway, and in Section 0, south of the walkway, shall
be designated as Section S - 1 and Section 0-1 respectively
and that the price of said Lots be raised from $40.00 to
$50.00 per lot.

Motion seconded by Mr. Smith, and carried by the following
vote; Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, Mr. Smith, and Mr.
Rittenhouse, voting "AYE"; noes; none.

Arthur Smith, Sr., made a motion recommending that the
Board of Commissioners raise the price for the opening and
closing of a standard grave - maximum size, 31" x 7½' x
6¼' deep - from $12.00 to $15.00 to cover the increase
cost of labor under the 40-hour work week.

Motion seconded by Mr. Rittenhouse, and carried by the
following vote:	Mr. Fennessy. Rev. Melton, Mr. Rittenhouse,

and Mr. Smith voting, "aye"; "noes"; none.

Arthur Smith, Sr., moved recommending that the Board of
Commissioners make a motion that any burials requested on
Saturday morning shall pay for the grave opening at one
and one-half times the regular rate, or $22.50 for each grave
opening, to cover the cost of over-time under the 40-hour work
week.

Motion seconded by Rev. Melton, and carried by the following
vote; Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, Mr. Rittenhouse and Mr.
Smith, voting, "Aye"; noes, none.

BIDS - Pick-up Truck

 
MCCARRAN FIELD - Gas

Pump location

WOODLAWN CEMETERY
Recommendation
Cemetery Board

MINUTES * Sept.14
Approved

CEMETERY LOTS

DESIGNATED AS
SEC. S-2 &
Sec. 0-2

CEMETERY LOTS

DESIGNATES AS
SEC. 0-1 and
Sec. S-1



PRICE OF
STANDARD GRAVE
OPENING RAISED
$12 to $15



SATURDAY MORNING
BURIALS