GOLF COURSE	Commissioner Bates moved that F. A. Jackson be appointed as the third member

F. A. JACKSON       of the Golf Board, to fill an existing vacancy, as recommended by Lloyd Tritle,
APPOINTED TO BOARD Chairman of said Board. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes none.

BLUE CAB CO.	 Commissioner Clark moved that licenses be granted to the Blue Cab Co. on six

6 CABS LICENSED    cars which have the approval of the O.D.T. and, further, that at no time are

more than six cabs to be allowed on the streets of Las Vegas. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SEWELL’S GROCERY   Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Sewell's Grocery for a 
WHOLESALE BEVERAGE  wholesale beverage license for the third quarter be granted. Motion seconded by
LICENSE GRANTED     Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

AERIAL PHOTOS	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the	City of Las Vegas	stand one-fourth of the

LAS VEGAS AREA	expense of making an aerial photo	of Las Vegas and vicinity as recommended by

the Joint Planning Commission. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SECTION 18 OF THE   Commissioner Smith moved that the action taken by the City Clerk in posting a
CITY CHARTER	  complete statement of all taxes and other revenues collected and expended

COMPLIANCE THERE-	during the preceeding two quarters of the year 1943	and also a statement of

WITH	all outstanding bonds as provided	for in Section 18	of the Charter of the City

of Las Vegas, be approved and that the same procedure be followed in the
future. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

VIRGINIA MITCHELL   Commissioner Clark moved that the check of A. F. Smith, Sr., in the sum of
SALARY	  $36.57 covering a certain portion of Virginia Mitchell’s salary as stenographer

in the City Attorney’s office be destroyed. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

At this time Commissioner Smith excused the City Auditor.

WEATHER BUREAU     Commissioner Clark moved that the lease between the Weather Bureau and the
LEASE * RENEWAL  	City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being contract #CWB-2483 and covering space in the

Airport Administration Building as described therein, be renewed for the period
beginning July 1, 1943 and ending June 30, 1944 and the Mayor and City Clerk
are hereby authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

LIABILITY	 	Commissioner	Smith moved that the City Clerk be instructed to notify any

INSURANCE	employees of	the City of Las Vegas who are using their own cars on City business

to obtain liability insurance and if they now have public liability insurance
that the name of the City be Incorporated therein. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

 

GIBBONS & REED    Commissioner	Bates moved that Gibbons & Reed be paid $3,748.00 in lieu of

CLAIM	$4,287.40 as	per their claim; the former sum being the amount deposited with

the City for	the conclusion of certain work to be performed by the sewer

company; that Gibbons and Reed be informed that they will have to look to the
sewer contractor for any additional compensation, further, that the City Clerk
furnish Gibbons & Reed with copies of correspondence from the City Engineer
relating to said matter. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

BILTMORE HOTEL  	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Nevada Biltmore Hotel for

CABARET LICENSE  	a cabaret license for the third quarter be allowed. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SLOT MACHINE	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of A. L. Arnold for a slot

APPLICATION	  machine license at 419 N. Main St. be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

A. L. ARNOLD     Clark and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

FOOD CENTER	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the	application	of	Albert Goot	for a package

PACKAGE LIQUOR	liquor license at the Food Center, 750	Fremont St.	be	allowed. Motion seconded

APPLICATION        by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

	Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor	voting aye;	noes none.

ARCADE	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Lynn	Linnell for 	a Lucky

SLOT MACHINE       Lucre machine at the Arcade, 1st and Carson Streets, be allowed. Motion
APPLICATION	seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

TIVOLI TAVERN  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of J. B. Gaut for a slot

SLOT MACHINE  	machine license at the Tivoli Tavern at 126 N. First St. be granted. Motion

APPLICATION	seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.