RIGHT OP WAY—

North Main Street

RESIGNATION—Ferron C. Losee
VIRGINIA BARRETT

WESTERN STATES CONFERENCE
ASSOCIATION OF POLICE
COMMUNICATION OFFICERS

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the 

recommendation of the Joint-Planning Commission that the City begin 

negotiations for acquisition of certain right-of-way between Carson
and Stewart Streets from the Union Pacific Railroad,

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the following
 vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark,

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board accept the resignation
of Ferron C. Losee as Recreation Director as per his letter of
April 16, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the matter of the application
of Virginia Barrett for a package liquor license at 917
Fremont is hereby reconsidered and denied in accordance
with the Resolution of the Board made on the 28th day of
March, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed
his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Clark,

Upon recommendation of the Chief of Police, Commissioner
Baskin, moved that Ralph Dow, radio technician, be allowed
$20.00 toward his expenses to attend the Western States
Conference of the Association of Police Communication
Officers in Los Angeles, California, on April 25, 26, and 27.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
adjourn until May 7 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark,

SOFT BALL LEAGUE

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of May, 1946. Meeting called to order at
the hour of 2 P.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Clark, Corradetti; City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; City
Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of April 22, 1946
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti; and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Andy Beatty, representing the local soft ball players
league appeared before the Board at this time and 

requested the use of the Ball Park on the City ground at
Fifth and Stewart.

At this time His Honor Mayor Cragin informed them that the
field should be available around the 1st of June; however,
that the hardball teams had heretofore requested use of this