Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing

resolution be approved by the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

EXPENSE ACCOUNT:	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve

CITY MANAGER	the expense account of the City Manager McCall

for the sum of $50.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and his Honor voting
eye; Commissioner Smith voting no.

THE AMERICAN LEGION	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager

 	be directed to write a letter to the American

Legion accepting the flag of the United States
and to direct an appropriate resolution thanking
them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREET IMPROVEMENTS  	Commissioner Bates moved that estimates of expense

plats and diagrams for improvement of streets and
alleys at the following localities be made and filed
with the City Clerk:

The 20-foot alley extending in an easterly-westerly direction between Third and
Fourth Streets, Block 31 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, and extending easterly and westerly
distances of 15 feet to the curb lines in Fourth and Third Streets, respectively.

The 20-foot alley extending northerly from Carson Street in Block 14 of Clark’s
Las Vegas Townsite, a distance of 250 feet and extending southerly therefrom to the curb
line of Carson Street.	 

That portion of Ninth Street as shown on plat of Wardie Addition to Las Vegas included
between the lines of curb as now established and extending from the northerly boundary line
of Gass Street to the southerly boundary line of Bonneville Street and at the intersection
of Ninth and Garces Streets, east and west respectively, to the east and west boundary lines
of Ninth Street.

That portion of Third Place as shown on Plat of Beckley Subdivision to Las Vegas, Nevada,
included the curbs as now established and extending northwardly into Charleston Boulevard
a distance of approximately 25 feet to effect a satisfactory junction with the existing
pavement in Charleston Boulevard.

Further, that due Notice of Intention to improve
be given in accordance with the Statutes and Laws
on the subject.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING AND LIQUOR	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of

APPLICATIONS	Mamie V. Stocker for gaming and liquor licenses at

16 Fremont, be tabled until the December 29th meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
 

GAMING APPLICATIONS	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

Jack Pruitt for a slot machine at Barbecue Corral,
sandwich shop, 1407 South Fifth Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Jack

Roach for a retail beverage and importer’s license be
tabled, pending the receipt of his importer's license
from the State of Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

GAMING LICENSE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of J.

FRONTIER CLUB	W. Schaum for one Faro Bank and one Poker game at

the Frontier Club, 117 Fremont, for the fourth quarter
of 1944, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.