ORDINANCES	Commissioner Smith moved that all propsed ordinances be submitted to the

Commissioners for study before presenting to the Board. Motion seconded
 by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RESOLUTION	Commissioner Tinch moved that the foregoing Resolution be rescinded, 

RESCINDED	redrafted and submitted at the next regular meeting. Commissioner Clark

seconded the motion and was carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GUNNERY 	 A letter was read from Colonel Martinus Stenseth, requesting title to the

SCHOOL	 tower at the gunnery school, in order that it maybe used at Indian Springs

Airway Beacon	Airport. Commissioner Smith moved that his request be granted. Motion

Tower	seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and was carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

At the hour of 11:20,  Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until 7:30 P.M., 

December 16, 1942.    Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark,  Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes. none.

	Las Vegas, Nevada

December 16, 1942





At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held the 16th day of December, 1942.
Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M., with
the following members present, Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch, Purchasing Agent,
LeRoy Whipple, acting City Attorney, Harvey C. Dickerson and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the meeting of December the 4th, were read and approved as read.

Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers 767 to 770 inclusive be approved, and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to execute same. The motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and 

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor 

voting aye. Noes, none.

GASOLINE BIDS	It appearing that the bid of Mobilene Gas was the lowest bid submitted.

AWARDED	Commissioner Smith moved that the bid from the Oil and Gas Distributors

Inc. of Mobilene Gas at 13¢ a gallon be accepted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

  LAMP BID	Bids from the following firms, Luce and Goodfellow, Standard Wholesale

AWARDED	and Nevada Electric Co. on the lamp contracts for the year 1943, were

opened at this time. Comissioner Rubidoux moved that the Standard 

Wholesale be In line to receive the contract for 1943, be allowed the contract
on the basis of 28% plus 2% cash discount. Motion seconded by commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
and Tinch voting aye. Commissioner Smith and His Honor Mayor Howell C.
Garrison passed. Noes, none.

  AMMETER BIDS	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let on an Ammeter for the Electrical

LET	Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux, and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Smith, Tinch, Rubidoux, Clark and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

BID ON TIRES	Commissioner Tinch moved that bids be let for tires 700X20 ten ply and

four tubes, 700 X 20, to be used in the Garbage Department and the Street
Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch, and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none

SWEEPER	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be allowed to purchase

REPAIR	repairs for the sweeper truck in the amount of $238.36. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

GARBAGE ORDI-	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Street Superintendent be granted 

 NANCE REPORT	permission to put a notice in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal to the effect

that the City of Las Vegas is going to enforce the Garbage Ordinance. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. 

Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux, Clark, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MECHANIC	Commissioner Smith moved that Mr. Shay be hired as a mechanic in the Street

HIRED	Department, commencing as of the 12th day of December, 1942, at a salary of

$180.00 a month, and further that the Board of City Commissioners approve
the hiring of H. W. Ball as Janitor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote. Commissioner Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch,

Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LICENSE	Commissioner Tinch stated that Mr. Botts is to busy in the Garbage 

COLLECTOR	Department to take over the duties of license collector In the City Clerk's office.