SWISS VILLAGE RESTAURANT
License Granted

KEY HOLE LIQUOR STORE
Change of Name

License Granted

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS—
Granted

COLONEL FAYE--License
Renewed

GAMING LICENSE
Resolution

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

 Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Wilma
Wolfinger for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license at the Swiss
Village Restaurant, 116 North 5th Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 Commissioner Clark moved that the Commercial Liquor Store,

Victor Whittlesea, carrying a Sealed Package Miniature Liquor
license at 828½ South Main Street be allowed to change the
name of the Business to Key Hole Liquor Store.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

 voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of A. K. Smith for
a Retail Restaurant Beverage license at 300 Stewart Street and
the application of S. Newman at the Lincoln Auto Court Lunch,

1502 South 5th Street for a Retail Restaurant Beverage license
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that when Colonel Faye presented his
application to change his location for a package liquor 

establishment from South 5th Street to 213 North 3rd Street, that it be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti. Commissioner Bates passed
his vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that it Is the opinion of this Board
that the City of Las Vegas now has set the number of gambling
places, gaming licenses, and that this Board deems it sufficient
according to the population, and until the Board figures the
population will support more gambling licenses, no more will
be granted other than first class hotels.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at
this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn
until Friday July 5 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 5, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
5th day of July 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor
Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 p.m. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City

Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
City Attorney C. Norman Cornwall and Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 817 to 821
Inclusive and 824 to 828 Inclusive in the net sum of $20,130.34
which included the claim of Leo Callihan for his salary for the
month of June; be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.
822, 823, 829, 830, and 831, in the sum of $11,097.43 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.