carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Smith made a motion that Mr. Brown be given a fair and impartial hearing
to defend himself against certain accusations made by Mr. Pipkin. Said date of hearing to be
set on adjournment of this meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that said meeting be set for Monday, August 24th, at 7:30 P.M., and that
the city clerk notify Mr. Brown and Mr. Pipkin of said setting. Motion seconded by Commissioner 

Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that we comply with the request of the FBI in having new applicants
fill out an application blank as per the form submitted. Said forms to be made in the office

of the city clerk on duplicator machine. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city of Las Vegas adopt a time slip similar to those used by
the State. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch.



Commissioner Smith submitted a certain form for the reporting of long distance telephone 

calls made by city employees. Commissioner Smith moved that said forms be adopted and approved. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners 

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

S.	L. Christensen, Western States representative for Duncan Meter Corporation, manufacturers
of Miller Parking meters, appeared before the Board regarding the installation of parking
meters in the city of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Smith moved that a Resolution be prepared and that the city auditor be authorized
to take the necessary steps to making an emergency loan. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux 

and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the report of the Acting City Attorney on Ordinance 210 and 260
and the proposed emergency loan be accepted. Further that the city clerk furnish the County
Health Department with a copy of that portion pretaining to their department with a request
that they govern themselves accordingly. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Mayor Garrison commended Mr. Earl for the concise and clear manner in which he submitted his
report.



Mr. Earl stated that it was the duty of the City Attorney and the Police Department to enforce
the trailer ordinance.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city commissioners cooperate with the county commissioners 

to the extent of their proposal of furnishing $2000 against the city’s furnishing $1000 for
an addition to the old city hall. The motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city commissioners approve the plat of the El Rancho Village
subject to the approval of the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried 

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until August 24th, 1942 at the hour of 7:30
P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ATTEST:

CITY CLERK

APPROVED:

MAYOR.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 24, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 24th day of August,

1942. Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M., by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison
with the following members present:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch. City Attorney,

Paul Ralli. City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.	Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Reading of the Minutes of August 17th were waived until the meeting of the 4th of September, 1942.

Minutes of the City Planning Commission of their Special Meeting held August 18th were read.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the recommendation of the Planning Board relative to re-subdividing
Blocks 16, 17 and 18 of Ladd’s Addition be approved and adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner 

Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, Commissioner Tinch.

The city attorney was instructed to prepare a proposed ordinance to zone Stewart Addition as 

requested and recommended by the Planning Board for presentation at the next regular meeting.

The application of the El Patio and McDonald Hotel for slot machines for the 2nd and 3rd 

quarters were presented.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that said applications be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch.

Commissioner Smith stated that he protested voting on this application for the reason that these
people knowingly and willingly operated slot machines without a license and that the applications 

should not be allowed and the city attorney should be directed to prosecute them.