Commissioner Tinch moved that a fence,as recommended by Mr. Brown, be constructed around said roof at
the lowest possible cost under the supervision of the city engineer. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and the
Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Mayor pro tem Smith stated that due to the necessity of the committee being held in active
service on the parking meters that he was resigning and as a result of such resignation, and
it being agreeable to the parties concerned that he is appointing Commissioner Rubidoux to serve
on said committee with Commissioner Tinch to the conclusion of the meter problem.

Commissioner Tinch moved that while drawing a new parking ordinance that resolutions or
ordinances covering 3:30 to 5:00 A.M. parking be rescinded and the signs taken down. Motion	

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.	

Upon recommendation of the city mechanic, Commissioner Tinch moved that the bid of R. O.

Bird on a second hand 1939 Ford DeLuxe Coupe for $600 be accepted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and
the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

Ira Earl, County Commissioner, appeared before the Board and requested them to prepare a	

petition to present to the voters at the Tuesday election allowing the city of Las Vegas to	

deed back a certain site to the Las Vegas Land & Water Co., so that they in turn can deed
said site to the U. S. Government to use for the Health Center.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Ira Earl, Chairman of the Board of County Commissioners, be
instructed to proceed with the preparation of petitions to present to the voters at the Tuesday
election September 1st. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye. Noes, none.

On behalf of the city of Las Vwgas, Commissioner Smith thanked Mr. Earl for his cooperation
and help on the foregoing matter.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting adjourn until September 4th, 1942, at the hour of
7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by unanimous vote.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 4, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of September,

1942. Meeting called to order by the city clerk at the hour of 7:30pm, with the following
members present:	Commissioners Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux. City Attorney, Paul Ralli

Purchasing Agent, Roy Whipple. Absent:	Mayor Garrison and Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Commissioner Smith act as Mayor pro tem due to the absence
of Mayor Garrison. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and Tinch voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter, the meeting was called to order by Commissioner Smith.

At this time Mayor Garrison arrived.

Minutes of the previous meetings of August 17th, 24th and 25th were read and approved as
read.

Letters from the Lions Club, Junior Chamber of Commerce and Chamber of Commerce, protesting
the closing of the Golf Course were read.

Judge Marshall, chairman of the Golf Club, appeared before the Commission and requested
permission for the Golf Board to submit a program to the Commissioners with the thought
in mind of making said Course a paying proposition.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the matter be held in abeyance pending report of Golf Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids for a Barton Pump were opened at this time from the following firms:	All require

A1J priority rating.

Roy G. Davis	$600

W. A. Hurst	600

Simons Machinery	Company	600

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that we furnish priority rating and instruct the purchasing agent
to obtain said pump from the firm giving the quickest delivery. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Bids on a l 1/2 ton truck were opened at this time.

Arthur	Walgren	1941 Ford - fob.	San Francisco	$1,850.00

1	International 2 yd.	1,600.00

Hogan & Westlake	new 1942 Dodge	1,990.00

Wally Rhoads	Dodge l 1/2 yds.	850.00

Mayor Garrison referred the bids to the machanic to make a report on the 8th.

Three bids having been sent out for printing only one returned, which was from the Service
printers, as follows: work charts - 24 books each set at $18.75 ea. set. Applications for

the Street Department - 500 sets - $27.50. Commissioner Smith moved that said bid be

accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.