CABINET & CARD INDEX	Commissioner Clark moved that bids be let for a letter-sized

CASE FOR FIRE DEPT.	'' cabinet and a 3 x 5 card index case for the fire department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor

voting aye. Noes, none.

SCHENK CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of	Schenk in the

sum of $46.75 be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

REPLACEMENTS IN THE	Commissioner Tinch made a motion that the following replacements

POLICE DEPT.	be made in the police department:	E.	E. Stotts as of November 1;

^ R. H. Johnson as of November 2; Wade	Paul as of October 30; and

the reinstatement of Ollie S. Pendley as of October 30. The
motion was seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and

His H&nor voting aye. Noes, none.

DAVE MACKEY	Some discussion was had regarding the	salary of the former Chief of

Salary	Police, Dave Mackey, for the month of	September. It was the opinion

of the City Attorney that he could be granted a two weeks vacation
' with pay. Commissioner Clark moved that Dave Mackey be allowed two
weeks salaryofor his vacation period. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux

Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes:	Commissioner Smith.

W. H. WALKER	Commissioner Smith made a motion that W. H. Walker be hired as of

hired - city dump	November 5, 1942 to replace Dick Schwartz at the city dump at a salary

of $150.00 a month. All salvage to go to the city. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

RACE TRACT	The report of M. E. Leavitt was read and Commissioner Tinch was

'C appointed to confer with Mr. Cragin relative to charges for main-
taining the race track.

CLOSING OF STREET IN	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the street in front of the city

FRONT OF CITY BARNS	/y barns be closed subject to the approval of the City Attorney. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

GORTNER	Commissioner Clark made a motion that Mr. Gortner be granted the use

Rental of War Memorial ;</of the War Memorial Hall on a Sunday to Sunday basis at a rental of

*$35.00 per night. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,and His

Honor voting aye. Commissioner Tinch passed. Noes, none.

MUNICIPAL JUDGE CHECK	Commissioner Smith made a motion that we accept the check of the

for fines - October	^ municipal judge in the sum of $4,234.00 covering fines for the month

T of October. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and

His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LETTER REGARDING DR.	A letter was read from the Chief of Police, Don Borax, relative to the

J. C. CHERRY	t^city physician, Dr. J. C. Cherry. Commissioner Smith made a motion

that a copy of this letter be referred to the Board of Trustees of the Cls
Clark County General Public Hospital, the Board of County Commissioners
and the Clark County Las Vegas Health Department, to the War Price
Rationing Board at Las Vegas, and to Dr. Cherry, and ask them for their
cooperation in solving this problem. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

J. A. WILLIAMS	Commissioner Clark moved that the board sanction the action of

Leave of absence	Commissioner Rubidoux allowing J. A. Williams a leave of absence without

t pay to fitit his son who is in the armed forces of the United States
^ before leaving for foreign duty. Motion Seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

VERNON YOUNG	Commissioner Tinch moved that Vernon Young be hired as a lineman

hired - lineman	^at $180.00 a month to replace Thomas Walsh. Motion seconded by Commission

er Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

PURCHASE OF 100 POLE LINE Commissioner Rubidoux moved for the approval of the purchase of 100

BRACKETS	tApole line brackets as an emergency for $75.40 from the Standard

Wholesale Company. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, and Tinch voting

aye. Passed:	Commissioner Smith and His Honor. Noes, none.

^P^C^SE OF TRANSFORMER	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Board approve the purchase of a

HOUSE CABINET	.transformer house cabinet for $39.20. Motion seconded by Commissioner

'Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

and Tinch voting aye. Passed:	Commissioner Smith and His Honor,

Mayor Garrison. Noes, none.

JOSEPH ROWLES CAFE	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the application of Jay Robb

Gaming	for a slot machine license at 418 E & Madison be granted. Motion

yseconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.