BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of Directors of the Clark County Humane Society
hereby authorize the President, Mrs. Ernest Amante, and the Secretary, Lois Craig,
to sign the Contract for the year 1945, between the Clark County Humane Society
and the City of Las Vegas, and any other papers required by the City to complete
the Agreement, and secure the monthly payments from the City as therein agreed.

/s/ Lois Craig, Secretary.

His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, ordered the foregoing
Resolution filed.

AGREEMENT CANCELLED	Commissioner Bates moved that the Agreement between the

FOR USE OF MOTORCYCLE - City of Las Vegas and Police Officers, Bondley, Pinjuv

and Cooper for the use of their motorcycles be cancelled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLAIMS - Repair to	Commissioner Bates	moved	that	the claim of Wayne Hirsch,

Police	Vehicle	Auto Body Shop, in	the sum of	$112.00 for repair work

on the 1942 Hudson Sedan in the Police Department be
approved, and that the City Manager notify the Police
Department that hereafter all repairs and purchases must
be made through the regular channels that the person
incurring these bills will be personally obligated to
pay same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and
His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

REFUSE CANS -	Commissioner Clark	moved	 that the Board of City 

Bid Accepted	Commissioners accept the	bid of	the Motor Supply Company for

100 refuse cans at $22.50 each. Authorized the immediate
purchase of 50 refuse cans at $22.50 each, totaling
$1,125.00. Payment to be made from the General Funds.
Purchase to be made from Motor Supply Company as per
their bid on March 7, 1945. Further that the remaining
50 cans be purchased later in the year when funds are
available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

STREET EQUIPMENT -	Commissioner Clark moved that the purchasing agent be

Bids Let	authorized to advertise for the purchase of one Austin

Western Street Sweeper for which a priority has been
obtained. Quotations to be requested of only those
firms which handle this type of equipment. Bids to be
opened in the presence of the Auditor, City Manager, and
one Commissioner.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the purchasing agent be
authorized to advertise for the purchase of one Austin
Western Grader for which priority has been obtained.
Quotations to be requested of only those firms which
handle this type of equipment. Further that our presently
owned Adams Grader be offered all firms as a trade in
on the purchase of a new grader. Bids to be opened in
the presence of the City Manager, one Commissioner, and
the City Auditor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PLUMBING EXAMINATION - Commissioner Clark moved that the action of the 
Ruben Cohen	Plumbing Board with reference to the second examination of

Ruben Cohen be sustained.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Clark, Corradetti, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Bates passed.

Noes, none.

MEADOWS ADDITION -	The City Manager submitted the following report to the

Board: