committee composed of Commissioners Bates and Corradetti on
April 21, 1945 and reported favorably at this time, was read
for the first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing 

ordinance be adopted on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

An Ordinance entitled, "AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
ESTABLISHING FIRE ZONES," which was referred to a committee
composed of Commissioners Bates and Corradetti on April 21,

1945 and reported favorably at this time, was read for the
first time.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing 

ordinance be adopted on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, hone. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

Commissioner Baskin moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 500 to 506 inclusive in the sum of $16,176.91 be 

approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of the Las Vegas Morning
Tribune for the printing of the proposed electrical ordinance
in booklet form in the sum of $87.50 be accepted. Said bid
being the lowest received for an estimated quantity of 250
booklets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized
to exspend $577.35 for Library purchases which have been 

approved by the Recreation Board and provided for in the 1945
Budget.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the Board at
this time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until August 22, at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion was seconded by Commissioners Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

ORDINANCE #304
1st Reading

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS

ELECTRICAL ORDIN-

ANCE- Printing

LIBRARY SUPPLY