SIDEWALK	A bid for $160.00 from Honrath Bros. on the installation of the two	proposed

WAR MEMORIAL	 	strips of sidewalk in front of the War Memorial Building was opened	at this

BUILDING	time. The matter was held over to ascertain which bid was the most advantageous

to the City from the standpoint of materials and construction.

USO BUILDING	 	A letter from Walter F. Hansen, Field Recreation Representative, of	the Federal

INSURANCE	 	Security Agency stating that if the community wished to protect its	possible

future equity in the USO building, the City should provide fire insurance 

coverage on said building. The matter was turned over to Commissioner Smith for
investigation and report.

HIRING ATTORNEY    Commissioner Tinch moved that the matter of hiring an attorney to defend the
TO DEFEND CITY    City in the	Murry case	be turned over to a committee consisting of Commissioner

IN MURRY CASE	Smith and Commissioner	Clark.	Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

BUILDING	Mr. Al Drew, Electrical Inspector and Mr. O. J. Morling, Building Inspector

INSPECTION  	reported to	the Board that the	A. E. Kiser contractors refuse to have the City

REFUSED ON	inspect the	homes they	are now	constructing, adjacent to the Kelso-Turner tract,

GOVERNMENT	as it is a government project. Commissioner Smith moved that the City 

PROJECTS	Inspectors be Instructed to proceed with these inspections unless the A. E. Kiser

Company can prove conclusively that they are exempt from said inspection.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

BUILDING  	The matter of the 1943 Building Code was held over until the next regular

CODE	meeting.

LAS VEGAS  	A letter was read from the Las Vegas Building Exchange Ass'n stating that the

BUILDING  	procedure of the City Clerk's office in requiring that all contractors produce

EXCHANGE	their State license before a City license is issued, meets with their hearty

approval. The letter was ordered filed.

BUILDING	A letter from Mr. O. J. Morling, Building Inspector, making a report on the

INSPECTOR	 	progress of bringing the substandard buildings in the Fourteenth Street Addition

up to specification was read and ordered filed.

REPORT	   The report of the Building Inspector for the month of April was read and ordered

BUILDING INSP.      filed.

REPORT	The report of the Street Superintendent for the month of April was read and

STREET SUPT.       ordered filed.

STREET DEPT.  	A letter from the War Finance Committee regarding the painting of city 

PAINTING  	equipment or property to include the slogan "Buy More War Bonds", was read to the

Board. A copy of this letter was ordered sent to the Street Department with
instructions that if any paint jobs are coming up the Board should be notified
in order that the request may be reviewed.

WAR BOND	 Consideration of Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 1 in regard to salary 

SALARY-WITHOLDING  deductions for war bonds in the State, Counties, Cities and Municipalities was held

over until the next meeting.

PROTEST	  A letter from Mrs. LeRoy Christensen protesting the operation of a gaming and

MRS. CHRISTENSEN   liquor business at E. and Jackson Streets, Westside was read and ordered filed.

SOLS CLOTHING	 	The application of C. R. Millheizer for a slot machine license at	Sols Clothing

GAMING	 	Store at 509 Jackson St. was held over for further investigation.

NAVAJO GRILL	 	The application of Irving Weiner for a beer license at 419 S. 5th	St. was 

referred to the police for further investigation.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Rubidoux, moved that the meeting adjourn until May 17th at 7:30
P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor Mayor pro tem voting aye;
noes none.