HEARING: Improvements

ASSESSMENT ORDINANCE
BIDS - For Improvement

Las Vegas, Nevada

December 15, 1944

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 15th day of December, 1944:
Meeting called to order at the hour of 10:15 AM by
His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following mem-
bers present:	Commissioners Bates and Corradetti;

City Manager, Charles C. McCall; and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed. City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

This being the time set for hearing of objections to
proposed assessments for improvement of the following
described property; to-wit:

PARCEL I. The 20-foot alley extending in an easterly-
westerly direction between Third and Fourth Streets,

Block 31 of Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite, and extending
easterly and westerly distances of fifteen (15') feet
to the curb lines in Fourth and Third Streets, 

respectively.

PARCEL II. The 20-foot alley extending northerly
from Carson Street in Block 14 of Clark’s Las Vegas
Townsite, a distance of 250 feet and extending southerly
therefrom to the curb line of Carson Street.

PARCEL III. That portion of Ninth Street, as shown
on plat of Wardie Addition to Las Vegas, included 

between the lines of curb as now established and extending
from the northerly boundary line of Bonneville Street
and at the intersection of Ninth and Garces Streets,
east and west, respectively, to the east and west 

boundary lines of Ninth Street.

PARCEL IV. That portion of Third Place, as shown on
plat of Beckley Subdivision to Las Vegas, Nevada, 

included between the curbs as now established and 

extending northwardly into Charleston Boulevard a distance
of approximately twenty-five (25') feet to effect a
satisfactory junction with the existing pavement in
Charleston Boulevard.

There being no objections, Commissioner Bates moved
that the City Attorney be instructed to draw an ordinance
creating an improvement district in the above described
district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent 

Commissioners Clark and Smith.

His Honor, Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti and Smith as a Committee to act on the
aforementioned ordinance and report back at the next
regular meeting.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to advertise for bids for improvement of
streets and alleys of the aforementioned district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none; Absent
Commissioners Clark and Smith.

At the hour of 11:00 A.M. the meeting recessed and 

reconvened at the hour of 11:15 A.M. with all members
present as of the opening session this date. 

Commissioner Smith appeared at this time.

The budget for 1945 was discussed.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that
this meeting recess until December 22, 1944 at the hour
of 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark.