Resolution	provide for construction of a sewer lateral; (6) provide for an

2nd emergency loan automobile for the Recreation Department; (7) and provide for 

additional insurance; - all in addition to the provisions made
heretofore in the 1942 City Budget of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

AND WHEREAS, the only way these expenditures can be met is through
an emergency loan:

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners that
said city do borrow the sum of Twenty thousand six hundred ($20,600.00)
Dollars, at an interest rate of not to exceed eight per cent (8%) per
annum; and do provide in the subsequent annual budgets for the re-
payment thereof both principal and interest within the period of two
and one-helf years from the date of borrowing said sum; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are
hereby authorized and empowered to make, execute and deliver such pro-
missory note or notes and records of proceedings as may be necessary
from time to time to carry into effect this Resolution; and

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City Clerk execute and deliver the necessary
certified copy of this Resolution to be sent to the State Board of
Finance.

The foregoing Resolution was read aloud and adopted at the regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners on the 23rd day of November, A.D. 1942.

Voting aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Garrison.

Voting No:	None.

Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Tinch.

HANNAFORD & TALBOT     A bid from Hannaford & Talbot, of San Francisco, California on the

Bid	emergency loan was opened at this time. As bids had not been advertised

for the loan the Clerk was directed to return the bids to said company
  informing them that invitations to bid would be forwarded them at the
proper time.

PLUMBING PERMITS	A bid from the Service Printers on plumbing permits was opened at this

Bid	time. It being the only bid received. A bid on pawn brokers daily

report was received from Service Printers. Said bids being as follows:
Plumbing permits:	2000 - $23.90	2500 - $28.75

  Pawn Brokers daily reports - 50 pads - $49.95 Commissioner Rubidoux
moved that 10,000 sets of plumbing permits be ordered and 50 pads of
pawnbrokers daily report forms be ordered from Service Printers. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Com-
missioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CEMETERY DEPT.	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Sexton at the cemetery be authorized

retread tires       to have 5 tires retreaded for the Chevrolet pickup at a cost not to

exceed $40. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his honor voting aye.
Noes, none.

BERT GIBBS	The claim of Bert Gibbs of $48.50 for work done at the Golf Course was

claim	presented and ordered tabled.

C. W. JORGENSEN	The claim of C. W. Jorgensen was presented in the sum of $4,051.46

 covering balance on west wing of the War Memorial Building. Commissioner
Smith moved that the motion heretofore made regarding this matter
appearing on Page 33, Book 5, be rescinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a warrant be drawn in favor of C. W.
Jorgensen in the sum of $4,051.46 in full payment for work on the West
Wing of the War Memorial Building and that the architect be allowed
his percentage based upon the contractor’s full charges. And that
the city accept said West Wing Addition. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SEWER DEPT.	Commissioner Smith moved that the proposed Interim Agreement between

Interum Agreement  the Government of the United States and the City of Las Vegas be approved

and adopted and the Mayor and city clerk authorized to execute same as
of the 16th of November, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ENGINEERING DEPT.	A letter was read from Mr. Brown regarding mileage for the different

mileage	inspectors in his department. His Honor stated that he had a communication

from Leon Henderson regarding such matters and that as soon as he had
gone over the information thoroughly he would so inform Mr. Brown.

HEALTH DEPARTMENT	A Report from the Health Department for the month of October was ordered

Report	 filed.

GAMING APPLICATIONS    The following gaming applications were presented:	Snyder’s Store,

renewals	West Side; Paralee Adams, 224 N. 1st; Joseph Rowles, 418 Madison & E;

  Mrs. Ann Herbert - 508 Jackson Street. Commissioner Smith moved that
they be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

