VACATION -- Alley in
Block 17-Wardie Add'n.

HEARING - Margaret Carney

AGREEMENT - James H. Pugh
Rental of Motorcycle

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION
Bids

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none,

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Clerk he directed to
have posted notice of intention to vacate that certain alley
in Block 17, Wardie Addition, petitioned for by certain 

property holders and recommended by the Planning Commission,
setting said hearing for March 7, 1946 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the hearing of Margaret Carney,
heretofore set for this time be recessed until January 28,

1946 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City accept the agreement
between James H. Pugh and the City of Las Vegas for rental
of his motorcycle and authorize the Mayor and City Clerk to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time bids for the construction of sidewalks on the
following described property were received:

1.	Lots 1 and 2 and 3, Block 12, Bucks Subdivision,

7th Street and Fremont Avenue.

Estimated ------------ 1590 sq. feet.

2.	Lots 15 and 16, Block 5, Wardie Addition, 6th
Street and Clark Avenue.

Estimated ---------- -1090 sq. feet.

3.	Lots 8 and 9, Block 2, Wardie Addition, 5th
Street, estimated -------- -250 sq. feet.

TOTAL - -	------------------ 2930 Sq. Feet.

Only one bid was received at this time from the Stock’s
Mill and Supply Company, 750 Fremont Avenue, which was
as follows for the above described work:

2,390 Square Feet Sidewalk $.28 sq.ft. $820.00

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that this bid be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following aiming 

applications be granted:

Monte Carlo	M. Rosenthal	16 Fremont	21	Game

F. Hernandez

Grocery Store	F. Lancaster	410 Morgan	1	Slot

Boulder Club	A.H. Stevenson	118 Fremont	1	Poker

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of T. E.
Farrell, Nevada Beverage Distributors Inc., 101-113 E.
Charleston for a Wholesale Beverage and Importer's Liquor
License be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to
write a letter to the Veteran’s of Foreign Wars, stating that
the Board Is in sympathy with their Resolution, but that the
only licenses they have jurisdiction over are gaming and
liquor. As provided by law, applications are submitted to
the Board for consideration, subject to the rules and 

regulations in effect for granting liquor and gaming licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates Moved that expense money not to exceed

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additions

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS

VETERAN'S OF FOREIGN

WARS --

POLICE DEPARTMENT