Las Vegas, Nevada

August 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this seventh day of August, 1944:	Meeting called

to order at the hour of 2.30 p.m. by His Honor, Mayor

E.	W. Cragin, with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith; City
	Manager, Charles C. McCall; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed;

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the meeting
of July twenty-second be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Warrants No. 160-168

inclusive, in the sum of $15,824.19 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

MATERIAL AND	Commissioner Smith moved that Material and Service Warrants

SERVICE WARRANTS	    No. 169-171, inclusive, in the sum of $7,070.09, be approved,

and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

J.T. WATTERS WHOLESALE	  Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of John J.

LIQUOR LICENSE	DeLuca for a wholesale liquor license and importer’s beverage

liquor license at 120 and 122 North Second Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GUS KLEIN	  Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Gus Klein for

LIQUOR LICENSE	a retail liquor license at South Main and Charleston Streets

be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING LICENSES GRANTED:    Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming licenses

be granted:

R.	G. Garner	DeLuxe Cafe	127 S. 2nd	1	slot

Frank C. Kernan	Love Cafe	1500 S. 5th	1	slot

J.	K. Houssels	Las Vegas Club	23 Fremont	1	dice game

M. B. Abrams	Fremont Arcade	105 Fremont	1	Lucky	Lucre

Louis DuBois	Las Vegas Barbecue	22 Fremont.	3	slots

Joe Morgan	Silver Club	108 N. 1st	1	"21"

Ted Konduris	Southwestern Liquor Store	101 Carson	1	slot

Charlie Welch	Jone's Cafe	119 First	1	slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

K.	& M. PLAT	    Commissioner Bates moved that the approval of the Board on the K.

& M. Plat be and the same hereby is withheld for the reason that
it does not comply with the City’s requirements and specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS      The report of the Building, Plumbing, and the Electrical Departments
RECEIVED  	for the month of July and the report of the Police Department for the

month of June having been received and read at this time, were
ordered filed.

STREETS - CURBS	Commissioner Bates moved that the report of the City Manager on the

NEW SUBDIVISION	status of various subdivisions relative to streets and crubs, as 

submitted, be referred back to the City Manager for further information.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.