There being no further business to appear before this meeting, Commissioner
Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until March 16th, 1943 at the hour of 7:30
P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
March 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison
with the following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch;

\ City Attorney, Harry H. Austin:	City Auditor, Mac Cazier and Ctiy Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	A. F. Smith, Sr.

At this time Mayor Garrison appointed C. R. Clark to sign the payroll in the
absence of Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be adopted
by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes

none.

BOOKKEEPING FORMS At this time bids for certain clerical forms to be used by the Police 
POLICE DEPT.    department were opened from the following firms:

Charles R. Hadley, Los Angeles............$181.25

Service Printers, Las Vegas...............166.95

The Purchasing Agent stated that three bids had been sent out but only two
received. Commissioner Clark moved that the bids be rejected and that new bids
be sent out to all local firms. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch.
Commissioners Clark and Tinch voted aye; Commissioner Rubidoux and His Honor
voting no. Thereafter the bids were tabled until later in the meeting.

VOUCHERS	  Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers #445 to #615 inclusive be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

W.A.E. LEASE	There was presented to the Board a form of Lease, covering on the airport

COFFEE SHOP	  administration building, dated as of March 16, 1943, from the City of Las

Vegas, to Western Air Lines, Inc.

 Said Lease was considered by the Board, and after due consideration the 

following resolutions were unanimously adopted:

RESOLVED:	That the City of Las Vegas lease to Western Air Lines, Inc.,

space in the Administration Building at the Municipal Airport, and grant certain
rights and privileges, all in accordance with the form of Lease dated March 16,
1943, presented as aforesaid; and be it further

RESOLVED:	That the Mayor, or in his absence the Mayor Pro Tem., and the

City Clerk, be and they are hereby authorized and directed to execute said
Lease, in duplicate, for and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and to deliver
the original thereof to said Western Air Lines, Inc.

Commissioner Clark moved for the adoption of the foregoing Resolutions, which
motion was seconded by Commissioner Tinch and said Resolutions were adopted;
Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and Clark and His Honor voting "Aye". "Noes" -
none.

SEGRAVE FIRE    Commissioner Clark moved that Mr. McKelvy be allowed $181.00 covering expenses
TRUCK -	 to bring the Segrave fire truck to the City of Las Vegas from Columbus, Ohio.

TRANSPORT	Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:

FROM OHIO	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Tinch

was out of the room.

CITY LAND FOR	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the land owned by the City adjoining the east

FARMING	City limits be advertised for farming purposes, said advertising to be run

each week for three weeks. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and His Honor voting

aye; Commissioner Tinch was out of the room.

SEWER DEPARTMENT  Commissioner Rubidoux recommended that the City of Las Vegas purchase thirty-
MANHOLE COVERS    two (32) cast iron manhole covers with frames from Bebak, Brkich, Sulato and

Ramljak at a cost of $560.00. The matter was referred to the Purchasing Agent.