BOOSTER PLANT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the matter of a booster plant in the

gas	residential zone on North Fifth Street be referred to the Fire Marshall

for further study and report. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	Commissioner Tinch moved that the city borrow $50,000 from the First

$50,000	National Bank of Nevada as needed. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

LEAVE OF ABSENCE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the request of Paul Ralli for a leave

Paul Ralli	of absence to join the army be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

APPOINTMENT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Harvey D. Dickerson be appointed

City attorney	acting city attorney during Mr. Ralli's absence, beginning as of

October 15th, 1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor,

Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CIRCUS	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Everett W. Coe for

permission to hold a circus in the city of Las Vegas October 16th &

17th on the parking lot of the City Park be granted. Motion seconded
by commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIM	Commissioner Tinch moved that the claim of the Southern Nevada Telephone

telephone -	Co., covering calls at Golf Course from January to September be referred

golf course	to the city auditor. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, Acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

PLAT - approved	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that that certain plat for the re-subdivision

Block 20	of Block 20, Ladd Addition be approved as recommended by the Planning

Ladd Addition	Board and further, that the sub-divider install fire hydrants as required

by the fire chief. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by 
the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

APARTMENT HOUSE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved the recommendation of the Planning Board

6th & Lewis	for approval of the Board of City Commissioners for an apartment house

at 6th & Lewis be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that this meeting recess until October 6,

1942, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
OCTOBER 6, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 6th day of October,

1942. Meeting called to order by acting Mayor A.F. Smith, Sr., at the hour of 7:30 P.M.,
with the following members present: Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch. Acting city attorney,

Harvey D. Dickerson. City auditor, A.W. Blackman and city clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

The following report and recommendations were submitted by Commissioner Smith:

REPORT	1. Closing of alley at rears of fire station. 2. Promotion of officer

Smith	Pierce to Sergeant. 3. Cancellation of Chauffuers license, rests with

municipal court. 4. Resignation of Harry LaFavor. 5. Officers on leave
of absence, taken off payroll. 6. Purchase of cash books to cover food
supplies. 7. Employment of officers for replacement. 8. Purchase of
badges and distinction for Special Police. 9. Appointment of Don Borax,
Chief, Harry Miller, Asst., Chief with increase of salary from $225.00
to $230 per month. 10. Appointment of David Mackey to position of 

patrolman. 11. Ratify establishment of assistant Cheif of Police. 12. Mr.

Jay Russell to service motorcycles including washing, lubricating and
making necessary running repairs at $60 per month. 13. Granting leave
of absence to officers, subject to call. 14. Officers employed as patrolmen
on probation period of three months at a salary of $6 per day. 15. All
officers to have one out of seven days off duty, subject to call. If they
are not available accounty of sickness or out of town. Tolerance. 16.
Officers on Westside to use city owned cars stored at city barns after moving,
to new quarters. 17. Officers on Westside to use office adjacent to 

Underpass. 18. Purchase of car for Westside officers.

The matter of closing alley behind police station was held over.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the report of Commissioner Smith be adopted

with the exception of the employment of David Mackey as a patrolman and