Las Vegas, Nevada
October 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held the 16th day of
 	October, 1943, the meeting was called to order at the hour of 10:50 A.M., by

His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members present: Commissioners
Smith, Corradetti, Bates, City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioner
Clark, Auditor, Mac Cazier, and City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.

MINUTES APPROVED Commissioner Smith moved that the Minutes of the previous meeting by approved

by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL   Commissioner Smith moved that the Petty Cash Fund in the Electrical Department
DEPARTMENT - be established in the amount of $25.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates,
PETTY CASH FUND and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

Mayor Cragin appointed Commissioner Bates to audit Commissioner Clark's claims
in his absence.

CLAIMS	  Commissioner Smith moved that Claims Nos. 3845 to 3858, inclusive, in the sum

of $3,530.15 be approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

PAYROLL	  Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 3690 to 3844, inclusive, in

the sum of $13,797.98 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

NEVADA INDUS-   Commissioner Smith moved that when and as cash is received from the Nevada
TRIAL INSURANCE  Industrial Commission for Compensation Insurance cases to City employees

injured in line of service, the amount so received shall be appropriated to
the respective Departments which are charged with payment of the full salary
of said injured employee. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

WAR MEMORIAL   Commissioner Bates moved that the City reserve the right to demand Public
BUILDING - V Liability Insurance in the sum of $25,000.00 and $50,000.00 if deemed necessary
RENTAL	when renting the War Memorial Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GOLF BOARD - Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas accept the verbal
MARSHALL’S   resignation of Judge George Marshall from the Municipal Golf Board and
RESIGNATION	that Dr. Woodbury be appointed on the staff.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

PLUMBING,	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the action of Commissioner

BUILDING AND   Smith for ordering 12 Building Codes and that the Purchasing Agent be
ELECTRIC CODES  authorized to order 12 Electrical and Plumbing Codes.

PURCHASED

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noe s none.

WAR MEMORIAL   Commissioner Smith moved that the Army be given permission to hold a
BUILDING - ARMY  Boxing Show in	the War	Memorial	Building and that they furnish the City

BOXING SHOW	with Public Liability	Insurance	in the amount of $25,000.00 and $50,000.00,

as heretofore agreed upon, and that the rental be $50.00 for the three days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

WAR MEMORIAL   Commissioner Bates moved that the request of the American Federation of Labor
BUILDING - A.F. for permission	to hold	their convention on the War Memorial Building on	the

OF L. CONVENTION 19th, 20th and	21st of	November	be granted. Further, that the rental is

$10.00 per day and the Board of City Commissioners waived insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

TAXI CAB	  Commissioner Bates moved that the Board grant licenses for all cabs now

APPLICATIONS owned or hereafter owned by the present cab owners; however, no cab company

shall be allowed more than 6 cabs to operate on the streets of Las Vegas
at any one time.

Further, that no cab company shall be granted a permit to operate more
cabs than he has in operation at this time and which has heretofore been
authorized by the City Commission. All cab companies shall identify their