October 3
19	4 6

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case #20, John Cost

West 90 Ft. of lots 1, 2, 3 and 4
Block 27, Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite
301-303-305 Lewis Street

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable
board adopt an order approving the recommendation of the joint
planning commission that the above petitioner be granted permission
to use the lots indicated at the above addresses for RESTRICTED
COMMERCIAL USE as described below. Such lots are located at the
above addresses in residence zone #5, as legally described in the 

petition for exception, a copy of which is on file in the office of the
planning commission. These lots are included in an area which will
be redistricted to include professional offices under the new land use
plan.

It is further recommended that your order include the
following provisions:

1.	That such lots be subject only to restricted
commercial use classified as professional
offices for the administration to persons
(but not for the housing thereof) of 

professional, medical or dental practices.

2.	The display of any signs upon the above 

mentioned premises shall be limited to one sign
for each professional office not exceeding
one-half square foot in area and containing
only the name of the occupant. No flashing
or blinking lights shall be placed upon any
such sign which shall be located at the 

entrance of each professional office.

3.	That the conduct of such professional use be
subject to any other laws or regulations of
the State of Nevada or the City of Las Vegas.

4.	That the external appearance of the existing
or any future buildings be residential in
character and that plans for any intended
remodeling thereof first be submitted to

and approved by the planning commission prior
to the issuance of any building permits for
such remodeling.

This petition involving property legally described
therein and classified in residence zone #5 was presented to
and reviewed by members of the joint planning commission on
October 1, 1946. After consideration of all factual data
before members of the commission, it was determined that the
exception here recommended under the conditions set forth was
consistent with the intent and purposes of the City zoning
ordinance and amendments thereto now being prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

Las Vegas -- Clark County
Joint Planning Commission

/s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

CGP:GM

CC-City Manager
John Cost

October 3
19	4 6

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case #21, Mrs. Louise Conklin

Lots 24, 25 and 26, Block 28, Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite
316-318 South Fourth Street

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your honorable
board adopt an order approving the recommendation of the joint
planning commission that the above petitioner be granted per-