GAMING LICENSES		Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of

GRANTED	Frank M. Bollig for a license of seven slot machines at

	the City Drug, 231 Fremont Street, and the application

of Jack Furnace for a license for two slot machines at
Tillie’s Cafe, 1039 South Main Street, he granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS 	The reports of the Building, Plumbing, and Electrical

Departments for the month of August, 1944, were presented,
read, and ordered filed.

AUDITOR'S REPORT 	Commissioner Bates moved that the report of the City

Auditor relative to his trip to Carson City on matters
relating to the Amended Budget for 1944 and his expense
account thereto, be accepted, approved, and copied into
the minutes.

TO:	Charles C. McCall, City Manager	FROM:	T.E.Fennessy, City Auditor

DATE: September 6, 1944
SUBJECT:	Trip to Reno and Carson City

August 31, 1944

On August 31, 1944, in accordance with instructions, I travelled to Reno and Carson
City on City business relative to the budget, needed equipment, etc.

The results were quite successful and are recorded here for your information:

1. Amended State Budget was discussed with Mr. Allard and is acceptable for present-
ation.

(a)	Joint Planning Commission expenses may be budgeted for our share only by using
our Unapportioned Clearing account.

(b)	Outstanding Checks and Unclaimed Wages should be recorded on the City records
and retained thereon for the period specified in the Statute of Limitations.

(c)	Purchases for others (County, Red Cross, etc.) may be handled through Unapportioned
Clearings as a non-budget item.

(d) If Special Funds (Cemetery, Bonds, etc.) are provided with funds from taxation
or license collections, they must be included in the budget.

(e)	Our method of purchasing for "Stores" and later transferring to departments is
satisfactory.

(f)	The proposed method of clearing "prison labor" to a Fines-Prison Labor account,
by drawing a warrant chargeable to the using department is satisfactory.

(g)	The proposal to draw a warrant for outstanding commitments at the year end is
not acceptable to the Tax Commission. We may, however, set aside a contingency
in the departments for the following year to meet these commitments.

(h)	Fire Station:	if approved by the Board of Commissioners, funds may be segregated

in a seperate bank account under the control of the County Treasurer, ex officio
City Treasurer.

(i)	Huntridge Development - We may spend in excess of our budget an amount equal to
the sum "donated” to the City by Huntridge Development. The only State require-
ment is that this Special Fund be listed as a receipt and an expenditure in our
"actual" figures for 1944 when we submit our 1945 budget.

(j)	City Bonds can be refinanced at lower interest rates if the holders of the bonds
are willing to sell or exchange their 6% and 7% holdings for bonds carrying a
lower interest rate. Suggest City Attorney investigate this possibility more fully.

If we find there is 2% or 3% money available, it would be to the distinct advantage
of the local taxpayers to affect a refinancing.

(k)	Emergency loans cannot be made from surplus collections in the General Fund account.
This privilege is reserved to County Governments only. Cities must actually borrow
the funds required for the emergency and pay back the loan in subsequent years,
(within 2½ years); amounts collected in excess of budget carry over to next year.

It is recommended that the City Attorney investigate this decision of the Tax
Commission in relation to the pending $25,000.00 emergency loan.

2.	Called on the State Engineer relative to the obtaining of a Chip Spreader on a rental
basis. Mr. Robert A. Allen, State Highway Engineer, made several long distance calls to various
State Division Offices and located two spreaders. Onewas available for two weeks; the other at
Tonopah was available for 20 to 30 days. He then contacted his travelling engineer, Mr. Walsh,
and instructed him to arrange the shipment of the spreader from Tonopah to Mr. Murphy, State
Division Engineer at Las Vegas, for rental to the city. He further stated that we should use
the Las Vegas spreader also when not in use by the State Department here.

Mr. Allen also suggested including the independent dealers in our future requests for
bids on road oils. He indicated there is a saving of approximately $4.00 per ton, but that
independent deliveries are a little less dependable than the "Standard" companies.

3. State Health Officer checked over his account with us and Is sending a billing for one
quarter that is unpaid. He stated that he has had a very bad report from one of his investigators
on public health conditions in this area. I told him I was not qualified to pass judgment on the
report in any way. He feels we are not getting our $5,000 worth of service and expects to make

a personal inspection soon. He furnished me with pamphlets covering Health & Sanitation for the
use of Mr. Davis, Plumbing Inspector.