There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, 

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until 10:00 A.M. June the 7th, 1943.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
any; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 7, 1943

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th
day of June, 1943. Meeting called to order at the hour of 10:00 A.M. by His Honor,
Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members present: Commissioners Clark,

Bates, Corradetti, Smith; City Auditor and Purchasing Agent, Mac Cazier; and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent; Harry H. Austin, City Attorney.

At this time Mayor Cragin outlined his program stating his intentions and policies
for the term and thereafter made the following appointments: Commissioner of
Finance, A. F. Smith, Sr.; Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights, C. R. "Pat" 

Clark; Commissioner of Streets, Walter B. Bates; Commissioner of Police and
Fire, A. L. Corradetti.

APPOINTMENT     Commissioner Corradetti moved that A. F. Smith, Sr. be appointed Mayor pro tem.
MAYOR PRO TEM   Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:

A. F. SMITH     Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting

aye; noes none. Commissioner Smith at this time thanked the Board for the honor
bestowed upon him.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved as
read. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting
aye; noes none.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until 2:00 P.M.
this date. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor

Cragin voting aye; noes none.

--oOo---

The meeting reconvened at the hour of 2:30 P.M. with all members present as of
the opening session this date.

BOARD MEETINGS  Commissioner Smith moved that the Board of Commissioners meet, in the future, at
2nd & 16th      2:00 P.M. on the 2nd and 16th days of each month. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and	carried by	the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,	Clark,	Corradetti,

Smith and	His Honor,	Mayor Cragin voting	aye; noes none.

DEPUTY CLERKS   Commissioner Smith moved that the office girls in the City Clerk's office have
SALARIES	their monthly salary set at $150.00 a month in lieu of $140.00 a month, beginning

as of June 7, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor

Cragin voting aye; noes none.

SALARY	Commissioner Smith moved that Mac Cazier's salary be increased from $200.00 per

MAC CAZIER    month to $300.00 per month beginning June 7, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Bates and	carried by	the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,	Clark,	Corradetti,

Smith and	His Honor,	Mayor Cragin voting	aye; noes none.

STERLING	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Auditor be authorized to secure three bids

TRUCK	 	for overhauling the Sterling truck in the Electrical Department. Motion seconded

OVERHAUL	by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes none.

PROPHYLAXIS 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Government be allowed to renew the lease on the

STATION	 	prophylaxis station at the Police Station for a period of one year from July 1,

LEASE	 	1943 to June 30, 1944 at a monthly rental of $15.00 and the Mayor and City Clerk

authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor,

Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes none.

CITY	 	A letter dated May 24, 1943 and signed by Charles F. Thomas, Jr., Secretary of the

STATIONERY  	Typographical Union asking the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to see

UNION LABEL   that all City printing bear the Union label, was read to the Board at this time.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that all City stationery hereafter bear the
Union label. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin

voting aye; noes none.