RESOLUTION

Be it resolved that this 7th day of February, 1946, by the Board
of Commissioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed dated the 23rd day of January, 1946, executed by
Theodore M. Konduris, to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be and is 

hereby accepted for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth.

And be it further resolved, that a copy of this resolution be
attached to said deed and that the same be recorded in the Office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and filed
in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bates moved that Ralph W. O'Neill be
hired at a fee not to exceed $500.00 to make a
survey and report on the disposal plant and what
it would take to bring it into good operation
shape, and what population the present disposal
plant, would accommodate if in good operating
condition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that a complaint having
heretofore been filed against Susie's Photo Shop,
operated by Margaret Carney, and Mrs. Carney
having been given a hearing according to the 

provisions of Ordinance 244, it is the findings of
this Board that sufficient cause has been shown
for revocation of her license, and it is hereby
ordered that said license be revoked as of
this date and that the Chief of Police be 

notified accordingly.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and 

carried by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin,

Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The reports of the Electrical Department and the
Building Department for the month of January were
ordered filed.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the recommendation
of the Planning Commission in Zone Case No. 11 be
approved and that Mr. R. Robert Russell be given
permission to erect a hotel or hotel-apartment
building on Lots 28-32 inclusive in Block 21 of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite with the following 

provisions and conditions:

(1)	That the use of said property be limited only to the
uses requested in the applicant's petition, that is;
hotel or hotel apartment building.

(2)	That the building or structures to be constructed on
said property comply with the requirements for Fire
Zone and any other laws or regulations of the City of
Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates, and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates,
Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

This 7th day of February being the time set for the
hearing of a petition for the vacation of a 

certain portion of Lewis Street and certain alleys in
Block 13 and 18 in Pioneer Heights and Wardie
Addition respectively, and no protest being made,
Commissioner Bates moved that the following order
be made.

ORDER

A Petition, dated December 20, 1945, signed by three (3) freeholders
residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of This Board
petitioning for the vacation of a certain portion of Lewis Street and 

certain alleys in Blocks 13 and 18, in Pioneer Heights and Wardie Addition,
respectively, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and said vacations
being in accordance with the recommendation of the Las Vegas-Clark County
Joint Planning Commission, as set forth in said Planning Commission's letter
dated December 21 , 1945, and directed to the Honorable Mayor and Board of City
Commissioners which reads in part as follows:

"At this time the Planning Commission recommends only the
vacation of: 

(1) Lewis Street between Eighth and Ninth Streets

PETITION--LEWIS STREET
Pioneer Heights and
Wardie Addition....

DEPARTMENTAL REPORT

ZONE CASE #11
Approved

SUSIE'S PHOTO SHOP
License Revoked

SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANT
REPORT