CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 26, 1946

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held in the Commissioners' Council Chamber in the War
Memorial Building on Friday, July 26, 1946 at the hour of 11:15 a.m. to act
upon the following:

1.	Negotiate lease agreement for USO

2.	Negotiate for acquiring federally owned sewer system.

3.	Drainage easements Bonanza Village.

4.	Authorize certificate re: swimming pool.

5.	Gaming application - Swiss Village.

s/ E. W. Cragin	_____

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	E. W. CRAGIN, Mayor, C. R. CLARK, A. CORRADETTI, R. T. BASKIN, WALTER

BATES, Commissioners, and T. E. FENNESSY, City Manager, of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Cragin, a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada will be held on Friday, July 26, 1946 at the
hour of 11:15 a.m. to consider the following:

1.	Negotiate lease agreement for USO

2.	Negotiate for acquiring federally owned sewer system

3.	Drainage easements Bonanza Village

4.	Authorize certificate re: swimming pool

5.	Gaming application - Swiss Village

s/ Helen Scott Reed

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

We, the undersigned, Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special
Meeting:

s/ E. W. Cragin	s/ Pat Clark_________

Mayor	Commissioner

s/ A. Corradetti	s/ Bob Baskin

Commissioner	Commissioner

s/ Walter B. Bates   s/T. E. Fennessy_____

Commissioner	City Manager

Meeting was called to order at the hour of 11:15 a.m. by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen Scott
Reed. Also present was Mr. David Oliver representing the
Federal Works Agency.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their
consideration:

Resolution

RESOLVED that the Mayor be authorized to negotiate for the purchase of
federally owned equipment located in the USO Building and enter Into a lease
rental agreement with the FWA on the following basis:

1.	That the city offer the sum of $2,500.00, payable in cash for the
purchase of the movable equipment.

2.	That the city offer to lease the real property for an annual rental of
$4,000.00 payable $2,000.00 on January 1, 1947 covering the rental
from July 1, 1946 to and including December 31, 1946, and 

semiannually on the 1st day of July and January, provided; that the FWA
will agree in the event the City makes ten (10) semi-annual payments of
$2,000.00 each to deliver title to the real property by means of a
quit claim deed in consideration of the rental paid.

It is understood that the lease shall be for a period of one (1) year with
automatic renewal, without notice, for not to exceed four (4) years thereafter,
and that the city shall have the right to terminate the lease as of June 30th of
any year during the lease term, upon thirty (30) days advance notice in writing
to the FWA.

USO BUILDING—
Lease Rental
Agreement