DESERT INN

BONANZA LIQUOR STORE

PAUL R. GANG

HARRY FARNOW -- Liquor
Application Denied

PAWN SHOP LICENSE
George Harris

EMERGENCY LOAN

LIQUOR LICENSES

Commissioner Clark moved that the following liquor licenses
be granted:

HOUSE OF MURPHY	1409	South	5th	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage

Ray O. Soles	1503	South	5th	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage

LA FONDA MEXICAN FOODS

(Formerly Tip's 	Cafe()	1515	South	5th	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage

P.A. Espanoza

STAN & MARY’S DRIVE	IN	931 Fremont	Retail	Restaurant	Beverage

(Formerly Billies Drive In)	Stan Morse & Mary Franklin

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of George Pappas
for a Retail Liquor License at 1507 South 5th Street be granted
upon his filing with the City Clerk a letter from John Anton
stating that he is no longer interested in said license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Raymond Salmon
for a Sealed Package Miniature Liquor license at the Bonanza
Liquor store, 418 West Bonanza Road, formerly operated by Mr.
Chester Pate stating that he is no longer associated with the
business.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin,Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Paul R. Gang
for a Sealed Package Miniature Liquor License at 215 Fremont be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Harry D. Farnow
for a Tavern license at 121 Fremont be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and
His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of George Harris
for a pawnshop license on South 1st Street in the Charleston
Hotel be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the resolution authorizing the
Board of City Commissioners in the City of Las Vegas to make a
temporary emergency loan approved by the State Board of Finance
September 21, 1946, be Copied into the minutes as follows:

RESOLUTION

STATE BOARD OF FINANCE

Meeting held September 21, 1946

RESOLUTION AUTHORIZING Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

TO MAKE TEMPORARY EMERGENCY LOAN

WHEREAS, It being made to appear to the satisfaction of the State Board
of Finance, duly called and met in session under and pursuant to the provisions of
that certain Act of the Legislature of Nevada entitled "An Act Regulating the
Fiscal Management of Counties, Cities, Towns, School Districts and other 

Governmental Agencies," approved March 22, 1917, as amended, that a great necessity or
emergency has arisen in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that necessity now exists for authorizing the obtaining of a temporary loan
by and on the part of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
for the purpose of meeting such emergency as expressed in and shown by the 

preamble and resolution unanimously adopted at a meeting of said Board of City 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas duly called and held on the 9th day of 

September, 1946, authorizing a temporary loan for the purpose set forth in said 

resolution, a duly certified copy of which is now on file and of record in the office
of the State Board of Finance; and

WHEREAS, It further appearing that notice of intention to adopt said
emergency resolution was duly published according to law; therefore, be

RESOLVED, By the State Board of Finance, that said act and resolution
of said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, authorizing a temporary loan of Two Hundred Thirty-one Thousand
Dollars ($231,000) as in said resolution set forth and authorized, be and the
same is hereby approved; and be it further

RESOLVED, That a duly certified copy of this resolution be transmitted
by the Secretary of the State Board of Finance to said Board of City Commissioners

of the City of Las Vegas,in order that the same may be recorded in the minutes of