Commissioner Clark moved that the hid of the Eureka
Fire Hose Company for 600 foot of Paragon Multiple
Brass Fittings N.S.T. at 90 cents a foot, making a
total of $540.00., be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

BIDS - CRUSHED  	Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of U. S.

GRAVEL CHIPS	Limestone Products of Sloan, Nevada for 250 to 1500

tons of l¼ inch to 1/16 inch crushed stone or crushed
gravel chips f.o.b. plant at Sloan, Nevada, to be
loaded by City Equipment in the sum of 50¢ per 2000
pounds be accepted, this being the only bid received.

Commissioner Clark seconded the motion; carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RIGHT OF WAY		Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed

SHADOW STREET 	to confer with the County Commissioners relative to

their cooperation in obtaining right of way on Shadow
Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;noes, none.

AIR COMPRESSOR		Commissioner Bates moved that the Purchasing Agent be

STREET DEPARTMENT 	instructed to purchase an Ingersoll-Rand 5 horsepower

air compressor for $398.00. for the Street Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

AMENDED BUDGET	Commissioner Clark moved that the amended budget for

1944 as submitted be accepted subject to the approval
of the State Tax Commission; that the City Auditor be
directed to go to Carson City, Nevada, to confer with
the State Tax Commissioner, Mr. Allard, on the amended
budget; that all necessary expenses incurred on the
trip be taken care of by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROJECT NEV.26-130-N	The following resolution was presented to the Board

RESOLUTION	for its consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, The United States of America has made request to the City of Las Vegas
that it approve the wage rate schedule heretofore submitted on August 18, 1944, on Project
Nev. 26-130-N, and

WHEREAS, the said City of Las Vegas, as offeree for said wage rate schedule
has deemed said wage rate schedule desirable for the Project hereinabove mentioned,

NOW, THEREFORE, Be it resolved by the City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
that said wage rate schedule hereinabove mentioned be and the same is hereby accepted as
the effective wage rate schedule on Project Nevada 26-130-N.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution be
accepted:

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION:	The following resolution was presented to the Board for

Project Nevada 26-130-N	its consideration: