each year at the office of the City Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada, to mature
serially $8,000.00 each year commencing January 1, 1947 to and including January
1, 1966; we will pay you upon delivery of the bonds to us their par value, plus
accrued intest from the date of the bonds to the date of their delivery to us, plus
a premium of $ XX.

In the event that the cost of the construction of the two swimming pools, to be
constructed from the proceeds from the sale of these bonds, is less than $160,000,

The number of bonds to be issued shall be reduced by a number equal to the last
full $1,000 of such reduction and shall be applied to the series in the reverse order
of their maturities; in the event that less than $160,000.00 of bonds are delivered
to us, the premium is to be reduced in proportion to the number of unissued bonds.

In order to give you sufficient time to ascertain the cost of constructing the
swimming pools we agree to accept deferred delivery of the bonds until July 7,

1946.

You agree to deliver to us at the time we take up and pay for the bonds, the
favorable approving opinion of Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson, bond Attorneys of
Denver, Colorado.

Attached is our Cashier's Check payable to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of $8,100.00, being 5% or more of that amount of our bid, which check is to be
held as an evidence of our good faith In this transaction, and applied as part 

payment on the bonds when they are delivered to us in accordance with the terms of Our
bid therefor. If our bid is rejected, or if the bond attorneys fail to Issue their
approving opinion as to the legality of the bonds, you agree to promptly return our
check to us.

Respectfully submitted,

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF NEVADA

Reno, Nevada

By /s/ C. Wengert____________

Vice President

After careful consideration by the Board of City Commissioners
of the Bid, Commissioner Bates Introduced and moved the 

adoption of the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, in response to official advertisement for bids on $160,000 Las
Vegas, Nevada, Swimming Pool Bonds, it has been determined that the bid of the
First National Bank of Nevada of Reno, Nevada, is the highest, best and most
advantageous bid received for the purchase of said bonds, and that it is to the 

advantage of Las Vegas, Nevada, and the taxpayers thereof, that said bid be accepted.

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved that the bid of the First National Bank
of Nevada of Reno, Nevada, be, and the same is hereby accepted, which bid is as
follows, to-wit:

January 7, 1946

Honorable Board of City Commissioners
Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

As per your notice of sale for $160,000.00 Las Vegas, Nevada, General Obligation
Swimming Pool Bonds, Series of 1947-66, to be dated January 1, 1946, to be in the
denomination of $1,000.00 each, to bear interest at the rate of 1 3/4% per annum,
interest payable semi-annually on January l, and July 1 of each year at the office
of the City Treasurer at Las. Vegas, Nevada, to mature serially $8,000.00 each
year commencing January 1, 1947 to and including January 1, 1966; we will pay you
upon delivery of the bonds to us their par value, plus accrued interest from the date
of the bonds to the date of their delivery to us, plus a premium of $ XX.

In the event that the cost of the construction of the two swimming pools, to be
constructed from the proceeds of the sale of these bonds, is less than $160,000.00
the number of bonds to be Issued shall be reduced by a number equal to the last
full $1,000 of such reduction and shall be applied to the series in the reverse
order of their Maturities; in such event that less than $160,000.00 of bonds are
delivered to us, the premium is to be reduced in proportion to the number of unissued
bonds. In order to give you sufficient time to ascertain the cost of constructing
the swimming pools we agree to accept deferred delivery of the bonds until July
7, 1946.

You agree to deliver to us at the time we take up and pay for the bonds, the 

favorable approving opinion of Pershing, Bosworth, Dick and Dawson, bond attorneys of
Denver, Colorado.

Attached is our Cashier's Check payable to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of $8,100.00, being 5% or more of the amount of our bid, which check is to
be held as an evidence of our good faith in this transaction, and applied as part
payment on the bonds when they are delivered to us In accordance with the terms of
our bid therefor. If our bid is rejected, or if the bond attorneys fail to issue
their approving opinion as to the legality of the bonds, you agree to promptly return
our check to us.