Commissioner Bates moved, that all bids on M. C. 1
and M. C. 3 being equal, that the bids for M. C. 1
be awarded to the Richfield Oil Company and the
Union Oil Company. M. C. 3 be awarded to Gilmore
Oil Company and Standard Oil Company. And the bid
on Asphalt Emulson be awarded to the American
Bitumuls Company. That the bids on M. C. 1 and
M. C. 3 be awarded on an equal basis.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

It appearing that the General Petroleum Company
had the low bid on Motor Oil, but that the 

specifications were not as per bid called for; end that
the Standard Oil Company of California having the
second lowest bid with proper specifications,
Commissioner Smith moved that the bid for Motor Oil
be awarded to the Standard Oil Company of California
on the basis of the specifications.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

FIRE PROTECTION OUTSIDE THE	Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City

CITY LIMITS -	Clerk be authorized to sign a contract between the

City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark for
furnishing fire protection on South Fifth Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that this meeting
recess until March 1, at the hour of 11:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 1, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 1st day of March, 1945:
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W.
Cragin at the hour of 11:00 A. M. with the following
members present: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,
and Smith. City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.;

City Manager, Chas. C. McCall; and City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

The following Preambles and Resolution was presented
to the Board of their consideration:

PREAMBLES AND RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, this is the year provided by law for the
holding of a General Election in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and

WHEREAS, there are to be elected at said election two
Commissioners each for a term of four years, and a Municipal
judge for a term of two years, and a City Attorney for a term
of two years, and a City Clerk for a term of four years, and