RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, The United States of America has on this date made a grant offer
to the City of Las Vegas of F.W.A. Project Nevada 26-130-N, wherein the United States
of America offers to the City of Las Vegas a grant of $32,440.00. to aid the City of
Las Vegas in financing, acquiring, and constructing public works consisting of fire
station facilities, including necessary land and equipment, and

WHEREAS, all contributions of said grant offered as fully set forth in F.W.A.
form No. W-100, dated October 15, 1943, are acceptable,

NOW, THEREFORE, Be it Resolved by the City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas that said offer be and the same is hereby accepted and the Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas together with the City Clerk thereof are empowered to execute the ac-
ceptance of said offer and any other document or documents necessary to be executed
in order to complete the acceptance of said grant offer.

Commissioner Bates moved the adoption of the foregoing
resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

CLAIM 	Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and the City

#56-0-49	Clerk be authorized to sign claim #56-0-49, in the sum

of $691.49 on the U.S.. Fidelity & Guaranty Company;
that copy of minute order and claim be forwarded to
Bonding Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that
it adjourn until September seventh at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Smith, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this seventh day of September, 1944:	Meeting called

to order at the hour of 2 p.m. by His Honor, Mayor E. W.
Cragin, with the following members present:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener,
      Jr.; City Manager, Charles C. McCall and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the meeting
held August twenty-second be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS APPROVED	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 183-190

in the sum of $15,669.64 be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL 	Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material Warrants

WARRANTS	No. 191 and 192, inclusive, in the sum of $7,574.78 be

approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.