PAYROLL CLAIMS -	Commissioner Smith moved that payroll Claims numbers

355 to 362 inclusive for $14,956.96 and number 366
for $24.81 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to sign them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

WARRANTS -	Commissioner Smith moved that the service and material

warrants numbers 363 to 365 inclusive for $14,535.00
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

C.A.A. AGREEMENT -	Commissioner Clark moved that in connection with an

agreement between the C.A.A. and the City of Las Vegas
for the installation of an instrument landing system
at the Las Vegas Air Field, the Non-discrimination clause
(Amendment number 1 to original agreement) be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same,
in accordance with instructions in the letter dated
March 8, 1945 from the Civil Aeronautics Administration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HUMANE SOCIETY AGREEMENT - Commissioner Bates moved that an agreement dated

March 22, 1945 between the Clark County Humane Society
and the City of Las Vegas be approved and be made 

effective as of January 1, 1945; and the Mayor and City Clerk
be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTERN AIR LINE	It was ordered that the City Clerk file the letter of

LETTER FILED -	March 13, 1945 from L. H. Dwerlkotte, Executive Vice

President of Western Air Lines to Colonel George E. Henry
relative to payment of water service at the Airport
terminal.

SIDEWALK PAVING -	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be 

Delinquent Notices	authorized to proceed against all holders of delinquent 

sidewalk notices which were issued during 1944, as provided
in Ordinance 291. Said work is to be paid for from the
General Fund of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
		following vote: Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RECREATION DIRECTOR -	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendation of the

Recreation Board be ratified and that Alva G. Borders
be employed at a salary of $300.00 per month on a month
to month basis as Recreation Director of the City of
Las Vegas, and further that the Recreation Board be 

informed that the amount set up in their 1945 Budget is the
total funds available for their use.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FIRE STATIONS -	Commissioner Bates moved that regular colored tile be

Change Order	used for flower boxes instead of natural stone finish,

at no additional cost to the City and that the Mayor be
authorized to initial letters of transmittal. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PROCLAMATION -	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor be authorized to

make the following proclamation:

PROCLAMATION

KNOW ALL MEN, WOMEN, AND CHILDREN

By These Presents:

THAT, Whereas the NATIONAL CLEAN UP, PAINT UP, AND
FIX UP CAMPAIGN has resulted in many advantages to 

community life throughout the United States,