Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that the meeting
recess until 2 P.M. March 28.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 28, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 28th day of March, 194b. Meeting
called to order by his Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the
hour of 2 P.M. with the following members present:

Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark; City Attorney, C.

Norman Cornwall; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Heed. Absent; Commissioner
Corradetti.

At this time, Mayor Cragin made the following statement:	

"An order was heretofore made by this Board wherein no
more liquor licenses would be issued by this Board until we
could arrive at a fair and equitable manner to handle licenses.
This Board has held many informal meetings and after much
discussion has arrived at the following decision with 

references to liquor licenses. In formation has been brought
out for us that liquor licenses in most states are granted
on the bases of population; namely, one tavern to each one
thousand population, end one liquor store to each one thousand
population. We feel that to use the figures to our last
census would not be in order. Therefore, we have used as a
basis for our figures for granting licenses to liquor stores
and taverns the estimated population based on school 

attendance. We have 3,580 children attending school in Las Vegas,
and on the basis of five to one have estimated the 

population at 17,500. At the present time we have over 18 liquor
stores and over 18 taverns, and in as much as some applicants
for liquor stores have had applications in with this Board
prior to the time this oner was made, it is the concensus
of this Board that licenses heretofore filed for liquor stores
be granted, as of this date, and that applications for taverns
be denied. In granting additional liquor stores, we feel
that it would be in line with the number of taverns now 

doing business in Las Vegas, hence no more than 25 package
licenses will be granted, and no more than 31 tavern liquor
licenses, until such time as the population justifies it."

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing statement be
approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His

 Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.



Commissioner Bates moved that the following renewals of gaming
licenses be granted, and further that all applications for
renewals for gaming license be granted for the second quarter
of 1946:

ACE BAR	M.	B.	Abrams	111	South	1st	6	Slots

Adams Grocery	Gayer	Co.,-Lee Hughes	111	North	9th	1	Slot

APACHE BAR	Lena Silvagni	2nd and Fremont	11 Slots

BALLS GROCERY	Gayer Co.,-Lee Hughes	404 South 2nd	2 Slots

BARNEY'S GROCERY	H.	G.	Tucker	630	South	5th	1	Slot

BEACON SHOP	L.	P.	Lawrence	112	North	3rd	3	Slots

BOBBIE'S CAFE	Jack Weisberger	508 North Main	2 Slots

BELVERDERE CAFE	Gayer Co. ,-Lee Hughes	H and Harrison	1 Slot

BOULDER CLUB	A. H. Stevenson, Jr.	118-120 Fremont	33 Slots

1	Pan
1 Poker
1 RH Keno

1	Tango - 100 Chairs

2	Roulette

3	Craps
1 Faro Bank

1	Big "6"

4	"21" Games
1 RH Book

GAMING APPLICATIONS