1.	Adequate easement is retained in lieu of the
dedicated alleyway for maintenance of present
or future utility, with approval of the 

Utilities Companies concerned.

2.	That the petition submitted be in proper legal
order before any final action thereon. Due to
the subdivision of some of the original lots in
this particular block, it is apparent that all

of the abutting owners are not represented on the
petition.

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held
August 22nd, 1945, set September 28th, 1945, at the hour of
2:00 P.M., at the Commissioner's Room of the Board of 

Commissioners in the War Memorial Building, located at the 

northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada,
as the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and 

recommendation, and Ordered the City Attorney to cause notice of
said hearing to be posted as in sad hearing to be posted as in
said Order provided, which notice was to set forth the extent
of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Claud C. Sargent
filed with the Clerk of this Board, that the notice provided for
for in said Order, a copy of which is attached to said 

Affidavit, was posted on the 24th day of August, 1945, in the 

manner prescribed by said Order.

And the 28th day of September, 1945 being the time fixed
for the hearing of said Petition for Vacation and 

recommendation thereof; and a petition signed by three (3) freeholders owning
property in said vicinity protesting said vacation was filed
with the City Clerk on August 8th, 1945, and this Board having
heard evidence in support of said recommendation and petition for Vacation,
and their being no evidence presented in support of the
Petition of said three freeholders protesting said vacation; and
being satisfied that the public will not be materially injured by
such proposed vacation;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED: That the following described alley in
Block 18 of Buck’s Subdivision, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, to-wit:

That certain alley running north and south between

Mesquite and Ninth streets in block 18 of Buck’s

Subdivision,

be and the same hereby vacated.

/s/ E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Helen Scott Reed
City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bate , Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Order adopted by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the 28th of
September, 1945, vacating the easterly fifteen feet of right-
of-way boarding Lots 1, 7, 8, 9, 10, and 11, Block 19 of
Ladd’s Addition, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada be amended to read as follows:

ORDER VACATING ROADWAY OR STREET

A revised Petition, revising a Petition dated March 20th, 1944
signed by two (2) freeholders residing in the area affected, signed by
ten (10) freeholders residing in the area affected having been filed with the
Clerk of this Board and referred to the Las Vegas-Clark County joint
Planning Commission on the 30th day of January, 1945, petitioning for the
vacation of that certain roadway or street, in Section 14, Block 19, of
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County. Nevada; and s id Petition having been
by Order of said Board referred to the Planning Commissioner, and said
Planning Commission having filed its report dated February 2, 1945, with
the Board of Commissioners of the Las Vegas, Nevada, which said report
recommended that:

"In order that a uniform street development along the
east side of 14th Street could be obtained, it was

VACATION 14th STREET
Ladd's Addn.