RESOLUTION

Resolved that the City of Las Vegas, acting by and thru its Mayor, be and he
is hereby authorized to sell the following described parcel of ground situated in the
N½ of the SW¼ of the NW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 16, T.21S., R.61E., M.D.B. & M. County
of Clark, State of Nevada, described by metes and bounds as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the point of intersection of the left
or westerly fifty (50) foot Highway right of way line and the
north boundary of the SW¼ of the NW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 16,

T.-21S., R.61#., M.D.B. & M., which bears N.89°00'07" W. a 

distance of 52.16 feet from Highway Engineer's Station "o"956-
15.44 P.O.C., said point of beginning being further described
as bearing S 20°58' E. a distance of 710.05 feet from the west
one-quarter corner of said Section 16; thence from a tangent
which bears S.17°47'60" W. curving to the left along said right
of way line with a radius of 4062.00 feet thru an angle of
00°31'01" a distance of 35.47 feet to a point; thence N.89°00'07" W.
a distance of 98.44 feet to a point: thence N.O°54'43" E. a distance of
34.00 feet to a point on the north boundary of the SW¼ of the NW¼
of the SW¼ of said Section 16; thence S.89°00'07" E. along said
boundary line a distance of 108.64 feet to the point of beginning,
and containing an area of 3520.36 square feet more or less,

now belonging to the undersigned, for the sum of One ($1) Dollar and for the purpose
of cooperating with and assisting the State of Nevada, Department of Highways in
securing sufficient room upon which to provide space for the relocation of certain
improvements of Grace Hayes and known as the"Red Rooster Night Club" and for the
reason that, due to the reconstruction of the State Highway and the acquisition of
right of way to accommodate the same, said "Red Rooster Night Club", will have to be
moved and that said Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to make, execute and deliver
good and sufficient transfers of and deed to the above mentioned described property,
and to sigh the name of the City of Las Vegas thereto, and to affix its corporate
seal.

I hereby certify that at a regular meeting of the City Council of the City of
Las Vegas, the above Resolution was unanimously adopted; that said Resolution was duly
recorded in the minutes of said meeting.

Dated this 22nd day of May, 1946

s/ Helen Scott Reed______________

City Clerk

MASTER ELECTRICIANS' BOARD
Ralph Hensinger

APPLICATION -- Federal Aid
Sewer System

RESOLUTION -- Deed to

Grace Hayes

next thereafter made, in a column for special assessments, and the County Assessor, acting
Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall extend the same on said roll in the same manner as state
and county taxes and assessments are extended, and thereupon the amount so levied in said
assessment roll by the county tax receiver, acting ex-officio city tax receiver, and in
the same manner, and shall continue to be a lien upon the premises assessed until paid,
and when collected shall be credited to the proper funds, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that nothing herein contained shall be construed as 

preventing the City of Las Vegas from collecting the special assessment hereinabove set forth
by suit in the name of the City of Las Vegas in the manner provided by law, and the said
special assessment roll and the certified resolution confirming it, as recorded, shall
be prima facie evidence of the regularity of the proceedings in making the assessment
and of the right of the City to recover judgment therefor.

Commissioner Bates moved that the appointment of Ralph
Hensinger to the Master Electrician's Board be referred
to the Electrical Board for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti
and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be directed to
file an application for Federal Aid for advance planning for
the sewer system and disposal plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their
consideration: