CITY MANAGER'S SALARY	Commissioner Smith moved that "in recognition of

faithful and efficient and economical service 

 	performed by Mr. Charles C. McCall, City Manager,

together with his influential efforts effecting
substantial savings in operation and obtaining 

financial assistance from the United States Government
Administration during the year 1944 which redound to	 

the most good for the greatest number of citizens in
this community, I, therefore, move that Mr. T. E.

Fennessy, Deputy City Clerk, be and hereby is authorized
and instructed that in promulgation of the city budget
for the year 1945, he provide sufficient funds in the
administration department to cover salary in the amount
of seventy-two hundred ($7,200.) dollars per annum 

payable to the City Manager in equal semi-monthly 

installments effective as of January 1, 1945, and in addition
thereto he prepare and set up an expense account budget
in the amount eight hundred ($800) dollars for the
City Manager to be used in the interest of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada.

It being understood, however, reimbursement to City
Manager's expense account in the interest of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, shall be based upon presentation of
claims and/or demands for such reimbursement being made
strictly in compliance with requirements of Ordinance No.

32, adopted July 3, 1912; Ordinance 239, adopted August
4, 1938 and Ordinance #240, adopted September 7, 1938,
together with requirements of the municipal accounting
system manual compiled and promulgated by Mr. George H.

Wood, Certified Public Accountant of Pasadena, California,  
and officially filed in city archives in the Office of
the City Clerk, under date of January 13, 1939.

signed:	A.F; Smith, Sr.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.  

There being no further business to come before the
Board at this time, Commissioner Clark moved that
this meeting adjourn until December 7 at the hour of
2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.