RESOLUTION - 40 & 8 The following resolution was presented to the Board for their

consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, it appears that at least two deceased Veterans have been
buried in Potter's Field in the Woodlawn Cemetery at Las Vegas,and it is
desirable that a plot of ground of at least twenty-five graves be set
aside for the burial of Destitute Veterans.

THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that this voucher request the City Council
of Las Vegas that such a plot, consisting of a space of at least twenty-
five graves be set aside for the burial of destitute veterans, and
that the City make provision for moving the two veterans already buried,
to such plot. That the voucher recommends to Las Vegas Post No. 8,

American Legion, that it take like action thereto.

/s/ CLARK COUNTY VOUCHER 506

Jim Young	)

George Griffith)Committee
C. L. Flemming )

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be
referred to the Cemetery Board for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of the Nevada Biltmore
Hotel for a Cocktail Lounge license for the third quarter be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 543 to 552 

inclusive in the net sum of $14,534.08, be approved and the Mayor and
City Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
voter Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service Material warrants Nos. 525,
553-555 inclusive in the sum of $5,824.06 be approved and the Mayor
City Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

At this time bids from the following firms for the furnishing and
installation of 2,010 square feet of sidewalk along the east side
of the War Memorial Building on Fifth Street received and opened:

E. H. Thomas	$562.75

Fred Callihan	603.00

Stock’s Mill and	 Supply	322.60

Paul Wagner	899.00

Thereafter said bids	were	referred to the Comptroller for tabulation.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be directed to bring
suit against the Union Pacific Railroad in the sum of $367.20 covering
the cost of repairing a sewer line which was broken by them, located
a cross the Las Vegas Creek, between Biltmore Addition No. 1 and
Biltmore Addition No. 2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

At this time a letter was read from Ted Werner requesting lease of
one acre of City land adjacent to the runways at the Municipal
Airport, with access thereto, for the purpose of constructing a
storage hanger and to provide for service and maintenance facilities
for use of private flyers. The City Manager was directed to notify
Mr. Werner that the Airport was under the jurisdiction of the
United States Government.

At this time the report of the Police Department for the month of
August was read and ordered filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Purchasing Agent be directed to secure
Bids for a pick-up truck for the Golf Course.

NEVADA BILTMORE HOTEL
Liquor Application -



PAYROLL CLAIMS -

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS -

BIDS - Sidewalks

CLAIMS - Larkin Plumbing
& Heating Co.

APPLICATION -

Ted Werner

POLICE REPORT

PICK-UP TRUCK -
Bids let