said center line; and also all that portion of the east side of
Maryland Parkway where the same adjoins Block 25 of Tract 3, of
said Huntridge Subdivision, as per plat on file in Book 2 of
Plats, page 54, Clark County, Nevada, Records, lying east of a
line drawn parallel to the center line of Maryland Parkway and
located uniformly fifty-five feet east of said center line.

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT ORDERED:	That a public hearing on said petition and

recommendation of said Planning Board, be had on the 22nd day of September, 1944,
at the hour of 3.30 o'clock P.M. at the Commissioners' Room of the Board of 

Commissioners, in the War Memorial Building, located at the northwest corner of Fifth
and Stewart Streets, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada; and be it further

ORDERED:	That said Petitioners cause notice of said hearing, which shall be

signed by the City Clerk, to be posted in three places on the south side of Charleston
Boulevard, between Tenth and Fifteenth Streets, and also in two places on said Maryland
Parkway, adjacent to said Blocks 24 and 25, in which Notice there shall be set forth the
extent of the proposed vacation:	and be it further

ORDERED:	That said notice be posted at least thirty days, and not more than

forty days, before the date so fixed for said hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin,
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn
until August 22, 1944 at the hour of 2.00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 22, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held the twenty-second day of August, 1944:	Meeting

called to order at the hour of 2.30 p.m. by His Honor
	Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith;

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; City Clerk, Helen Scott
Reed; City Manager, Charles C. McCall.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of August
seven and the minutes of the Special Meeting of August
fourteenth be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS 	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims No. 173 to

180, inclusive, in the sum of $14,283.94 be approved and
the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SERVICE AND MATERIAL  	Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material Claims

CLAIMS	Nos. 172, 181 and 182, inclusive, in the sum of $6,215.32

be approved; the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by

the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.