LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AUGUST 25, 1942

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 25th day of
August, 1942. Meeting called to order by Commissioner Smith. Present:	Commissioners

Tinch and Rubidoux, Absent:	Mayor Garrison and Commissioner Clark.

It being impossible for either the Mayor or Mayor pro tem to be present at this meeting,
his Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison, appointed Commissioner Smith to act as Mayor.

Commissioner Smith stated that at the meeting of the 17th of August, he made a partial report
on meters but was not ready to make a final report and that he was not ready to do so at this
time. He stated further that regardless of the outcome of this meeting, he proposed to carry
this question to the people for the simple reason that the people pay the freight in the end.
Thereafter, Mr. Smith presented a brief transcript of interviews had with various city officials
relative to parking meters.

The following transcript was read regarding meters at Long Beach, California. First group
installed during November, 1936 - 400 @ $58.00 each, $23,200.00. Second group installed
during November, 1937 - 500 at $53.50 each - $26,750.00 and were purchased from the Dual
Parking Co., of Oklahoma City, Ojla., and paid for as follows:	75% of gross receipts to

vendor, the city keeping 25%. The first group was paid in full in ten months. The second
group was paid in full in twelve months.

Mayor Jenkins of Salt Lake City, Utah, on June 11, 1942 advised me in his office that the

	A letter of thanks from the USO for $15 donated for scrap rubber was read

A letter was read from A. P. Neal regarding a golf driving range and same was ordered filed
for future reference.

A letter was read from Mr. Sigurdsen regarding a certain driveway which was referred to the
City attorney.

Commissioner Tinch moved that two tires and tubes be purchased for the street department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission regarding bus stops was referred to Commissioner
Tinch.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the Government acquire the one acre of land owned by Bud S. Barrett
at the airport. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

A letter was read from Mrs. Harry J. Sweany which was referred to Mr. Elser, to be acted upon
at the next regular meeting.

A letter was read from George Callas requesting permission to operate a shoe shine stand on S.
First Street. The city attorney ruled that it was illegal to operate a stand on the Street.

An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance Regulating the Parking of Vehicles on Private Premises"
was read to the Board for the second time. Commissioner Tinch moved the adoption of said
Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Clark.

The clerk was directed to write to Mr. A. H. Harrington that the city is not responsible for
one half of the insurance on the Boy Scout bus.

Commissioner Smith moved that Dorothy Lang be hired in the clerk’s office at a salary of $140
per month to begin as of August 25th,	1942. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Reno Hill be hired on the police force to replace Mr. LaFavre.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the city attorney be instructed to draw up a taxi ordinance
for consideration at the next regular meeting. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor,
voting aye. Noes, none.

The city engineer was instructed to make a check on the location of the Kreiger Oil Station
and the clerk was instructed to write to the State Highway regarding this nuisance.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the use of the city park for Labor Day be turned over to the
use of the Labor Committee, at the request of Mr. Culley. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor,
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Dr. Morgan appeared before the Board at this time regarding the site of the proposed Health
Center. The matter was referred to the city attorney to be reported on at the meeting August
25, 1942.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until August 25, 1942 at the hour of 10:00
A. M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor,the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.