Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the Board meeting
of June 7 and of the special meeting June 15 and also the minutes
of June 4 as amended, be approved by reference and the Mayor
and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims #449 to #458
inclusive, in the net sum of $15,646.77 and Poll Tax in the
sum of $27.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Claims
#446 to #448 inclusive, in the sum of- $26,038.69 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized
to negotiate with Wes Neeley for rental of CCC Building for the
purpose of raising chickens. Said agreement to be submitted to
the Board at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
negotiate an agreement with the Edward L. Burton Company, Salt
Lake City, for sale of bonds for Police Station and Swimming
Pool. Said agreement to be signed by the Mayor and City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be directed to have
notices posted on that Certain property described as follows,
to-wit:

"The easterly fifteen feet of right-of-way bordering lots 1,
7,8,9,10 & 11, Block 19 of Ladd’s Addition, in the City of Las
Vegas as shown by the map thereof on record in the County 

Recorder’s Office, Clark County, Nevada, giving notice for 

hearing for vacation of right of way. Said hearing to be held
on the 24th day of July at the hour of 2:30 P.M."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be directed to
post notices of public hearing July 24, 1945, at the hour of
2:00 P.M. for vacation of certain portions of Linden Street
described as follows, to-wit:

"That portion of Linden Street formerly dedicated as Sycamore
Street, west of 13th Street which dead ends to the rear of the
Kelso-Turner Terrace Addition an area of approximately sixty feet
wide, 128 deep, between Blocks 3 & 4 of the 14th Street Addition,
as shown by the map thereof on record in the County Recorders
Office, Clark County, Nevada."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none:	Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of the Boulder
Club Inc. at 118 Fremont Street for one Race Horse Book be
granted; and the application of the El Cortez Hotel Company for
three slot machines in the Lobby of the Hotel, and four slot
machines in the Casino, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
institute all legal proceedings necessary for the vacation of
two alleys in Block 6 of Ladd Addition to Las Vegas bounded by
Fremont, Carson, Maryland Parkway (12th Street) and 13th Street
excepting that ten feet portion east-west alley adjacent to
Maryland Parkway or 12th Street; and that notice of hearing on
said petition for vacation be given by posting, setting the date
as July 24, at the hour of 2 P.M.

GAMING APPLICATIONS

Additions



NOTICE of HEARING
Vacation of two
Alleys

VACATION—Linden
Street



VACATION—Right of
Way Ladd Addition

AGREEMENT—Edward
L. Burton Co.
Las Vegas Bonds

AGREEMENT--Wes

Neeley

SERVICE & MATERIAL
CLAIMS

PAYROLL CLAIMS