Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

AGREEMENT: WESTERN AIR	   Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager

EXPRESS AND T. W. A.	be authorized to enter into an agreement with

the Western Air Express and the T.W.A. 

permitting them to enlarge and change location of
counters at airport at no expense to the City.

After alterations have been made, rental will
be based on readjusted occupancy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

PLUMBING INSPECTOR'S	 	Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Plumbing

REPORT	Inspector to be filed.

IMPROVEMENT DISTRICTS:	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the report on the

CITY STREETS	 	study of improvement of districts for city streets,

as prepared by the Planning Commission, be filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Smith,

Clark, Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

 

FIRE INSURANCE	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the

CITY PROPERTY	new statement of values for fire insurance purposes

and authorize the City Manager to purchase the 

additional insurance, bringing the total insurance on
buildings and contents up to $82,629.00, representing
90% of their true value.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SALARY:	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the Board approve the

CITY MANAGER'S SALARY	salary raise of Mr. McCall’s secretary from $150.00

per month to $175.00 per month,effective December 1,

1944.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

ADRIAN WILSON	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City

CONTRACT	Clerk be authorized to sign the contract with

Adrian Wilson which contract was amended for the
construction of the new fire station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EMERGENCY LOAN	  Bids for an emergency loan were opened from the

following banks:

Bank of Nevada - 3% - $25,000. - three months.

The First National Bank of Nevada - 3% - $25,0000 -

three months.

Commissioner Clark moved that $12,500 be borrowed on
the Bank of Nevada and $12,500 on the First National
Bank of Nevada for a three months' period; further,
that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute
said notes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PIONEER CONSTRUCTION	The following resolution was presented to the Board

COMPANY	for its consideration:

WHEREAS, the proposals received for the construction of two fire stations (Central
Fire Station and Sub Fire Station) at Las Vegas, Nevada, FWA Project Nev. 26-130-N,
have been duly opened, read and compared, and

WHEREAS, it appears that Ira Goldring, doing business as Pioneer Construction
Company, is the low bidder in the amount of $56,916.00 based upon his low base bid of
$58,616.00, less alternates 1 and 2 as set forth on the construction bid of said project
in the sum of $1,700.00.,

WHEREAS the FWA has set up the amount of $50,100 as the estimated cost of the General
Construction and whereas the low bid of the Pioneer Construction Company was $56,916.00,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas hereby agrees that the cost
of construction which exceeds the amount as set up and agreed by the FWA will be borne
entirely by the City of Las Vegas,Nevada.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

ATTEST:	Helen Scott Reed	By:	E. W. Cragin, Mayor

City Clerk