MECHANICS WAGES	 	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager

be instructed to contact Glen Anderson relative to
mechanics wages for such employees of the City,
and that the results of that meeting are to be
effective as of January 15.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

RESIGNATION-Kenneth Van Vorst     Commissioner Clark moved that the resignation of

Kenneth Van Vorst be accepted as of December 31,

1944. City Manager directed to so notify him.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark and Corradetti; and His Honor voting aye;

  noes, none. Absent Commissioner Smith.

TAXI STAND - U. P. DEPOT	City Manager McCall presented the request of Lee Spiers

for Taxi stand at the new Union Pacific Depot, and
stated that all Taxi Companies desired the same privilege.

Thereafter Commissioner Clark moved that the matter
be held up for further investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
      none. Absent Commissioner Smith.

WAGE SCALE FOR 1945	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board of City

Commissioners adopt the wage scale for 1945 as 

submitted by City Manager McCall with the exception of
City Clerk's Office and Mechanics in the Street
Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner 3ates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

WAR MEMORIAL BUILDING - Boxing   Commissioner Clark moved that the request for use of

the War Memorial Building to stage boxing bouts be
denied, on the ground that a previous ruling of the
Board prehibits using the building for that purpose.
However, the Board is willing to give any outside
facilities they have for this cause and assist them
in any way possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORT	     Mayor Cragin ordered the Building, Electrical and

Plumbing report for the month of December 1944 filed.

PURPOSED MILK ORDINANCE	  Commissioner Bates moved that the City Attorney be

directed to draw up a Milk Ordinance as recommended
by the United States Public Health Service.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners 3ates, Clark,

Corradetti, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

  Absent Commissioner Smith.

RESIGNATION - A. H. Harrington,    Commissioner Bates moved that the resignation of
Planning Commission	  A. H. Harrington, from the Planning Commission be

APPOINTMENT - Max Kelch	   accepted, and Max Kelch be appointed to fill the

unexpired term.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti end His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Smith.

GAMING APPLICATIONS RENEWED      Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming

applications be approved:

Geo. Guice, The Green Lantern, 501 Jackson St., four
slot machines.

Mrs. S. Saunders, Victory Sandwich Shop, 116 So. 1st.

St., one slot machine.

Paralee Adams, Pearl’s Cafe, 224 No. 1st. St., two
slot machines.

Frank C. Kernan, Shay’s Bar B-Que Cafe, 1501 So. 5th.

St., one slot machine.

Joe E. Morgan, Silver Club, 108 No. 1st. St., one crap
game.

R. D. Bingham, Modern Food Market, 315 Fremont, two
slot machines.