THEREUPON it appearing to the Board that the following candidates received a
plurality of all votes cast for their respective offices, Commissioner Smith
moved that:

E. W. Cragin be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years and it was further Resolved that
the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of election
to said E. W. Cragin;

Harry H. Austin be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected City
Attorney for the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years and it was further
Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a 

certificate of election to said Harry H. Austin;

A. G. Blad be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected Municipal Judge
of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing two years and it was further Resolved
that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a certificate of
election to said A. G. Blad;

Walter B. Bates be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected 

Commissioner First Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years and

it was further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue 

a certificate of election to said Walter B. Bates;

A. Corradetti be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected Commissioner
Third Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years and it was
further Resolved that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to said A. Corradetti;

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

Commissioner Smith moved that a City Manager Form of Government be and is hereby
established this 17th day of May, 1943 in recognition of the will of qualified
voters casting a majority vote and that said city manager shall be appointed
at some future date after having been chosen on the basis of his executive and
administrative qualifications with special reference to his actual experience
in, or knowledge of, accepted practices in municipal affairs as so specified in
Assembly Bill No. 182 which constitutes an amendment to the Las Vegas City
Charter, Chapter 2, Section 16½. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,
Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the meeting adjourn until June 4, 1943 at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor

pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas is
hereby called to be held in the Commissioners' Council Chamber in the War
Memorial Building on Wednesday, the 26th day of May, 1943 at the hour of 10:00
A. M., to act upon the following business:

1.	The application of the Veterans of Foreign Wars for
permission to have a carnival.

2.	The application of the Army for use of the Auditorium
gratis - June 1st.

Pat Clark
Mayor pro tem

A. P. Rubidoux
Commissioner

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HOWELL C. GARRISON, and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, A. P. Rubidoux and

A. F. Smith, Sr., Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call this

day issued by Commissioners Pat Clark and A. P. Rubidoux a Special Meeting
of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held
in the Commissioners Council Chamber in the War Memorial Building on Wednesday,
the 26th day of May, 1943, at the hour of 10:00 A. M., to consider the 

following: