Arthur Smith, Sr. moved that an active membership in the
Association of American Cemeteries, at a cost of $17.30
be purchased for George Maxwell, Sexton of Woodlawn
Cemetery.

Motion seconded by Rev. Melton, and carried by the
following vote:	Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, Mr. Smith

and Mr. Rittenhouse voting "aye"; noes, none.

Mr. Rittenhouse moved that the matters contained in a
letter from La Societe Des 40 Hommes et 8 Chebaux,
dated August 11, 1945, and referred to this Committee
by the Board of Commissioners for discussion, which letter
reads as follows:

"RESOLVED:

Whereas it appears that at least two deceased Veterans
have been buried in Potter’s Field in the Woodlawn Cemetery
at Las Vegas and it is desirable that a plot of ground of
at least 25 graves be set aside for burial of destitute
Veterans;

Therefore be it resolved that this Voilture request
the City Council of Las Vegas, that such a plot consisting
of space for at least 25 graves be set aside for burial of
destitute Veterans and that the city make provisions for
moving the two Veterans already buried to such a plot;

That the Voilture recommend to Las Vegas Post No. 8
American Legion, that it take like action hereto;

CLARK COUNTY VOILTURE 306
/s/ Jim Young

Geo. Griffith
C. L. Fleming
COMMITTEE."

be returned to the Board of Commissioners for referral
to the Board of County Commissioners, since the matter
involves indigents.

Arthur Smith seconded the motion and it was carried by the
following vote:	Mr. Fennessy, Rev. Melton, Mr. Rittenhouse,

and Mr. Smith, voting "Aye"; "Noes"; none.

There being no further business to come fore the meeting
at this time, Rev. Melton moved that this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Mr. Rittenhouse and carried by the
following vote; All members voting "Aye"; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized
to notify the Human Society that their contract with the
City of Las Vegas is to be cancelled in accordance with
provisions of said contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Commissioner dark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Order adopted by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on the
28th of September, 1945, vacation a certain alley ruining
north and south between Mesquite and 9th Streets in Block
18 of Buck’s Addition, Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada
be amended to read as follows:

ORDER VACATING ALLEY

A Petition, dated July 18, 1945, signed by seven (7) 

freeholders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the
Clerk of this Board, petitioning for the vacation of that certain
alley, running north and south between Mesquite and Ninth Streets
in Block 18 of Buck’s Subdivision, in the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada; and said Petition having been by Order of
said Board referred to the Planning Commissioner of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and said Planning Commission having filed its 

report, dated August 21, 1945, with the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, which said report recommended
said vacation, provided:



MEMBERSHIP IN ASSN.
OF AMERICAN 

CEMETERIES -

 

REMOVAL

Veteran's Bodies

HUMANE SOCIETY - Contract
Cancelled

BLOCK 18 BUCK'S
SUB - DIVISION