CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

CITY OP LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is hereby
called to be held in the Commissioner's Chambers at the War Memorial Building, Saturday,
February 20th, 1943 at the hour of 11:00 A.M., on said day to consider the following:

1. To authorize the salary of C. G. Petrie for the 1st half of February
and also his car expense.

TO:	HOWELL C. GARRISON, MAYOR and to Pat Clark, M. C. Tinch, A. F. Smith, Sr., and

A. P. Rubidoux, Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

You and each of you will please take notice:	That pursuant to a call issued this day by

His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison of the city of Las Vegas, will be held in the
Commissioner's Chambers at the War Memorial Building on the 20th day of February, 1943 at
11:00 A.M., of said day to consider the following:

1. To authorize the salary of C. G. Petrie for the 1st half of February and also
his car expense.

______Helen Scott Reed_____

City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby
admit due service of the foregoing Notice of Special Meeting.

Howell C. Garrison	A. P. Rubidoux

Mayor	Commissioner

M. C. Tinch________ A. F. Smith,	Sr.

Commissioner	Commissioner

A Special Meeting was called to order at 11:00 A. M. on February 20th, 1943 by Mayor
Howell C. Garrison with the following members present:	Commissioners Smith and Rubidoux;

Purchasing Agent, Mac Cazier and Deputy City Clerk, Ruth Spaulding.

Commissioner Smith moved that the Call of Special Meeting be
amended to include consideration of the following:

2. To authorize the City Auditor to close the deal
for the Segraves fire truck.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes

none.

C. G. PETRIE	Due to Mr. C. G. Petrie being out of town at the time the payroll

PAYROLL	 sheets were made out, he neglected to submit his payroll and did not

receive his pay check or expense check for the first half of February.
Commissioner Rubidoux moved that vouchers #100-162 and #824-1 covering
the above items be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and

His Honor voting aye; noes none.

FIRE TRUCK	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the City Auditor be authorized to

  close the deal for the Segraves fire truck which was ordered by contract
last August 3, 1942 and that the expenses covering this trip be allowed.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.