abatement, and to revoke the license of said business, and the said Southern Nevada
Industries, Ltd., having been duly served with written notice to appear before the said
Board at a hearing to be held in the Commissioners' Room in the War Memorial Building
on Stewart Avenue and Fifth Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 5th day of June, 1946,
at the hour of 10:00 a.m. of that day, and show cause, if any it has, why the conditions
existing at its place of business should not be declared to be a public nuisance and
its license revoked, and the said Board having held a hearing at said time and place,
and Madison B. Graves, Esq., of the firm of Morse and Graves, having appeared at said
hearing on behalf of said petitioners, and Robert E. Jones, Esq., of the firm of Jones
Wiener and Jones, having appeared on behalf of Southern Nevada Industries, Ltd., and
the said Board having been advised by H. W. Polk, the owner of Southern Nevada 

Industries, Ltd., at said hearing that a portion of the plant will be removed at an early
date, thus eliminating a good part of the conditions complained of,

NOW, after hearing counsel for and against the aforesaid petitions, and after
considering the petitions filed for and against the continued operation of the 

business aforesaid, and due deliberation having been had thereon, the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas find the business of Southern Nevada Industries
as it is now being operated, is not a public nuisance and that its license to carry
on such business should not be revoked, and it is therefore

ORDERED that the petitions filed by the aforesaid residents and property owners
affected, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:

Voting Aye; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Cragin.
Voting Nay:	None

Absent:	None

POLICE STATION —

Bids Let

AMENDMENT ORDINANCE
No. 165

PROPOSED ANNEXATION —
5th Street Strip

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to 

advertise for bids for the construction of the Police Station, said
bids to be opened on July 8 at the hour of 2 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Attorney be instructed to
draw up an amendment to amend Section 8 of Ordinance No. 165 to
eliminate the necessity of filing the numbers of individual slot
machines with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Baskin moved that inasmuch as sufficient freeholders
has signed the petition of protest to the annexation of South Fifth
Street adjacent to the city limits that such proposed annexation
is hereby abandoned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting adjourn until June
22 at the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
22nd day of June, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 10 a.m. with the following members 

present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti; City Attorney C.

Norman Cornwall; Acting City Manager George Rittenhouse; and City