GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Nate Mack,

Jack Pot Club	owner of the Jack Pot for six slot machines, two "21"

Games, two Poker Tables, one Pangingue, one Crap Table,
one Roulette Table, and one Race Horse Keno, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of the

Spic-N-Span	Spic-N-Span, 129 E. Fremont, for one slot machine be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of P. O. 

S.S. Rex Club	Silvagni of the S. S. Rex Club, 128 Fremont for twenty-three

slot machines, two poker tables, one Pan table, four "21"
Games, one Roulette, two crap tables, one Faro Bank, and
one Race Horse Keno be granted.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

GAMING APPLICATION -	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of A. R.

Charleston Grocery	Stowell of the Charleston Grocery for one slot machine be

granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR APPLICATION	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of Fannie

DENIED -	B. Gulick, 103 Stewart, for a Beverage license be denied

Fannie B. Gulick	until the proper building is erected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting,
Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until
Thursday, March 22, 1945 at 2:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye'; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 22, 1945

The regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 22nd day of March, 1945. Meeting called to order by
His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 2:15 P.M.,
with the following members present: Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti,and Smith; City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.,
City Manager, Charles C. McCall and Chief Deputy City Clerk,
Shirley Dimock.

Mrs. C. F. Godard, Mrs. McCarthy, and Mrs. L. H. Cox asked
the Board to investigate refuse disposal and sanitary 

conditions in the South Meadows Addition. They also asked that
fire plug locations be checked and that sewer mains be
connected. These matters were referred by His Honor to the
City Manager for further investigation.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of March 7th be
approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.