GAMING	 	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Dave Wolzinger for a slot

PONY EXPRESS  	machine license at the Pony Express Depot, 123 S. 1st St., be approved. Motion

DEPOT	seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

GAMING	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of H. W. Tammany for a slot machine

TWIN LAKE	 	license at the Twin Lakes Farm swimming pool be granted. Motion seconded by

FARM	Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

GAMING	 	Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of P. L. Jefferson for a slot

BROWN DERBY	machine license at the Brown Derby Cafe at 320 N. Monroe St. be approved.

CAFE	Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting
aye; noes none.

AUDIT	 	A communication addressed to Mr. A. F. Smith, Sr., relative to auditing of the

GEORGE H. WOOD  	City books was read to the Board at this time. Thereafter, Commissioner Rubidoux

moved that an audit be made by Mr. Wood according to the terms of his letter
dated May 31, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro

tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

OPINION	A letter was read from Harry H. Austin, Esq., City Attorney, relative to the change

CITY ATTORNEY  	In salary of the City elective officers and the Chief of Police. Thereafter,

SALARY	 	Commissioner Smith moved that Mr. Austin be thanked for furnishing the 

information and that the letter be incorporated in the minutes. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

(Copy of Mr. Austin's letter)

June 3, 1943

Honorable Members of the Board of City Commissioners,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemen:

I have been requested by Commissioner Smith to report upon the changes in sal-
aries of certain city officials made by the recent Legislature.

Chapter 179 of the Statutes of 1943 provides:	"The Board of Commissioners may

appoint a Chief of Police with a salary of not to exceed three thousand six
hundred. ($3,600.00) dollars per annum, payable in equal monthly installments."
Obviously this provision authorizes the Board to pay the Chief of Police any
amount not to exceed the said sum of $3,600.00 per annum.

Section 10 of Chapter 2 of the City Charter was amended, and now reads as
follows:

"From and after the first Monday of June 1943 the elected city officials of the
city of Las Vegas shall receive the following salaries and compensations:	The

mayor of the City of Las Vegas shall receive as remuneration for his services
the sum of fifteen hundred($1,500) dollars per annum; each of the city
commissioners shall receive the sum of twelve hundred ($1,200) dollars per
annum; the city clerk shall receive the sum of three thousand ($3,000)dollars
per annum; the city attorney shall receive the sum of three thousand ($3,000)
dollars per annum; the judge of the municipal court shall receive the sum of
eighteen hundred ($1,800) dollars per annum; which shall be full compensation
for all services rendered said city of Las Vegas. All salaries named in this
section shall be payable in equal monthly installments."

The Clerk's office has asked me when these changes in salaries become operative,
and you will, of course, observe that from the above Section 10 they take effect
from and after the first Monday of June, 1943, therefore, all salaries should be
figured at the old rate to June 7th of this year, and the salaries
as provided in Section 10 as stated in the bill, become operative from and
after the first Monday of June, 1943, which is June 7th of this year.

I am mailing a copy of this letter to the City Clerk in order that her office
may have it there for reference.

Yours very truly,

(S) Harry H. Austin

Acting City Attorney

HELLDORADO  	A letter was read signed by Lou Gammell thanking the City of Las Vegas for

their assistance In making the Helldorado a success and same was ordered filed.

MONTHLY REPORT   The report of the Plumbing Inspector for the month of May was read and
R. H. ELSER	ordered filed.

MURRY	Some discussion was had as to whether or not the Board of City Commissioners

CASE	 	had the legal right to hire Mr. Austin to defend the City of Las Vegas in the

T. M. Murry suit, now pending, at extra money. At this time Mr. Austin stated
that the City of Las Vegas had the legal right to employ him or anyone else to
act in the aforementioned case at extra money. Thereafter, Commissioner Tinch
moved that Mr. Austin be retained to defend the City of Las Vegas in the
Murry suit at the sum of $1,000 to be paid for District Court case and
if necessary to go to the Supreme Court at an additional $500. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; 

Commissioner Smith voted no.