SWIMMING POOL

POLICE STATION
CONTRACT

the meeting of said Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, as
provided by law.

I, Dan W. Pranks, certify that I am the acting Secretary of the State
Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true, and correct copy of a
resolution duly adopted by unanimous vote of the State Board of Finance at a
meeting held on the 21st day of September, 1946.

Dated this 23rd day of September, 1946.

s/ Dan W. Frank	______________	_______

Acting Secretary of the State Board of Finance

Motion seconded by Commissioners Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the matter of the swimming pool
project be held over until October 7 Meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the proposed contract with
C. G. Barnell for the construction of a police station in the
sum of $311,037.00 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held 
this 7th day of October, 1946. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem C. R. Clark, at 2 P.M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti;

City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Absent:	C. Norman Cornwall, City Attorney and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of September 21 and 27
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 905 to 914
inc. and 920 and 923 in the net sum of $19,263.89 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor 

Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos.
915-919 inc. and 921 and 922 in the sum of $16,126.01 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Jack A. Baxter
for a license to operate two taxi cabs in the City of Las Vegas be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

This being the time set for the opening of bids to secure an
emergency loan. The only bid received was from the First National
Bank of Nevada, 115 South 3rd Street, which bid was for 3% per
annum on $125,000.00 for a period up to and including June 30, 1947.

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the First
National Bank of Nevada be accepted, and the Mayor and City Clerk
are hereby authorized to sign a note for said loan.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor

Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Cragin.

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS

TAXI APPLICATION -
 Jack A. Baxter

 BIDS- -Emergency
Loan