REPORT BLDG.   The Report of the Building Inspector for the month of August was received
INSPECTOR	and ordered filed.

CAA LEASE    Commissioner Coradetti moved that the proposed lease CE 601.53 between the
CE 601.53	City of Las Vegas and the CAA be referred to Leo A. McNamee, Esq., and if

he finds no objection to it that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
execute same on behalf of the City. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

APPOINTMENT	Commissioner Smith	moved that	Ruth Spaulding be hired as Chief Deputy in the

CHIEF DEPUTY	 	office of the City	Clerk as of	September 1st, 1943 at a salary of $175.00

CITY CLERK	per month. Motion	seconded by	Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LICENSES	  Comm. Clark moved that the Planning Commission having recommended to the City 

PLANNING      Commissioners that all applications for new businesses of industrial nature or character 
COMMISSION    be referred to them and to the building inspector before issuance in an effort to avoid

       businesses of such nature being given a license to operate in commercial zones
as now defined be approved. Commissioner Smith seconded the motion and it was carried by the following 

vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and	his Honor voting aye.	Noes, none.

VAN VORST  	Commissioner Smith moved	that Kenneth Van Vorst be granted a vacation with pay

VACATION     one week the latter part of September and one week the latter part of October,

1943. Motion seconded By Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

SEWER DEPT.	Commissioner Clark moved that the City accept the bid of the H. F. Hendrickson

INSTALLATION    Company of Los Angeles, California in the sum of $4,970.00 for the installation
PUMPING PLANT,   of a pumping plant and water control at the city disposal plant, subject to the
WATER CONTROL     approval of the FWA and the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith

and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and
his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE 284   An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise, and Re-enact Section 3
FIRST READING  	of Ordinance No. 166 of	the City of Las Vegas,	as Amended,	and	to Repeal all

Ordinances and Parts of	Ordinances in Conflict	Therewith",	was	read to the

Board for the first time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of said ordinance on the first
reading. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

RESOLUTION -	The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

ACQUISITION  	 

RIGHT-OF-WAY  	R E SOLUTION	

CHARLESTON BLVD.	 

RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas acquire right-of-way along Charleston
Boulevard, 100' wide being 10' additional on both sides of the now existing
80' right-of-way; and,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas acquire additional 25'
width on each side of the grade separation for a total of 50' approximately
1000' west of the tracks and east to Main Street.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE 285	 	An	Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance to Amend, Revise, and Re-enact Section	1

FIRST READING		of	Ordinance No. 166 of the City of Las Vegas, as Amended, and to Repeal all

Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in Conflict Therewith", was read to the	Board

for the first	time.	Commissioner Smith moved the adoption of the foregoing Ordinance on the	first

reading. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

CLAIMS PLANNING  Commissioner Clark moved that all claims of the Planning Commission must be
COMMISSION	acted upon by the Planning Board before presentation to the Board of City

Commissioners. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Coradetti and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CITY CHARTER  	Commissioner Smith moved that the City Charter, as revised to date, will be

SALE PRICE  	offered for sale to the public at a price to be fixed by the City Clerk. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until September 16th, 1943 at the hour of 2:00
P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.