Las Vegas, Nevada
July 7, 1944

  At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this seventh day Of July:	Meeting called to order by His

Honor, Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith, Sr., with the following
members present:	Commissioners Clark and Bates; City Attorney,

Louis Wiener, Jr.; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent, Com-
missioner Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin; City Manager, Charles
C. McCall.

At this time, Mayor Pro Tem Smith appointed Thomas E. Fennessy
to represent the City Manager.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 135-144, 

APPROVED	inclusive, in the sum of $15,829.88 be approved and the Mayor	

and City Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor

Pro Tem Smith, voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner 

Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

MINUTES JUNE 22nd	Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of June 22nd be approved

APPROVED	by reference.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem

A. F. Smith, Sr., voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner 

Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS	  The reports of the Electrical Inspector, Plumbing Inspector and

FILED	the Building Inspector, for the month of June, were read and ordered

filed.

MOVING HOUSES INTO	      Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be instructed to make

THE CITY	an investigation with Mr. Morling regarding houses being moved into

the City and to report at the next regular meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith,

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor
E. W. Cragin.

VIOLATION OF BUILDING	Commissioner Clark moved that the Board approve the action taken by

ORDINANCES	the City Manager relative to the violation of building ordinances

by Mr. John Good, 612 North 9th Street, and similar offenses.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates and Clark, and His Honor

Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner
Corradetti and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

FIRE STATIONS	 	Mr. Charles C. McCall made a preport on the status of the 

application for proposed fire stations.

BUDGET	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to

go to Reno, Nevada, to consult with the Attorney General on matters
pertaining to our budget, and that his expenses be borne by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem, Smith

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor
E. W. Cragin.

Commissioner Clark moved that a piece of city-owned equipment be
used, if needed, for the proposed trip to Reno on July 14th.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem Smith

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and Mayor
E. W. Cragin.	 

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board is favorable to the City
of Las Vegas joining with other cities in the State of Nevada to
form a League of Nevada cities and that the Board sanctions the
attendance of City Commissioners and other City officials at a
meeting at Reno on July the 14th for the purpose of organizing such
a league. The expense incurred by the City Commission and City
officials while on this trip are to be met by the individual and are
not the responsibility of the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following 
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem

Smith voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and
Mayor E. W. Cragin.

RIGHT-OF-WAY		Commissioner Bates moved to hold over the matter of proposed 

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD	exchange of right-of-way property in new highway with the Union

Pacific Railway Company because of Section 7 in the Agreement
requesting installation of a fence and maintenance thereof by
the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark and His Honor, Mayor Pro Tem

Smith, voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioner Corradetti and
Mayor E. W. Cragin.