 	ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby admit
due service of the foregoing notice of Special Meeting.

Howell C. Garrison	A. P. Rubidoux______

Mayor	Commissioner

Pat Clark__________ A. F. Smith,	Sr .

Commissioner	Commissioner

M. C. Tinch________

Commissioner

The Board of City Commissioners was called in session by Commissioners Clark and Tinch for
the above mentioned purpose. Commissioner Clark stated that the Northern Club had been
operating gaming in violation of the City Ordinance and that they had been cited into court
and paid a fine of $100.00. Commissioner Tinch moved that the gaming application of the
Northern Club for twelve(12) slot machines and one(l) Race Horse Book be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Commissioner Smith and His Honor voting No. Thereafter
the meeting adjourned.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JANUARY 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held the 16th day of January, 1943.
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 with the
following members present: Commissioners Smith, Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch; City Attorney;

Harry H. Austin; Auditor, M. Cazier and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the regular meeting of January 4th and the special meeting of January 12th were
read. The minutes of January 4 were ordered corrected by striking the name of J. A. Williams
in the motion relating to salary for helper at the disposal plant. Thereafter the minutes
were approved as corrected.

Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 780 to 792-1 be approved. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote: 
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

Noes none.

BARBER SHOP	A petition for a barber shop at 321 Monroe St., West Side, Las Vegas,

321 Monroe St.	Nevada, signed by an adequate number of property owners was presented to

the Board for their consideration. Commissioner Clark moved that the petition be granted, provided the requirements of the City Ordinance be
complied with. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.

BARBER SHOP	Commissioner Clark moved that the petition of Willie Harris at "D" and

"D" & Madison	Madison for a barber shop, which came before the Board at the meeting of

January 4, be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His
Honor voting aye; noes none; Commissioner Smith passed.

PETITION	A petition requesting zoning in the Gibson and Jones Addition, Noblitt

ZONING	Addition, Church Addition and Boulder Dam Homesite Addition was presented

to the Board for their consideration and thereafter referred to the
Planning Commission for a report.

FERTILIZER	Commissioner Tinch made a report on the use of the sludge from the disposal

BIDS	plant as fertilizer. Commissioner Clark made a motion that the motion made

on January 4 regarding the letting of bids for fertilizer be recinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none. Harlan Brown, City Engineer, recommended that the sludge from the
disposal plant be used as fertilizer at the golf course and that a sample be
taken and sent out for analysis and a report submitted at the next regular
meeting of the Board.

WESTERN AIR	Commissioner Clark made a motion that the bids submitted by the Western Air

EXPRESS - BIDS	Express on the leasing of certain space in the McCarran Field Airport	

administration building be tabled and a committee appointed to outline the
desires of the City. The motion died for want of a second. Thereafter Mayor
Garrison appointed Commissioners Clark and Smith to work as a committee with
himself to meet with the Western Air Express officials to see if satisfactory
agreements can be worked out and that the matter also be brought to the
attention of the Chamber of Commerce and a report made back at the next
regular meeting.