Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be
authorized to notify the owners of the Tiffendale
Tract that storm drain installation would be a matter
of post-war consideration.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
authorized to negotiate a lease with the Clark County
Commissioners for the use of the Library Building
beginning December 16, 1944 and ending January 30, 1945
for the purpose of selling automobile license plates.	 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Bids from the following firms for pipe and fittings
for the Huntridge Park job were opened at this time:

Ed Von Tobel Lumber Company - $1,975.00	 

A. H. Julian, Trojan Plumbing Co. - $1,813.45
McQuay Supply Company - $1,896.92
Western Pipe and Steel Co. - no bid.

O. K. Plumbing & Heating Co. - $1,766.13.

Said bids were ordered tabulated by the City Auditor
for consideration later in the meeting.

Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Clark County
Hospital for the month of November be filed in the
office of the City Manager.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Board authorize
payment of the claim of the Union Pacific Railroad
for stand by electric service in the sum of $140.00
covering service as per agreement dated October 1,

1942.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Mayor and City
Clerk be authorized to execute the contract with
Robert Stanton when stipulations as suggested by the
FWA in their letter of December 2, 1944, have been
complied with.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that slot machine licenses be
granted to the following places:

Maestro Music Company by Jack Pruitt - S. & S. Doughnut
Shop - 124½ North First Street - one slot machine;

Frank C. Kernan - Shay's Barbecue Cafe - 1501 South 5th
one slot machine;

Charles A. Bennett - Oasis Cafe - 123 Fremont - one slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clerk,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of P.O.

Silvagni for one crap game, one roulette, and one "21"
game at the Players Club, 126-128 Fremont Street, be denied.

Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of P.O.

Silvagni be laid over until the twenty second day of
December for action.	 

Motion died for want of a second.

Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing
application be allowed. There being no second, Mayor
Cragin asked Mayor Pro Tem Smith to take the Chair; 

thereafter, Mayor Cragin seconded the motion which was lost 

by the following vote: Commissioners Smith and Mayor Cragin 

voting aye; noes, Commissioners Bates, Clark and Corradetti.

TIFFENDALE TRACT
STORM DRAIN

LIBRARY BUILDING LEASE	 

HUNTRIDGE PARK	 

BIDS ON PIPE

CLARK COUNTY HOSPITAL REPORT

CLAIM: UNION PACIFIC
RAILROAD

ROBERT STANTON	 

CONTRACT	 

GAMING AND LIQUOR
LICENSES GRANTED	 

GAMING APPLICATION
P. O. SILVAGNI