SWIMMING POOL BOND
ISSUE - Certificates
Issued

BIDS -- Panel Truck
Fire Department

MINUTES APPROVED

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Clerk be authorized to
furnish the bond attorney with a certificate to the effect that the
the cost of the swimming pool and improvements will equal or
exceed the amount of the bonds being issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following voter Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Clark and Baskin.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 7, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 7th day of August, 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 2 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; City Attorney, C.
Norman Cornwall; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

At this time bids for construction of the Police Station 
were opened from the following firms:

H. Mason	$351,500.00

Plus	20,000.00 Fee

C. B. Bagnell	Kearns, California	321,039.00

and a bid on the electrical facilities from the Vance
Electrical Service, Las Vegas,

Nevada	$ 18,757.00

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that all bids be 

rejected and the bid bonds returned.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Invitation to bid on the panel truck for the fire department
having been let, and only one bid from the Clark County
Wholesale Company in the sum of $1,320.20 having been 

received, Commissioner Bates moved that said bid be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of June 22, and 28,
July 5 and 22, and Special Meetings of July 26 and 27 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized
to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims No. 850 to 858
and 859 in the net sum of $20,274.30 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos.
845 to 849 inclusive, in the sum of $20,540.01 be approved
and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Clark.