HARRY MILLER	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the Police and Fire Commissioner he authorized to

APPOINTED	 	designate Harry Miller, the acting Chief of Police, as the permanent Chief of

CHIEF OF POLICE    Police, for the City of Las Vegas at a salary of $3,600.00 per year. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following votes Commissioners
Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE DEPT.	Commissioner Corradetti moved that bids be let for two cars in the Police 

BIDS LET FOR      Department and that the Studebaker and Plymouth be turned in on the purchase of said 
POLICE CARS	new cars. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE DEPT.     Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following men be placed on the payroll of
REPLACEMENTS       the Police Department to replace men who have left the department:	Cy Adams,

H. L. Powell, E. Johnson, Thomas Burns, Sam Forsythe, Judd Thompson, Charles Flynn.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GEORGE H. WOOD   Commissioner Smith moved that George H. Wood, C.P.A. of Pasadena, California be
C.P.A.	notified to commence the audit of the city books to cover the period beginning

May 1, 1941 to date. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

DAN RUSK	  Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Dan Rusk covering overtime at the golf

OVERTIME	  course be denied on the grounds that the work was not authorized by the Board of

City Commissioners. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes none.

PUMPING PLANT	Commissioner Clark moved that sealed bids be received by the Board of City

& WATER CONTROL   Commissioners on August the 23rd for the construction of a pumping plant and
BIDS LET	water control structure in accordance with plans and specifications available in

the office of the City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL DEPT.   Commissioner Smith	moved that	the Purchasing Agent	be authorized to purchase a

VOLT METER	volt meter for the	Electrical	Department at a cost	not to exceed $50.00. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

CABLE	Commissioner Bates	moved that	a cable be installed	between the City Hall and the

INSTALLATION	 	vault at a cost not to exceed	$200.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and

CITY HALL	carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

POLICE STATION  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the City Attorney be authorized to confer with

TITLE TO LAND  	the Board of County Commissioners relative to acquiring title to the property

where the city jail is located. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

SATISFACTION OF   Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to execute a certain
JUDGMENT	receipt for satisfaction of judgment rendered in case #288 entitled "The United

CASE #288	States of America, Plaintiff vs 0.54 acres of land, more or less, in the County

of Clark, State of Nevada; the County of Clark, a political subdivision of the
State of Nevada; City of Las Vegas a municipal corporation, County of Clark,

State of Nevada; and Las Vegas Land and Water Company, a corporation, Defendant".
Motion ssconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until September the 2nd, 1943 at the hour of
2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	HELEN SCOTT REED, CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

A Special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas is hereby
called to be held in the Commissioners' Room in the War Memorial Building of
Tuesday, the 17th day of August, 1943, at the hour of 11:55 A.M., to act upon the
following business:

1. Charleston Blvd. access road.

(S) E. W. Cragin_____________

Mayor