ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned, Mayor pro tem. and Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas, Nevada, hereby
admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

______Pat Clark______ A. F. Smith, Sr.

______M. C. Tinch	A. P. Rubidoux

A special meeting was called to order at 3:30 P.M. on February 8, 1943 by Mayor pro tem. Clark
with the following members present:	Commissioner Smith, Tinch and Rubidoux; City Attorney,

Harry H. Austin; Purchasing Agent, Mac Cazier and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

STREET DEPT.	Bids from the following firms were opened:

 BIDS	Cox Trucking Company bid $4.00 for 5 yard trucks per hour

"	"	"	"	$3.50 for 4 yard trucks per hour

Gibbons and Reed bid $3.50 per hour

Commissioner Tinch moved that the street commissioner be allowed to hire
six (6) 5 yard trucks at $4.00 an hr..from the Cox Trucking Co, starting
Tuesday, February 9, 1943 for a period not to exceed thirty (30) days,
to haul gravel on the city streets. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner Rubidoux,

Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner Smith
voting no; absent, Mayor Garrison.

Commissioner Smith stated that his reason for voting "no" was because
this expenditure had not been provided for in the budget and that the
	Board of Equalization has not passed on the budget yet.

Thereafter the meeting adjourned.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th
day of February, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor
Howell C. Garrison, at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the following members
present:	Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and Clark; Acting City

Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City Auditor, Mac Cazier and City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the meeting of February 4th were ordered corrected to show
that Jack McNutt was appointed chairman of the Board of Recreation and
that Mr. Stephen Girard was appointed to fill the vacancy created by
the resignation of Bryan L. Bunker. Commissioner Tinch made a motion
that the minutes be approved by reference for the meeting of February
the 4th, as corrected, and for the special meeting held February the 8th.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

POLICE DEPT.	Commissioner Clark moved that an additional expenditure of $544.79 be

UNDERCOVER WORK granted to cover additional investigation work for the Police Department

and that Vouchers 100-1 to 161 and 819 to 822, inclusive, be approved.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

STATE	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Harry H. Austin, City Attorney, and any

LEGISLATURE	 members of the Board who can make the trip be sent to Carson City to

COMMITTEE	assist in the enactment of legislation proposed by the city; that their

expenses be paid upon the presentation of itemized statements. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the purchasing agent be authorized to

ELECTRIC PUMP &	purchase a motor for the pick-up truck at the disposal plant and, further,

POWER MOTOR	that the purchasing agent be instructed to have the electric pump re-

paired at the disposal plant or to look into the matter of purchasing a
new one. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor 

voting aye; noes none.

FINANCE OFFICER	Commissioner Smith made a report on matters which were referred to him at

REPORT	the previous meeting.