Las Vegas, Nevada
April 5, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 5th day of
April, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison
with the following members present; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch;
 City Auditor, Mac Cazier; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; and City Clerk,

Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be adopted by
reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

  noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Tinch moved that vouchers #612 to #888 inclusive, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

POLICE DEPT.	Commissioner Tinch moved that a committee be appointed to look into the matter

SERVICES OF        of obtaining services of a doctor for inmates at the City Jail. Motion
PHYSICIAN	  seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote; 

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Thereafter His Honor appointed Commissioners Clark and Tinch to look into the
matter and report back at the next regular meeting.

C.A.A. LEASE     Commissioner Rubidoux moved that a motion heretofore made granting a lease to

 the C.A.A. for $30.00 a month be recinded. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Clark and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and
Tinch voting aye; Commissioner Smith voted no. Mayor Garrison passed.
Commissioner Tinch moved that the C.A.A. be granted a lease for a period of
five (5) years at a rental of $1.00 per annum. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and
Tinch voted aye; Commissioner Smith voted no; Mayor Garrison passed his vote.

UNITED STATES    A letter from the United States Weather Bureau relative to the leasing of space
WEATHER BUREAU    at the Airport Administration Building was read and referred to Commissioner
LEASE	Smith. Commissioner Smith stated that he was ready to make his recommendation

at this time and moved that all government agencies be treated alike insofar
as the Board of City Commissioners is concerned. The motion died for want of a
second.

BOB ELSER	Commissioner Clark moved that the salary of Bob Elser for the period covering

VACATION	September 10th to the 23rd be paid, provided there is no action heretofore

SALARY	denying the claim. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by

the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye;
Commissioner Smith voted no; Mayor Garrison passed.

DISPOSAL PLANT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Auditor be authorized to purchase the

EFFLUENT LINE	    necessary material to build an effluent line at the disposal plant. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye; Commissioner Smith and Mayor Garrison
passed.

DRAINS AT	Harlan T. Brown, City Engineer, recommended that a drain be installed at North

N. 5th ST.         Fifth Street and the matter was referred to the City Auditor to look into the

matter of purchasing 1,100 feet of 24 inch pipe necessary to complete the job
and to make a report at the next regular meeting.

PURCHASING	   At this time Mayor Garrison ordered that all purchases must be made by the

DEPARTMENT	Purchasing Agent and that every department in the City cooperate in this matter

100%.

SEWER DEPARTMENT   Commissioner Clark moved that	bids be let for ½ Ton pickup truck for the Sewer

PICKUP TRUCK	Department and that said bids	be returned at the next regular meeting. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote; 

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

GOLF COURSE		Commissioner Clark moved that the City Auditor be authorized to purchase two(2)

FERTILIZER		ton, or an equivalent amount of yards, of fertilizer for	the City Golf Course.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye; Commissioner Smith voted
no; Mayor Garrison passed.

STREET DEPT.		Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Purchasing Agent be	authorized to purchase

OIL TANKS		a storage tank for oil. Motion seconded by Commissioner	Tinch and carried by

the following vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; Commissioner Smith voted no.

STREET DEPT.	Commissioner Tinch moved that	he be allowed to proceed with graveling the streets

GRAVELING	as outlined heretofore. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux. On the

question, Commissioner Smith stated that he would not be in favor of any 

  procedure other than purchasing gravel by the yard. Mayor Garrison stated that
he was in favor of the streets being graveled, but he did not feel that the
matter had been handled in a business like way. Thereafter Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux and Tinch voted aye; Commissioner Smith and Mayor Garrison voted no.