Las Vegas, Nevada

October 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 22nd day of October, 1945. Meeting called to
orderer at the hour of 2/30 p.m. by His Honor Mayor E. W.
Cragin with the following members present:	commissioners

Baskin, Bates, Corradetti: City Attorney, C. Norman
Cornwall; City Manager T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Minutes of September
28, October 5, 8, and 11 be approved by reference and the
Mayor and City Clerk Authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	

Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 574 to
582 inclusive and 587 in the net sum of $15,332.38 be
approved and the Mayor, City Clerk and Comptroller 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrants
Nos. 583 to 586 inclusive in the sum of $11,570.72 be
approved and the Mayor, City Clerk, and Comptroller 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioners Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the following Master
Plumbers and Journeymen be appointed as members of the
Plumbing Board:	Representing the Masters, Cecil Annabel,

H. L. Chambers, A. R. Ruppert; Representing the 

Journeymen, L. J. Swan, J. D. Bennett and E. P. Tate.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the petition filed with the
City Clerk a s of this date, by Rex Bell, signed by several
property owners on North Main Street protesting the 

creating of an island on North Main Street for traffic purposes,
be referred to the State Highway Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none, Absent: Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Board ap rove the action
of the City Manager in disposing of three hundred (300) feet
of booster hose which had been shaped to us with wrong 

couplings. Two local businessmen, who had use for same, agreed
to pay the full price for it:	therefore, Mr. Fennessy

authorized the sale.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following renewals and
new applications for slot machine licenses be granted:

RENEWALS

Rex Club	128	Fremont	1	Slot

Nevada Biltmore	600	No. Main	8	slots

Market Spot	117	Carson	4	 slots

Bus Terminal Cafe	127	So. 1st	2	slots

Sewell's	307	Fremont	2	slots

Shamrock Cafe	1501 So. 5th	2 slots

New

Desert Sport Shop	125 North 2nd St.	2 slots

(Pat Rozzelle)

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

PLUMBING BOARD

PETITION - Island on
North Main St.

FIRE DEPARTMENT - Sale
of Hose

GAMING APPLICATIONS