PURCHASING	Commissioner Clark moved that the recommendations of Commissioner Smith and

DEPARTMENT  	Mr. Cazier in regard to procedure of City purchasing be adopted and the Mayor

PROCEDURE  	authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and

carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

AIRPORT	Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. A1 Drew be instructed to proceed with

ADMINISTRATION     improvements on the Airport Administration Building as submitted in his letter
BUILDING	    of May 11th at a cost not to exceed $108.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner.

IMPROVEMENTS     Corradetti and carried by the following voter Commissioners Bates, Clark

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

WAR MEMORIAL   Commissioner Bates moved that Al Drew be appointed custodian of the War
BUILDING      Memorial Building for arrangements, preparations and detail necessary for the
CUSTODIAN	use of the building and repairs and maintenance shall come under his 

jurisdiction. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor 

voting aye; noes none.

VOLUNTEER	  Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Rex Jarrett for $138.00 covering the

FIRE DEPARTMENT   insurance on the Volunteer Firemen be paid. Motion seconded by Commissioner
INSURANCE	Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

C.A.A. LEASE       After considering the report of the City Attorney on the C.A.A. lease, 

Commissioner Smith moved that the City Clerk be authorized to write a letter to 

the C.A.A. informing them that the City will not approve the lease in its present
form and suggesting that they contact the City Attorney in an effort to work
out a satisfactory lease and further that a copy of the opinion of the City
Attorney be submitted to C.A.A.

BOY SCOUT BUS       Commissioner Smith moved that the City remit the cost of insurance on the Boy
INSURANCE	Scout bus, owned jointly by the Boy Scouts and the City of Las Vegas, and that

the City Aduitor be instructed to obtain the necessary insurance to cover said
bus and in turn bill the Boy Scouts for one-half the cost. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Thereafter, Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until July 2
at the hour of 2:00 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 2, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this second day
of July, 1943. Meeting called to order at the hour of 2:00 P.M. by Mayor pro
tem Smith with the following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

and Corradetti; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City Auditor, Mac Cazier and
City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent; Mayor Cragin.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of the previous meeting of June 16th
be approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor,

Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Bates moved that vouchers 2181 to 2461, inclusive be allowed and

2181 to 2461  	and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to execute same. Motion

INCLUSIVE	seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting
aye; noes none.

SKATING RINK	At this time a certain petition signed by a number of property owners protesting

LICENSE DENIED    the renewal of a license for the skating rink at Linden Ave. and 5th St. was

presented to the Board for their consideration. Also a letter signed by
William L. Hooper asking for the renewal of the license for the skating rink at
the foregoing address. This matter having heretofore been given careful con-
sideration, Commissioner Corradetti moved that the license for the skating rink
be denied. Motion was seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the follow-
ing vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Smith voting aye; noes none.