"Attached hereto, we return the original petition regarding vacation
of Coolidge Street between South Fourth Street and Charleston Boulevard.

At a special meeting of the Joint Planning Commission, November 6, 1945,
in a motion duly made and carried, the Planning Commission recommends
the vacation of this street provided:

1.	Sufficient portion of Coolidge Street be retained to permit
extension of present north-south alley in Block 21, South
Addition, southerly to north right-of-way line of Charleston
Boulevard, including a 10 ft. strip from the north portion of
Charleston Boulevard for widening to 50 ft. north of the present
center line,

2.	That applicant convey to the City from all those lots under
his ownership adjoining Charleston Boulevard and South Fifth
Street, 10 ft. and 5 ft. respectively for proposed widening.

3. That applicant also convey to the City of Las Vegas the
westerly portion of Block 22, as indicated on the sketch attached
hereto, to be used for street purposes."

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held on the 22nd
day of January, 1946, set the 7th day of March, 1946, at the hour of 2:00
P.M., at the Commissioners' Room in the War Memorial Building, located
at the northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada,
as the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and 

Recommendation, and ordered the City Clerk to cause notice of said hearing to
be posted as in said Order provided, which notice was to set forth the
extent of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the affidavit of Claud C. Sargent filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a
copy of which is attached to said affidavit, was posted on the 31st day
of January, 1946, in the manner prescribed by said Order.

And this being the time fixed for the hearing of said Petition for
the vacation and recommendation thereof, and this Board having heard
evidence in support of said recommendation and Petition for vacation and
being satisfied that the public will not be materially injured by said
proposed vacation,

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that the following described portion of Coolidge
Avenue, to-wit:

Being a portion of Coolidge Avenue extending from the easterly
line of Fourth Street to a line parallel to the center line of
Charleston Boulevard as re-established for construction by the
Nevada Highway Department and fifty (50) feet northwardly 

therefrom measured perpendicularly, excepting and excluding therefrom
the area, twenty (20) feet in width, extending southwardly
across said portion of Coolidge Avenue in the prolongation of
the north-south alley in Block 21 of said South Addition to
Charleston Boulevard,

be, and the same is hereby vacated, upon delivery of properly executed
instruments conveying to the City of Las Vegas those various strips of
land enabling the widening of Fourth Street, Fifth Street and Charleston
Boulevard in accordance with the recommendation of the letter of the
Planning Commission dated November 7, 1945, relative thereto.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

RESOLUTION—Re:	Commissioner Clark introduced the following resolution and

Police. Station Bonds	moved its adoption:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, by resolution adopted by the Board of City Commissioners
on November 21, 1945, the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal was designated
as the newspaper in which the publication of the novice of sale on
$140,000.00 Las Vegas Nevada, Police Station Bonds was to be made, and

WHEREAS, the actual publication of the notice of sale was made
for the required length of time in the Las Vegas Age, a weekly newspaper
of general circulation printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada,

NOW THEREFORE, be it resolved that the action of the City
Officials in publishing the notice of sale on $140,000.00 Las Vegas,

Nevada, Police Station Bonds in the Las Vegas Age is hereby ratified
and confirmed.

This resolution shall become effective and be in force immediately
upon its adoption.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 7th day of March, 1946.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

s/ Helen Scott Reed	s/ E. W. Cragin

City Clerk	Mayor

(SEAL)