Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Roy G. Davis

Company, who were the low bidders on the following articles
be approved:

1	1500 W Light Plant	$375.50

1	500 W Flood Lights	100.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of the Standard
Wholesale Company being the lowest bidder on the following
articles, be accepted:

Shut-off Nozzles w/tips	4	$ 59.00

l½" Shut-off Nozzles w/tips	6	72.90

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti, and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following bids be awarded
to the lowest bidder, who are:

Standard Wholesale	1 hose expander set with l½x2½

Company	Segments — Buckley	$25.40

Roy G. Davis Company	1 Deluge Set withtips, 3 inlets

and running	board mounts,	315.00

Akron or equal

1 Hose Shut-off, Peerless	or equal	25.00

1 l½" Tap and	die set	70.00

FS & WW Hirsch	2 2½x2½ Wye Connections	12.50 ea.

Gen’l Pacific Corp.	1 2½" Tap & Die Set, Elkhart or

equal	45.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Bates moved that the meeting
adjourn until 10 a.m. Monday morning, June 4, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 4, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City
Commissioners held this 4th day of June, 1945. Meeting
called to order by His Honor, Mayor E.W. Cragin at
10 a.m., with the following members present:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, smith and City Clerk
Helen Scott Reed.

It appearing to His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, that the
newly elected officers were qualified to take office
according to the requirements set forth in the City
Charter, he proceeded to administer the official oath to the
following officers:	C. R. "Pat" Clark, Commissioner 4th

Class; R. T. "Bob" Baskin, Commissioner 2nd Class;

A. G. Blad, Municipal judge; C. Norman Cornwall, City
Attorney; and Helen Scott Reed, city Clerk, and he 

declared them legally seated. After some discussion, it
was mutually agreed upon that the Board Meeting be held,
as heretofore, on the 7th and 22nd of each month,
providing they do not fall on a Sunday or a holiday, in
which case the meeting will be held the day before the
regular meeting.