Commissioner Bates moved that in view of the fact
that the Attorney for the City of Las Vegas has
ruled that nothing is illegal concerning M. E.

Leavitt holding a position as Clark County Commissioner
and Street Foreman for the City of Las Vegas, provided
that the time spent during a normal working day for the
County shall be deducted from the pay which is
forthcoming from the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner Clark
and Mayor E. W. Cragin. Mayor Pro Tem A. F. Smith Sr.
voting aye by reason of the City Attorney's declaration
and opinion that this is legal.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting
adjourn until Saturday, January 6, 1945 at 10:00
o'clock A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem
A. F. Smith, Sr., voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Commissioner Clark and Mayor E. W. Cragin.

T. W. A. LEASE

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 6, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 6th day of January, 1945: meeting called
to order at the hour of 10:15 AM by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin with the following members present:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, and Corradetti. City
Manager, Charles C. McCall; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed
and City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr. Absent,
Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of
December 15, 22, and 28 of the year 1944 be approved
by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Bates moved that that certain motion
made December 22 re: T. W. A. lease; be amended
to read that the T. W. A. deal directly with the
City after the termination of their contract with
the Western Air Express and that after the lease
is agreed upon that it is to be made retroactive to
February 1, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark end Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent Commissioner Smith.