Las Vegas, Nevada

May 5, 1943

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 5th
day of May, 1943. Meeting called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His
Honor, Mayor pro tem, C. R. Clark with the following members present:	

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; City
Auditor, Mac Cazier and Deputy City Clerk, Ruth Spaulding. Absent, Mayor
Howell C. Garrison.

Approval of the Minutes of the meeting of May 4 was waived until the meeting
of May 17, 1943.

WAR HOUSING 	The following resolution was presented to the Board for consideration:

AUTHORITY 

RESOLUTION
RESOLUTION NO.______

RESOLUTION OP CONSENT FOR THE HOUSING
AUTHORITY OP THE COUNTY OP CLARK, NEVADA
TO OPERATE IN THE CITY OP LAS VEGAS

WHEREAS, the Housing Authority of the County of Clark, duly organized and
existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Nevada, (Stats, 1943,
Chapter 20, approved March 1, 1943) (hereinafter called the "Act"), desires to
operate in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, Section 3 of the Act provides that the area within the territor-
ial boundaries of any other City or County may be included within an Authority's
area of operation, as defined in said Act, if the governing body of such City
or County shall, by resolution, consent to such inclusion;

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE CITY COUNCIL OP THE CITY OP LAS VEGAS:

Section 1. That, pursuant to Section 3 of the Act, consent is hereby
	given to the Housing Authority of the County of Clark to operate in the City

of Las Vegas.

Section 2. The City Clerk is hereby authorized to furnish the Housing
Authority of the County of Clark and appropriate officers and agencies of the
Federal Government with such certified copies of this resolution as may be
necessary for their purpose.

Section 3. That this resolution shall become effective immediately upon
passage and approval by the Mayor.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing resolution be adopted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes
none.

PETITION		The petition of Mr. C. F. Reid requesting permission to conduct a gaming

C. F. REID 	casino and tavern on Westside at 1322 E. Street was again brought before the

Board. Another petition opposing a gaming casino and tavern at 1322 E. Street,
Westside, was also considered at this time. Since the petition of Mr. C. F.

Reid contained many more signatures than the opposing petition, Commissioner
Rubidoux moved that the application of Mr. C. P. Reid at 1322 N. E. St. for a
retail tavern liquor license and a gaming license at the same place for 1
poker game, 1 crap game and three slot machines be approved. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner
Smith passed; noes none,

LIQUOR APPLICATION  Commissioner Tinch moved that the Brown Derby Cafe at 320 Monroe St. be
BROWN DERBY	granted a retail beverage license. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and Mayor

pro tem Clark voting aye; Commissioner Smith passed; noes none.

a sealed package liquor license

LIQUOR & GAMING   Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Lou J. Werner at 16 and 18
LOU J. WERNER   Fremont Ave. for a retail tavern liquor license and an application for six

slot machines be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark voting aye; noes none.

GAMING RENEWALS 	Commissioner Tinch	moved that	the following gaming renewals	be approved.

 	Motion seconded by	Commissioner Rubidoux	and carried by the	following vote:

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor, Mayor pro tem Clark,
voting aye; noes none.

Sewells Unites Stores	307	Fremont	2	slot	machines

Food Center	770	Fremont	7	slot	machines

Charleston Grocery	Charleston & Main	1 slot machine

Apache Hotel	2nd & Fremont	3 slot machines

El Cortez Hotel	612	Fremont	1	"21"	game

Victory Sandwich Shop #2	124½ N. 1st St.	1	slot	machine	

 	A certain petition	requesting	permission	for Hattie Smith to operate a 

HATTIE	SMITH	hamburger stand at the corner of F. & Adams Streets, Westside,	was presented to 

the Board and referred to the Planning Commission for their recommendation.

A certain petition requesting permission for Willie Logan, Jr. to operate an
WILLIE LOGAN, JR.  automobile repair shop on the back of his lot at the corner of D. and Van

Buren Streets, Westside, was presented to the Board and referred to the
Planning Commission for their recommendation.