Thereafter Commissioner Rubidoux withdrew his motion with the consent of his second.

The following applications for gaming licenses were presented: Oppedyke Dairy for the second
and third quarters, Jimmie Fulcher for slot machine licenses at 314 Clark Avenue. Mayor
Garrison ruled that the same ruling applied to these applications as to the El Patio
and McDonald Hotels.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of the Frontier Club at 117 Fremont Avenue
for two one cent slot machines be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner By Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the application of Al’s Bar for a one cent slot machine be
granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The following action was taken regarding the re-subdivision of Blocks 16, 17 and 18, Ladd’s
Addition.

WHEREAS, on the l6th day of July, 1942 the following application was filed with the
Clerk of this Board:

Las Vegas, Nevada

	July 10, 1942.

TO THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS
OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

We, the undersigned, the owners of more than seventy-five (75%) per cent of the land
hereinafter described, situated contiguous or adjacent to the portion of the plat and streets
and alleys therein, hereby petitioned to be vacated, do hereby petition your Honorable Body
to vacate the following described portion of the plat of Ladd’s Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, as shown by map thereof on file in Book 1 of Plats, page 2, in the office of the County
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, together with the following described portion of the Streets
and alleys in said plat, to-wit:

All of Blocks 16, 17 and 18;

All of the northerly and southerly alleys running through said Blocks 16, 17 and 18;

All that portion of Fourteenth Street extending from Carson Street to Clark Street,
to-wit:	the westerly fifteen feet of Fourteenth Street, and the easterly fifteen

feet of said Fourteenth Street;

All that portion of Fifteenth Street extending from
Fremont Street to the south end of said Fifteenth
Street, to-wit:	the west twenty feet of said Fifteenth

Street;

All that portion of Carson Street, between Fourteenth
Street and Fifteenth Street, described as follows
the southerly ten feet of said Carson Street and the
northerly ten feet of said Carson Street;

All that portion of Bridger Street, extending between
Fourteenth Street and Fifteenth Street, to-wit; the
south fifteen feet of said Bridger Street and the
North fifteen feet of said Bridger Street;

All that portion of Lewis Street, extending between
Fifteenth Street and Fourteenth Street, to-wit; the
north fifteen feet of said Lewis Street and the South
fifteen feet of said Lewis Street;

All that portion of Clark Street, extending between
Fourteenth Street and the east end of said Clark Street
to-wit: the north fifteen feet of said Clark Street.

In this connection, the owners of said Blocks 16, 17 and 18, propose to re-subdivide
the portion of the plat hereby petitioned to be vacated, in accordance with the plat marked
"Proposed Re-subdivision of Blocks 16, 17 and 18 of Ladd’s Addition’ presented to you
herewith.

Respectfully yours,

A.	C. DELKIN
EUGENIA DELKIN
Owners of Blocks 14, 15
Lots 9 to 16, inclusive
In Block 13, Lots 9 to 16,
inclusive, in Block 12,

Lots 10 to 16, inclusive,
in Block 11, all of Blocks
1 to 16, inclusive in
Block 16.

LAS VEGAS DEVELOPMENT CO.

ATTEST:	By B. B. Margolis,

C.	H. MARTIN, JR.	Its Vice President.

Secretary	Owner of Block 17, and allof Lots

(Seal)	1 to 8, inclusive, and

Lots 13 to 16, inclusive,
in Block 18.

M. M. SWEENEY,

Owner of Lots 9 to 12,
inclusive, in Block 18.