MAE'S GROCERY -	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Mae

Retail Beverage License	Nemaries Askew for a retail beverage license at Mae’s

First Street Market, 631 So. 1st. Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Clark, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
	Corradetti.

DOC'S - Retail Restaurant   Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Edward
Beverage License	M. "Doc" Ladd for a retail restaurant beverage license

at "Doc's", 1200 South Main Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,

Commissioner Corradetti.

BETTY'S CAFE -	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of

Retail Beverage License     Leonard J. Grossman for a retail beverage license at

Betty's Cafe, 1039 South Main Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

	Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,

	Commissioner Corradetti.

BIDS - ACCEPTED	Commissioner Bates moved that the bid of C. D. Roeder

Austin Western Sweeper	Equipment Company, Reno, Nevada; for one Power Grader

and Power Motor Grader	Austin Western 99M, 4 wheel drive and steer, equipped

with Diesel 1HC-UD-14 motor, in the sum of $7,893.36
F.O.B. Las Vegas be accepted. Further that the bid of
C. D. Roeder Equipment Company on one Austin Western
Street Sweeper in the sum of $4,557.00 F.O.B. Las Vegas,
be accepted.

Motion seconded By Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and

                            His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner

Corradetti.

ADAMS MOTOR GRADER -	Commissioner Clark moved that the purchasing agent be

instructed to continue to offer for sale the Adams Motor
Grader now owned by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and Carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith
	and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commissioner

	Corradetti.

RUBEN COHEN APPLICATION -    Commissioner Smith moved that the report on the

application of Ruben Cohen for issuance of a license
on the basis of past examination addressed to the
Board of City Commissioners and submitted by Commissioner
Smith; City Manager, Chas. C. McCall; H. L. Chambers
and O. J. Morling, be accepted, approved, and filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioner Bates passed. Voting
aye; Commissioners Clark, Smith and His Honor. Noes,
none. Absent, Commissioner Corradetti.

There being no further business to come before the
meeting at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that this
meeting adjourn until April the 21st, 1945 at the hour
of 10:00 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Smith and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Corradetti.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 10, 1945

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING
See Page 275.

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 12, 1945

See Page276