REPORT TO BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

MEADOWS ADDITION	APRIL 2, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners on March 22, 1945,
a committee from the Meadows Addition appeared and made the following
requests to the Commissioners.

1.	Investigation of sanitary condition at the corner of
Fairfield and Chicago Street.

2.	Requested that fire plugs be installed.

3.	Inquired why sanitary sewers could not be installed
over the entire district.

The matter was referred to the City Manager, who on the same day
discussed all these matters with the committee. The committee was
composed of Mrs. C. F. Godard, Mrs. McCarthy and L. H. Cox.

The following procedure was adopted at this time.

1.	The Police Department was requested to notify the occupant
on the lot at the corner of Chicago and Fairfield to
vacate at once. This man had set up a small rabbit
farm on property which he did not own or rent. He lived
in a very unsatisfactory condition causing much anoyance
to the neighbors. This matter has been followed up and
the lot is being cleaned to the satisfaction of the
neighbors.

2.	The Fire Chief was instructed to install three stand
pipes at the most strategic points within the addition.

These stand pipes will be available as soon as they are
removed from Main Street.

3.	It was pointed out to the satisfaction of the committee
that it would be impossible for the City to place sani-
tary sewers because the assessed value of the lots was
in many instances considerably less than the cost of the
sewers.

This office feels that the group was satisfied after these explanations
were made.

Respectfully submitted,

Chas. C. McCall,

CCM/mea	City Manager

LIQUOR APPLICATION - New Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Wilbur

Clark for a Retail Tavern liquor license at the Monte
Carlo, No. 15 Fremont Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

B & H GROCERY -	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Sam

Pkg. Liquor	Lafer, for a Pkg. Liquor License at the B & H Grocery,

402 Bonanza Road, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and motion carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark and
Corradetti voting aye; noes, Commissioner Smith and His
Honor, Mayor Cragin.

EARL’S LIQUOR STORE -	Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Earl 

Tavern License	Turman, for a retail tavern license at Earl’s Liquor Store,

501 Jackson Avenue, Westside, be granted; provided he take
out the restaurant connected therewith.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ACE BAR - Retail Tavern	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of M. B. Abrams

License	for a retail tavern liquor license at the Ace, Bar, 111

South 1st. Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.