of $140,000.00 of general obligation bonds. Such notice of
Sale being as follows:

NOTICE OF SALE
OF

$140,000.00

CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
POLICE STATION BONDS

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada, will on the 28th day of December, 1945, at the hour of 2:00 o'clock
P. M. at the City office in Las Vegas, Nevada, receive sealed bids, and publicly open
same, for the purchase of City of Las Vegas Police Station Bonds in the aggregate 

principal amount of $140,000.00 to be designated "Las Vegas Police Station Bonds."

Said bonds will be in the denomination of $1,000 each, shall bear the date of January
1, 1946 shall bear interest at a rate of not more than 6% per annum payable semi-annually
January 1, and July 1 of each year, both principal and interest being payable at the office
of the City Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada; to mature serially in twenty equal annual 

installments of $7,000.00 each, commencing January 1, 1947, to and including January 1, 1966.

Bidders are required to submit offers specifying:

(a)	The lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par at which said bidder
will purchase such bonds; or

(b)	The lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds at par.

The bonds will be sold to the bidder making the best bid, subject to the right of the
Board to reject any and all bids and readvertise.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest nor will any
discount or commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds. All bids shall be
sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be accompanied by a deposit of
five per cent, either cash or certified check, of the amount of the bid, which will be 

returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to
complete the purchase of said bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid,
the amount of his deposit shall be forfeited to the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, and in that event the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid; or if all
bids are rejected the Board of City Commissioners may readvertise said bonds for sale.

If there are two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are not
less than par and accrued interest, the Board of City Commissioners will determine which
bid shall be accepted.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 21st day of November, 1945.

(SEAL)	s/ E. W. Cragin

Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 7, 1946

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada met in regular session pursuant to due notice of call
at the regular meeting place of said Board in Las Vegas,

Nevada on the 7th day of January, 1946 at the hour of 2 P.M.

The following members of the Board of City Commissioners were
present:	E. W. Cragin, Mayor; R. T. Baskin, Commissioner;

Walter Bates, Commissioner; C. R. Clark, Commissioner; and
A. Corradetti, Commissioner. Also present, Helen Scott Reed,
City Clerk.

His Honor E. W. Cragin Called the meeting to order and stated
that in accordance with provisions passed by the Board of 

Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas on December 7, 1945 that
there has been published in full compliance with law notice
of advertising for sale $160,000.00 general obligation bonds.
Such notice of sale being as follows:

NOTICE OF SALE OF $160,000.00
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SWIMMING POOL BONDS

Series of 1947-1966

Notice is hereby given that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will on the 7th day of January, 1946 at the hour of