Comm9ssioners, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark as provided by law.

I, Dan W. Franks, certify that I am the acting secretary of the
State Board of Finance and that the foregoing is a full, true, and
correct copy of a resolution duly adopted by unanimous vote of the
State Board of Finance at a metting held on the 15th day of September, 1942.

Dated this 15th day of September, 1942.

Dan W. Franks

Acting - Secretary of the State Board of
Finance.

AND WHEREAS, said certified copy of said Resolution of said State Board
of Finance is now recorded in the Minutes of the Board,

AND WHEREAS, it is necessary at this time to borrow the sum of
$50,000.00 of the said sum of $75,000.00 so authorized and, WHEREAS,

First National Bank of Nevada, Reno, Nevada, (Las Vegas Branch) has offered
to lend to the City of Las Vegas, the sum of $50,000.00 at an interest
rate of three and one-half (3½%) per cent per annum, payable 

semiannually for a term of two and one-half (2½) years from the date of said
loan,

Now, therefore, BE IT RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, borrow from First National Bank of Nevada, Reno, Nevada, the sum
of Fifty Thousand ($50,000.00) Dollars for the purpose of meeting the
necessity and emergency now existing, to-wit: to meet the payroll of
the city employees and other current expenses of the City Government,
under the 1942 budget, pending the collection of the tax levy, 1942.

And be It FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and the City Clerk be
and they are hereby authorized and directed to execute for and on behalf
of the city of Las Vegas as evidence of said loan, a promissory note to
First National Bank of Nevada, Reno, Nevada, for the sum of $50,000.00
with interest thereon at the rate of 3½% per annum, interest payable
semi-annually, and principal payable on or before two and one-half years
from the date of said loan,

and be It FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk furnish to said Bank
a certified copy of all Minutes of this Board Relative to said emergency
loan, including a certfied copy of this Resolution,

be it FURTHER RESOLVED that all previous Resolutions adopted by
this Board relating to said emergency loan, be and the same are hereby
ratified and approved.

The foregoing Resolution and recitals were read aloud to the Board.

Commissioner Smith moved the adoption of the foregoing recitals and
resolutions. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting aye: Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor, the Mayor

Howell C. Garrison.

Voting no:	None.

TRAFFIC METERS	 Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the Mayor and city clerk be authorized

Contract cancelled  to execute the form of release submitted by the Duncan Meter Corporation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE	An Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance Vacating the Southerly Seventy-Five

closing alley	feet of the Alley Running Northerly and Southerly Through Block Number

Fifteen in Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, for Police Department Purposes" was read to the Board
for the first time. Commissioner Smith moved the approval of said
Ordinance. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.



 TWA LEASE	 The clerk was instructed to write to the TWA regarding lease on space

at the Airport Administration Building and also to mail them a bill for
two months rent.

USO - SITE

	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that, on the recommendation of the city

condemnation	attorney, the city default in the action of condemnation filed in the

 United States District Court regarding the site of the USO building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his honor voting aye. Noes, none.

MANDALAY BAR

gaming	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the application for a gaming license

the Mandalay Bar at 111 Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

WESTSIDE CAFE

 Jay Rob 	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Jay Robb for a slot

machine license at D & Madison be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
 Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith
and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NEVADA CAFE

gaming	COMMISSIONER SMITH MOVED THAT THE application of Theodore Michelos for

	 slot machine license at 113 N. 1st Street for the 3rd and 4th quarters

be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.