Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Clark.

REPORT OF	       Report of City Budget and Expenditures for

CITY BUDGET	period ending September 30, 1944, was read

and ordered filed.

ASPHALT CONTRACT	   Commissioner Smith moved that the City

EXTENDED	    Manager be authorized to continue the

purchase of asphalt under the present 

contracts until January 1, 1945, provided said
extension is agreeable to vendor at the same
quoted price and provided that sufficient funds
are available in the funds of the City of

   Las Vegas to make such purchases.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti
and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Commissioner Clark.

BIDS-FIRE STATION	Commissioner Smith moved to ratify publication

of Notice to Bidders on the new fire station
to be opened November 20, 1944 at 2.00 p.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
 	aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

SUB-FIRE STATION	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the Mayor appoint

LOCATION	a committee to secure a suitable location for the

building of the sub-fire station.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

The following committee was appointed:	Charles

 	C. McCall, A. F. Smith, Sr., Walter Bates and

 	C. G. Petrie.

WOODLAWN CEMETERY  	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the action

rescind motion	of the City Commissioners at a regular meeting

held on September 22, 1944 upon the following
motion, be rescinded.

"Commissioner Bates moved that permission be
granted to the Cemetery Board to convert for
use of graves every other walkway in Plots J
and K in the old cemetery as per recommendation
of the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,  

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none."

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith end Carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, 

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

 	Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

SEWER LEASE: F.W.A.	Commissioner Smith moved that lease between the

City of Las Vegas and the United States of America
for certain sewage facilities be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same and
that the City Manager be authorized to secure the
necessary insurance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,

 	none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

FLOOD LIGHTS FOR  	Commissioner Smith moved that the City of Las Vegas

HIGH SCHOOL USE	grant the use of the flood lights ea at the City Park

to the Las Vegas High School for use at the Butcher
Memorial Field during the 1944 football season.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.