REPORT CLARK COUNTY	Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Clark County

GENERAL HOSPITAL -	General Hospital for the month of March filed in the

office of the City Manager.

BUCK EYE CHIP SPREADER - Commissioner Smith moved that the City Manager be

authorized to purchase from the Shaw Sales and Service
Company of Los Angeles, without competitive bids, a
Buck-Eye Chip Spreader for $650.60 F.O.B. Los Angeles.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,

	Commissioner Clark.

CLARK COUNTY HEALTH	Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Clark County

CENTER REPORT -	Health Center, together with a letter from the City

Clerk, befiled.

Agreement WITH COUNTY      Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be
RE: INSPECTOR -	directed to work up an agreement with Clark County

re: Building, Plumbing and Electrical Inspection in
Clark County and submit at a future meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

ZONE VARIANCE -	Commissioner Bates moved that the request of Roy

Refer to Planning	N. Woodin, 519 Linden Street, for permission to

operate a garage at said adress be referred to the
Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

PLANNING ENGINEER TRIPS  Commissioner Bates moved that the Board of City

Commissioners approve the trip made by Mr. Petrie to
Reno and San Francisco on behalf of the City and further
that the City participate in the cost of said trip with
the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent Commis-
sioner Clark.

SWIMMING POOL -	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be

authorized to make swimming pool designs, and the same to
be chargeable against the bond issue when sold.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent,
Commissioner Clark.

CHARTER CHANGES -	Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be

directed to review the Charter Changes and make a report
to the Council at the next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent, Commissioner
Clark.

BIDS - GRAVEL	Bids having been let for gravel for the City streets and

only one having been received from Martin Sand & Gravel
Company which was opened at this time with following
quotations:

250-500 Tons of gravel chips of a maximum size of 3/8 inch down to l/l6
inch, to be used for bituminous surface treatment of Las Vegas City streets.
Material to be free from dust of fracture and conform with State of
Nevada Department of Highway Specifications 77.6.

Quote price F.O.B., your plant:

If we Load -	$1.50

If you load -	2.00

Deliveries to be made as required.

250-500 Tons of Pea Gravel of a maximum size of l/2 inch
down to 1/8 inch, to be used for surface treatment of
Las Vegas City streets. Material to be free from dust of
Fracture.

Quote price F.O.B., your plant:

If we load -	$150

If you load -	200

Thereafter Commissioner Bates moved that the bid be
rejected and bids relet to be opened at the next
regular meeting.