suggested that the entire strip for a depth of fifteen
feet along the easterly portion of this right of way
between Fremont Street and Carson Street be vacated.
This vacation then would permit of a uniform easterly
street line from Fremont Street south to Clark
Street.

It is further recommended that this approval is made
only upon the condition that owners requesting this
vacation and holding property on the west side of
this 10 feet of the westerly 15 feet of South 14th
Street vacated at an earlier date. This 

arrangement will then provide an adequate street of 60
feet in width as is desired.

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held June 22nd,

1945, set July 245h, 1945, at the hour of 2:30 p.m., at the Commissioners
Room of the Board of Commissioners in the War Memorial Building located
at the northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada,
as the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and 

recommendation and Ordered the Clerk of the City of Las Vegas to cause notice
of said he ring to be posted as in said Order provided, which notice
was to set forth the extent of said proposed vacation.

And It appearing from the Affidavit of Claud C. Sargent filed with
the Clerk of this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a
copy of which is attached to said Affidavit, was posted on the 22nd day
of June 1945, in the manner prescribed by said Order.

And the 28th day of September, 1945 being the time fixed for the
hearing of said Petition for the Vacation and recommendation thereof,
and this Board having heard evidence in support of said recommendation
and Petition for vacation and being satisfied that the public will not
be materially injured by such proposed vacation;

IT IS HEREBY ORDERED:	That the following described property, to-wit:

The easterly 15' of right-of-way Bordering Lots 1, 7, 8, 9, 10, and
11, Block 19 of Ladd’s Addition, in the City of Las Vegas, as shown by the
thereof on record in the County Recorder’s Office, Clark County, Nevada,

be and the same hereby is vacated.

/s/ E. E. Cragin____________

Mayor

ATTEST: 

/s/	Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the Board approve the
trip of any members of the Board to Carson City, Nevada to
represent the City there on Admission Day, and that their
expenses be born by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by
the following vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Clark.

There being no further business to come before the 

meeting at this time Commissioner Bates moved that this 

meeting recess until 10 a.m. Saturday, October 27th.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: 

Commissioner Clark.

ADMISSION DAY