Las Vegas, Nevada

September 29, 1944

At a regular recessed meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners held this twenty-ninth
day of September, 1944:	Meeting called to

order at the hour of 10.15 am by His Honor,

Mayor E. W. Cragin, with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and Smith; City Manager, Charles C. McCall and
  City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of
September twenty-second be corrected following
the minute order regarding Huntridge Development
Co. Agreement to show that the Board recessed at
2.30 p.m. and reconvened at 3.30 p.m. for the
purpose of hearing any protests against the 

proposed vacation of a certain portion of Charleston
Boulevard which is more fully described in the
Order of Vacation, 9/22/44 minutes.

There being no protests, Commissioner Bates moved
that the minutes as corrected be approved by
reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

LEAGUE OF NEVADA	At this time, the proposed by-laws of the League

CITIES: BY-LAWS	of Nevada Cities, Inc. were presented to the Board

for its consideration, as follows:

BY- LAWS OF THE LEAGUE OF NEVADA CITIES. INC.

ARTICLE I - NAME

SECTION 1. This Corporation shall be known as "The League of Nevada Cities, Inc."

ARTICLE II - PURPOSES

SECTION 1. That the purpose for which it is formed are:

(a)	To foster periodical conferences, or meetings of city officials for the
discussion of municipal problems and for the purpose of promoting governmental efficiency.

(b)	To foster and disseminate knowledge relating to municipal government by
all appropriate means and to arouse greater interest and more active civic consciousness
among the people as to its importance and significance.

(c)	To publish and circulate publications on municipal and/or technical 

subjects of interest to cities.

(d)	To promote good legislation respecting municipal affairs, and to oppose
such measures as seem to be inimical to public interest.

(e)	To secure harmony of action among cities in matters that affect the rights
and liabilities of the cities.

(f)	To render technical, informational and other services to cities for their
general welfare.

ARTICLE - MEMBERSHIP

SECTION 1. Member Cities. Any city in the State of Nevada may, by proper action of
its legislative body ratifying these by-laws and the payment of such annual dues as may be
prescribed in Section 1 of Article VIII hereof, become a Member City and as such, be
entitled to all the services and privileges of the League. Any Member City may withdraw
from membership in the League by adoption of an appropriate resolution.

SECTION 2. Any city of the State of Nevada may by agreement with the League of Nevada
Cities end payment of the service charge prescribed in Section 1 of Article VIII hereof,
become a Registered City and as such entitled to all the services and privileges of the
League.

SECTION 3. All duly accredited officers and employees of Member Cities and Registered
Cities shall be members of this corporation.

SECTION 4. Honorary members. Any person who has rendered conspicuous service for the
improvement of municipal government, may by the vote of the Board of Directors, be granted
an honorary membership in the League. All ex-presidents of the League shall be Honorary
members. Honorary members as such shall not have a voice or vote in any of the meetings
of the League.

ARTICLE IV - BOARD OF DIRECTORS

SECTION 1. Board of Directors. The affairs of the League shall be conducted by a
Board of Directors composed of the junior past president of the League, who shall serve
for a terra of one (1) year immediately succeeding the completion of his term of office as
president of the League; one Director to be appointed by the governing body of each Member
City prior to each annual conference for a term to commence immediately on the adjournment
of the annual conference. The board shall meet immediately on the adjournment of the Annual
Conference for the purpose of the organization.