IAS VEGAS, NEVADA
JANUARY 7, 1944

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 7th
day of January, 1944. Meeting called to order by his Honor, Mayor E. W.

  Cragin at the hour of 2:00 P.M., with the following members present:
  Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and Smith. City Attorney, Louis
Wiener, Jr. Chas. C. McCall, City Manager. Richard Simonton, Auditor



Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the special meeting of
December 31st be approved by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIMS APPROVED    Commissioner Smith moved that claims #4545 and 4546, 4558 to 4565 inclusive

amounting to $14,689.91 and payroll claims #4547 to 4557 inclusive, in
the sum of $15,176.02 be approved and the Mayor and city clerk authorized
to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Bates, Corradetti, Smith and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

 

CLAIM	 	The claim of Mr. Fleming covering architectural services for a sub-fire-

James A. Fleming	station was referred to the city attorney.

PLUMBING INSPECTOR     The reports of the plumbing inspector were ordered filed.

Report

PHOTO SHOP	Commissioner Smith moved that the application of A. L. Gates for renewal

License denied	 	of photo shop license at 324 Fremont be denied. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Bates, Corradetti, Smith and his Honor votng aye. Noes, none.

ORDINANCE 290	 	An ordinance entitled "An ordinance to amend Section 11 of Ordinance No.	250

First reading	     of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance regulating the sale of milk,

cream and other dairy products in the city of Las Vegas:	Defining standard

for milk and cream:	Providing for the issuance of permits for the sale of

milk and cream and the revocation of such permits: Providing for the creation
of a milk ordinance committee:	Providing for the appointment of a dairy and

milk inspector:	Authorizing the city commissioners to promulgate rules and

regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance: Providing a penalty for the
violation of this ordinance:	Repealing Ordinance number 200 of the city of

Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream, and
other dairy products in the city of Las Vegas:	Defining standard for milk

and cream:	Providing for the issuance of permits for the sale of milk and

cream, and the revocation of such permits:	Authorizing the city commissioners

to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance:
Providing a penalty for the violation thereof:	And repealing all ordinances

and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith:’ And repealing all ordinances
and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance," was read to the Board
for the first time. Commissioner Clark moved the adoption of the foregoing
Ordinance on its first reading. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Bates, Corradetti
 	and	his Honor, Mayor Cragin voting aye. Noes, Commissioner	Smith.

WM. GRAVES	The	demand of Wm. Graves covering alleged salary in the sum	of $1,332.32

Demand	was	considered at this time. Commissioner Smith moved that	said demand be

denied. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

APPLICATIONS - granted Commissioner Corradetti moved that the following gaming and liquor licenses

gaming and liquor      be renewed:

renewals

E. P. Bihlmaier	Oasis	Cafe	123	Fremont	Retail	Restaurant

H. Gill Helm	Mom’s	Lunch	1401 E. Fremont	Retail	Beverage

Morton Goldring	Spic N Span	129	Fremont	Retail beverage

J. T. Watters	J. T. Watters	120-22 N. 2nd	Importer’s beverage-liquor

Wholesale Liquor

C.V.T. Gilbert	Gilbert’s Store	314 Bonanza Road	Retail	liquor license

P. O. Lafitte	Paul’s Cafe	920 E. Fremont	Retail	beverage

George Miller	Charleston Grocery	Charleston Blvd	Retail	beverage

R. D. Gard	Dick's Bar	118	N. 1st	Retail	beverage

O. K. Adcock	B.P.O.E	3rd	& Carson	Retail	Club liquor

James J. Adras	Pony	Coffee	Shop	123	S. 1st	Retail	beverage

James J. Adras	White Spot Cafe	109	Fremont	Retail	Restaurant

John Katsaros	Sam’s Cafe	320	Fremont	Retail restaurant

E. P. Bihlmaier	Oasis	Cafe	123	Fremont	4 slot	machines

Moe Taub	Cotton Club	500	Jackson	Ave	7 slot	machines

Race Horse Keno

J. W. Holden	Jack Pot	116	Fremont	1 21 game

H. Gill Helm	Mom’s Lunch	1401 Fremont	2 slot	machines

Carl E. Wilson	Pony Express Stages	123	S. 1st	7 slot	machines

Bruce Kilpatrick	Prescription	Pharmacy	814	Fremont	2 slot machines

Boycie Ensley	Oklahoma	Cafe	220	N. 1st	2 slot	machines

Lee Hughes	Westside	Cafe	D &	Madison	3 slot	machines

Horace G. Tucker	DeLuxe Sandwich	Shop	S. 2nd St.	2 slot	machines