BIDS—CITY JAIL
RESOLUTION

GAMING APPLICATIONS

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
at this time, Commissioner Bates moved that the meeting
adjourn until 2 p.m. Monday July 8, 1946.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Baskin.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 8, 1946

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 8th day of July, 1946. Meeting called to order by
His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin at the hour of 4 P.M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates,

Corradetti; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy, and Chief Deputy
City Clerk Shirley Ballinger. Absent:	Commissioner Clark,

City Clerk Helen Scott Reed, and City Attorney C. Norman
Cornwall.

Motion made by Commissioner Bates that inasmuch as no bids
were received for the construction of the City Jail that
readvertisement for bids on a cost plus fixed fee basis be
made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Motion made by Commissioner Bates that the following resolution
be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is owner in fee of the land and premises on
Second Street between Fremont and Ogden Avenues in the City of Las Vegas, which
were formerly used as a fire station site and which land and premises are more
particularly described as follows:

Lot Twenty-three (23), Block Fifteen (15), of Clark’s Las Vegas Townsite

as per map thereof on file and of record in the office of the County

Recorder of Clark County, Nevada

and

WHEREAS, the said site has been abandoned for such purposes and is no
longer used for a fire station, and

WHEREAS, it is for the best interests of the City of Las Vegas to dispose
of said land and premises and thereby save all expenses incidental to the 

maintenance thereof,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED this 8th day of July, 1946, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that
the land and premises above described which were formerly used as a fire station
site be sold at private sale to the highest bidder and upon such terms and
conditions as this Board shall prescribe, and that the City Manager be and he is
hereby authorized and directed to advertise for bids.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the following renewals of gaming
applications be granted:

Wilshire Service Station 1600 So. 5th	Vegas Sweet Shop     1 slot

Signal Service Sta.	801	E. Fremont	Vegas	Sweet Shop	1	slot

Dew Drop Inn	D &	Jackson	Louis	S. Bunzel	1	slot

Coronado Courts	1200 So. 5th	A. Kroloff	2 slots

Monte Carlo Club	15 Fremont	A. Kroloff	1 slot

Harold's Drive In	800	No. Main	Gayer	Company	1	slot

Market Spot	117	Carson	Harry	Levy	5	slots

Nevada Biltmore	600 No. Main	T. A. Campbell     1 - craps

2 - "21"

1 - Roulette
17 Slots