Las Vegas, Nevada

July 11, 1945

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 11th day of July, 1945. Meeting called to order at
the hour of 11:50 A.M. by His Honor Mayor E. W. Cragin with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and City Manager Charles C. McCall; City Attorney,

C. Norman Cornwall; Deputy City Clerk, Shirley Dimock.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign the original map of the proposed Charleston Square,
submitted by the Master Homes Incorporated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There bing no further business to be brought before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn
until July 21, 1945 at 10 A.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
July 21, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 21st day of July, 1945. Meeting called to order at the
hour of 10 a.m. with following members present:	Mayor

E. W. Cragin; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti;
City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall; City Manager, Charles C.
McCall; City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of June 22, June 29,
and July 7 be approved by reference, and the Mayor and City
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims Nos. 475 to 483
inclusive in the net sum of $15,497.05 be approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Cragin ordered the reports of the Building Inspector and
Electrical Inspector for the month of May, and City Library
for the months of May and June, filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the violation of the Nevada Sub-
Division Law by Arnold Zougg and William Mendelsohn be referred
to the City Attorney for action.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of Guy McAfee for
one Poker Game and one Crap Game at the Golden Nugget, 125
Fremont Street be granted.

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS

NEVADA SUB DIVISION

LAW VIOLATION

GOLDEN NUGGET
Gaming Application

PAYROLL CLAIMS