Board of City Commissioners of the city of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow)
at an interest rate of not to exceed eight per cent (8%) per annum; and do provide in the
subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof both principal and interest within the
period of two and one-half years from the date of borrowing said	sum;	and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they	are hereby authorized	and

empowered to make, execute and deliver such promissory note or notes as may	be 	necessary

from time to time to carry	 into effect this RESOLUTION, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the city clerk execute and deliver the necessary certified copy
of this Resolution to be sent to the State Board of Finance.

The foregoing RESOLUTION was read aloud and adopted at the recessed regular meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners on the 8th day of September, A. D. 1942. Voting Aye: Commissioners

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison. Voting no. none. Absent. Commissioner
City Atty. Ralli stated that the Minutes of August 24th be corrected to show that the Clark.

Resolution regarding emergency Loan was passed instead of adopted, and the Resolution
corrected to show September 8th, 1942.

The clerk was instructed to write to the Chambers of Commerce at Salt Lake,City, Utah,

 and the Junior and Senior Chamber of Commerce locally informing them that the city of Las	

Vegas is interested in borrowing up to $75,000.00 at the lowest possible interest rate.

Some discussion was had as to making a change in the business license ordinance.

Commissioner Smith moved that when replys were received to letters sent out by the Clerk
to various cities requesting copies of license ordinance that they be turned over to the
city auditor, who will in turn report to the Board together with any recommendations he
might care to offer relative to readjustment of business licenses in the City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Blackman made a report regarding the heating and cooling unit at the Airport Administration
Building. Matter was referred to the city attorney.

A letter was read from the Fire Underwriters. Submitted therewith was their report.

Commissioner Smith made amotion that R. E. Lake be granted a leave of absence as requested
by the chief of Police, due to the death of his brother-in-law. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The city mechanic made a favorable report on certain equipement heretofore called to his
attention. Thereafter Commissioner Smith moved that the city purchase a certain truck, grader
and bulldozer from Wally Rhoads for $5,025.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.	

Mayor Garrison thanked the committee appointed to investigate the feasibility of moving the

city barns and thereafter discharged them.

Harlan T. Brown made a report on the demolition of the Gartside property. The city attorney
stated that it was the duty of the city to demolish the Gartside property and also to
clean up the Murray Cabins.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city demolish the Gartside property at a cost of not
to exceed $300.00 under the supervision of the city engineer. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Regarding relocation of certain lines and monuments in the Huntridge Addition. The city
attorney said it was discretionary with the city as to whether they complied with the request
or not. Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the city engineer proceed to make said survey as
requested and establish monuments. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that $100 be allowed to clean up Murray Cabins. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the city engineer assume the duties of securing easements for
Federal Government for the installation of the sewer lines. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his	

Honor voting aye. Noes, none.		

Commissioner Smith moved that the money for demolishing the Gartside property and cleaning up
the Murry cabins be taken from the general fund. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that this meeting adjourn until September 16th, at the hour of 7:30
P.M., Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by unanimous vote.