Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized to take
a trip to Reno to attend a Surplus Property Meeting to be held
September 25, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The following Resolution was presented to the Board for their
consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there has been filed with the Board of City Commissioners of Las Vegas
Nevada , a petition by Mary E. Dutton, owner of lots 1, 2, 3, 38, 39 and 40 in
Block 5 of Amended Plat of Book 2 of Plats, Page 59, Clark County, Nevada Records,
for a correction of the dimensions of said lots as shown upon said plat, attached
to said petition being a plat showing the correct dimensions of the said lots, and

WHEREAS, the said corrected plat of said lots has been checked by the office
of the City Engineer and found to be substantially correct,

NOW THEREFORE, in accordance with the provisions of Section 1350 of the
Nevada Compiled Laws, as Amended, it is hereby ordered that the dimensions of the
said lots 1, 2, 3, 38, 39, and 40 in Block 5 as shown on said amended Plat of
Vegas Verde Addition No. 2, be corrected to read as indicated upon the said
corrected plat a s filed with the Board of City Commissioners, and that a 

certified copy of this resolution with a copy of said corrected plat attached, be
recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, and that
said corrected dimensions be endorsed upon said Amended Plat of Vegas Verde
Addition No. 2/

Commissioner Clark moved that the foregoing resolution be
approved provided the owner prepares a plan in ink on drawing
cloth, satisfactory to the Recorder's Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved the approval of Change Order No. 3 in the
sum of $685.80 in accordance with the statement from the Pioneer
Construction company dated September 12, 1945 and also the Final
Change Order on construction of the Fire Station; and the Mayor
be authorized to sign same. Further that the time for completion of
said station be extended to September 20, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Thereafter the following resolution was presented to the Board for
their consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas under the project 26-130-N, Construction
of Fire Station and Equipment, entered into a contract known as No. 1 with the
Pioneer Construction Company for the construction of two Fire Stations, said
contract authorized by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at
their recessed meeting held December 11, 1944.

WHEREAS, the work on these Fire Stations have now been completed in
accordance with the plans and specifications and approved change orders thereto,

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas does hereby accept the Fire
Stations as being completed ana in conformity with the plans and specifications
and approved change orders, thereto, as of the date of final completion; ie.,

September 20, 1945.

Commissioner Clark moved the resolution be approved and the Mayor
and the City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for their 

consideration:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has entered into several contracts for the furnishing
of equipment in connection with Project 26-130-N, and,

WHEREAS, the equipment has been received on the following contracts:

SURPLUS PROPERTY
Meeting -

VEGAS VERDI ADDITION NO.2
Plat Amendment -

FIRE STATION - Change Order
No. 3 & Final Change Order
Approved -