NOVEMBER 4, 1942
Las Vegas, Nevada

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of November, 1942.
Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison at the hour of 7:30 PM. with
the following members presents Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, and Tinch; acting City 

Attorney Harve C. Dickerson; City Auditor A. W. Blackman; and City Clerk Helen Scott Reed.

Minutes of the meetings of October 5, 6, 16, and special meeting of October 21 were read and
approved as read.

Commissioner Smith moved that demand 746 to 754 inclusive be approved and the mayor and city
clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch, Clark, and His Honor voting aye. Noes,

none.

The following resolution was presented for considerations

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 16th. day of July, the following application was filed with
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada:

TO THE HONORABLE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS,

City of Las Vegas, Nevada

Gentlemens

We, the undersigned, owners of more than seventy-
five per cent (75%) of the property hereinafter
described, situated contiguous or adjacent to the
alley hereby petitioned to be vacated, do hereby
petition your Board to vacate the following
described alley, to-wit:

That certain alley running North and South
between Lots 7 to 16 inclusive, in Block
20 of Ladd's Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, being a portion of the SW ¼ of 

Section 35, Township 20 South, Range 61 East,

M.D.B&M.

(SDG)	CYRIL S. WENGERT

(SDG)	RICHARD ROSCHL

(SDG) O'NEIL LUMBER COMPANY
(SDG)	A. C. DELKIN

(SDG)	C. LELAND RONNOW

(SDG)	LUCY MAY ROSCHL

(SDG)	OTTO KIMBALL

and

WHEREAS, on the 5th. day of October, 1942, the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, made an
Order setting the time of the hearing of said application for
Wednesday the 4th day of November, 1942, at 7:30 o'clock P.M.,
that being the next regular meeting of said Board; and

WHEREAS, notice of the time and place of said hearing was
duly given in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a newspaper of
general circulation published in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, which notice was published on the 16th. day
of October, 1942, as appears from the Affidavit of Publication on
file herein; and

WHEREAS, at the regular meeting of said Board of City
Commissioners, held on the 4th. day of November, 1942, at 7:30
o'clock P.M., said application was duly considered by said Board,
and there having been no protests filed with the Clerk of said
Board, and it appearing to said Board that the City Planning Board
have recommended that said application be granted, and the said
Board of City Commissioners being satisfied that the granting of
said application would be to the best interest of the people of the
City of Las Vegas, acted upon the following resolution:

BE IT RESOLVED: That the application made by Cyril S. Wengert,

Richard Roschl, O'Neil Lumber Company, A. C. Delkin, C. Leland
Ronnow, Lucy May Roschl and Otto Kimball, be granted, and that
the following described portions of the plat of Ladd's
Addition to the City of Las Vegas, as shown by map thereof
on file in Book One of "Plats", Page Two, in the
office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada,
together with the following described portion of the
alley in said plat, to-wit:

That certain alley running North and South
between Lots 7 to 16 inclusive, in Block
20 of Ladd's Addition to the City of Las
Vegas, being a portion of the SW ¼ of 

Section 35, Township 20 South, Range 61
East, M.D.B. & M.,
be and the same is hereby vacated.

A vote was then taken on said resolution with the following