Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

An alternate bid from the Western Air Express on the space available in the Airport Administration
Building was opened.

A letter addressed to A. L. Drew calling attention to a proposed agreement to furnish electricity
to the Police Department in the event of a blackout or power failure was referred to the city	

attorney to check before the 8th.

Motion by Commissioner Tinch seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux that alternate bid of the WAE 
be referred to city attorney for report on the 8th. Motion carried by the following vote. 

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for two 10 ply 700 X 20 tires and tubes to be returned
September 8th. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.

Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that bids be let for two transformers to be used at the new location
of the city barns. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Chas. Guy replace James Kelly in the engineering department,
as of August 16th, at a salary of $160 per month. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.	



Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Harlan T. Brown be granted a vacation starting September 7th 
for two weeks. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and following vote was taken.
Commissioners Rubidoux and Tinch voting aye. Noes, Commissioner Smith. Mayor Garrison passed
his vote.

A letter signed by Mayor Garrison relative to supervision of Inspectors was read. Commissioner
Smith moved that the recommendation of Mayor Garrison that the plumbing, electrical and building
inspectors be placed under the supervision of the city engineer be approved and adopted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that warrants 722 to 729 inclusive be approved. Commissioner Smith 
seconded said motion with objections to warrants 726-9 and 726-11. Motion carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the check of the Municipal Judge in the amount of $3,419.00 be
accepted. Further, that the city clerk notify said Judge that he must submit his report with
the check henceforth. Motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of J. W. Cahlan for $16.65 be approved for services
rendered as municipal judge during the absence of Judge Blad. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that the county be billed for city maps - $1.50 for large ones and

.20 cents for small ones. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation	of the city 	engineer that fees to the general	

public for maps be as follows:	Large ones $4.00	small ones 	$0.50.

The matter of driveway width as presented by Mr. Siguardsen was referred to the	city attorney.

The report of the city attorney was presented at this time. Commissioner Smith moved that said

report be accepted and adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following
vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

The city clerk was instructed to write a letter to the Las Vegas Land & Water Company regarding
responsibility for installing certain fire hydrants, as per ruling of city attorney.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration:

Resolution

WHEREAS, the United States Government finds it necessary to lease additional land at
the Las Vegas Flexible Gunnery School, and

WHEREAS, the additional land required belongs to the City of Las Vegas, and the said
city of Las Vegas is willing to lease said additional land, to the United States Government whenever
the proper leases are drawn by the said government of the United States and presented to it.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby resolved that the following described parcel of land

The South one half (S 1/2) of the Southwest one quarter (SW 1/4) of
the Northwest one quarter (NW 1/4) add the Northwest one quarter
(NW 1/4) of the Southwest one quarter (SW 1/4) and North one half
(N 1/2) of the Southwest one quarter (SW 1/4) of the Southwest one
quarter (SW 1/4) and the West one half (w 1/2) of the West one half
(W 1/2) of the Northeast one quarter (NE 1/4)
Township 19 South, Range 62 East, Mount Diablo Base and
Meridian. Containing 90 acres, more or less.

be leased over to the United States Government and the Mayor is hereby authorized to sign said
leases when same are presented under the same terms and conditions as the former leases have been
signed with the United States Government.

Commissioner Smith moved that said Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commission rs Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting

aye. Noes, none.