mission to use the lots indicated at the above addresses for
RESTRICTED COMMERCIAL USE as described below. Such lots are
located at the above addresses in residence zone #5 as legally
described in the petition for exception, a copy of which is on
file in the office of the planning commission. These lots are
included in an area which will be redistricted to include 

professional offices under the new land use plan.

It is further recommended that your order include
the following provisions:

1.	That such lots be subject only to RESTRICTED
COMMERCIAL USE classified as professional
offices for the administration to persons
(but not for the housing thereof) of 

professional, medical or dental practices.

2.	The display of any signs upon the above 

mentioned premises shall be limited to one sign
for each professional office not exceeding
one-half square foot in area and containing
only the name of the occupant. No flashing
or blinking lights shall be placed upon any
such sign which shall be located at the 

entrance of each professional office.

3.	That the conduct of such professional use be
subject to any other laws or regulations of
the State of Nevada or the City of Las Vegas.

4.	That the external appearance of the existing
or any future buildings be residential in
character and that plans for any intended
remodeling thereof first be submitted to

and approved by the planning commission prior
to the issuance of any building permits for
such remodeling.

This petition involving property legally 

described therein and classified in residence zone #5 was 

present to and reviewed by members of the joint planning 

commission on October 1, 1946. After consideration of all factual
data before members of the commission, it was determined
that the exception here recommended under the conditions
set forth was consistent with the intent and purposes of
the City zoning ordinance and amendments thereto now being
prepared.

Respectfully submitted,

Las Vegas -- Clark County
Joint Planning Commission

/s/ C. G. Petrie
C. G. Petrie
Planning Engineer

CGP:GM

CC-City Manager

Mrs. Louise Conklin

October 4
19	4 6

Honorable Mayor and Board of City Commissioners
War Memorial Building
Las Vegas, Nevada

Re:	Zone Exception Case #22, Robt. B. Griffith

All Lots, Block 21, Pioneer Heights Addition

Gentlemen:

It is respectfully recommended that your Honorable Board
adopt an order approving the recommendation of the Joint Planning
commission that the above petitioner be granted permission to use
the property indicated above for MULTIPLE DWELLING USE as described
below. Such property is located on the west side of Maryland 

Parkway, two blocks north of Charleston Boulevard in Residence Zone #1
as legally described in the petition for exception, a copy of which
is on file in the office of the Planning Commission. This property
is included in an area which is being redistricted as a Limited
Multiple Dwelling District under the Land Use Plan.

It is further recommended that your order include the
following provisions:

1.	USE

That the property described be used only for residential
dwellings subject to the limitations hereinafter 

specifically set forth.

2.	COVERAGE

The Maximum coverage permitted under this use shall