LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
OCTOBER 5, 1942

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 5th day of October, 1942.

The meeting was called to order by the Clerk by virtue of the absence of both the Mayor and
Mayor Pro Tem, at the hour of 7:30 P.M.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that A. F Smith, Sr., be appointed acting Mayor during the
absence of the Mayor and Mayor pro tem. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and Smith, voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of the meeting of September 16th, were read and approved as read.

Ira Earl appeared before the Board asking financial aid for the
Scout bus	Boy Scouts - and the natter of maintaining the Scout bus and also 

providing for insurance on same was discussed. Mr. Earl stated that
the Scouts were willing to take over the bus and assume all expenses
incurred therefor, if the city would be willing to pay rent for the use
of the bus whenever it was necessary to use it for city purposes,
which was satisfactory to the City.

Bids from the following firms were opened at this time covering
BIDS:	20,000 letterheads and envelopes:

letterheads	Las Vegas Printing Company Letterheads $135.00 envelopes $170.00	

envelopes	Service Printers	"    135.00 "          172.50 25% rag

"	"	"    142.50 "          183.75 50%  "

Commissioner Tinch moved to accept the bid of the Las Vegas Printing
Company. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the 
following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

Police badges	The L. A. Stamp and Stationery Company stated that they could supply

badges in sterling silver only with a A3 priority. Salt Lake Stamp

Company unable to furnish. The matter was referred to the Chief of
Police.

Fire extinguishers American La France Company - no bid. Roy G. Davis bid $8.50 each

requiring priority. Alternate bid for Wilbur fire	extinguisher $8.50	

can furnish without priority. McQuay Supply - no bid.

Thereafter, the matter was tabled until the next regular meeting.

DEMANDS	Commissioner Tinch moved that demands 734 to 737 be allowed and the

Mayor and city clerk authorized to execute same. Motion seconded by 
Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLAIMS:	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the claim of Hampton Brothers in the

Hampton Bros.	sum of $132.08 and the claim of Dr. Smith in the sum of $101.00

Dr. Smith	be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the	

following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor, Acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

MUNICIPAL FEES	Commissioner Tinch moved that the check of Gus Blad in the sum of

$2,764.00 covering fines and fees in the Municipal Court for the month 
of September be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

RE:	ADJUSTMENT	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. Jorgensen be instructed to furnish

JORGENSEN CLAIM	the Board with an outline of re-adjustment regarding the erection of the

West Wing of the War Memorial Building. Motion seconded By Commissioner
Tinch and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, Acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

SWITCH BOARD	Commissioner Tinch moved that we purchase a switch board from the Quality

Electric Company of Los Angeles for $650.00, provided that it does not 

conflict with government limitations. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch
and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

CLARK - warrants	Commissioner Tinch was appointed to sign Commissioner Clark's warrants 

Tinch appointed	due to his absence on account	of sickness.

SALVAGE COLLECTION	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the superintendent of	streets be allowed

to use a city truck with prisoners for the purpose of collecting scrap 
iron at the request of Mr. DeArmond. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and his Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

REPORT:	Commissioner Tinch moved that	the report of Mr. Harlan T. Brown	be

Brown	received. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the

following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his Honor, acting
Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.

FREMONT STREET	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that,at this time, the matter of widening

Widening	Fremont Street be tabled. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and 

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Tinch and his
Honor, acting Mayor Smith voting aye. Noes, none.