Said bonds will be in the denomination of $1,000 each, shall bear the date
of January 1, 1946, shall bear interest at a rate of not more than 6% per annum, 

payable semi-annually January 1, and July 1 of each year, both principal and interest
being payable at the office of the City Treasurer at Las Vegas, Nevada; to mature
serially in twenty equal annual installments of $7,000.00 each, commencing January
1, 1947, to and including January 1, 1966.

Bidders are required to submit offers specifying:

(a)	The lowest rate of interest and premium, if any, above par at which said
bidder will purchase such bonds; or

(b)	The lowest rate of interest at which the bidder will purchase said bonds
at par.

None of said bonds shall be sold at less than par and accrued interest
nor will any discount of commission be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

All bids shall be sealed and, except the bid of the State of Nevada, shall be 

accompanied by a deposit of five per cent, either cash or certified check, of the
amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted; and if the
successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds 

within thirty days following the acceptance of his bid, the amount of his deposit shall
be forfeited to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, Nevada, and in that event the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas may accept the bid of the one making the next best bid; or if all bids are
rejected the Board of City Commissioners may readvertise said bonds for sale. If
there are two or more equal bids and such bids are the best bids received, and are
not less than par and accrued interest, the Board of City Commissioners will 

determine which bid shall be accepted.

Dated at Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, this 21st day of November, 1945.

(SEAL)

s/ E. W. CRAGIN

ATTEST:	Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada



 

s/ HELEN SCOTT REED,

Clerk, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Clerk of the Board of City Commissioners
is hereby authorized and directed to immediately mail to the State Board of Finance,
at Carson City, Nevada, a copy of the notice of sale.

City Commissioner Baskin seconded the adoption of the foregoing resolution,
and the same on being put to a vote, was unanimously carried by the affirmative vote 
of all Commissioners present, the vote being as follows:

E. W. Cragin	Mayor	"Aye"

Baskin	Commissioner	"Aye"

Bates	Commissioner	"Aye"

Clark	Commissioner	"Aye"

Corradetti	Commissioner	"Aye"

Adopted and Approved, this 21st day of November, 1945.

(SEAL)	s/ E. W. CRAGIN

Mayor, City of Las Vegas, Nevada

ATTEST:

HELEN SCOTT REED,

Clerk, City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

 

With proof of publication thereof being attached hereto and made
a part hereof, and being as follows:

AFFIDAVIT of PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS .

COUNTY of CLARK )

Dick Lochrie, being duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is foreman of

LAS VEGAS AGE, a weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached Notice of
Sale of $140,000.00 was published in said newspaper for a period of 4 times from
November 25, 1945 to December 16, 1945 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper