P. O. SILVAGNI      Commissioner Bates moved that P. O. Silvagni he granted an importer's beverage
IMPORTERS BEVERAGE liquor license for the	Apache Bar at Second and Fremont St.	Motion seconded by

LICENSE	Commissioner Clark and	carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes none.

CLAIMS	Two claims in the sums of $275.00 and $300.00 covering refund on application

R. J. KALTENBORN   for a liquor license presented by R. J. Kaltenborn were read to the Board at

this time. Thereafter, Commissioner Smith moved that the claims of R. J.

Kaltenborn in the total sum of $575.00 be granted. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting aye; noes none.

There being no further	business to come before the Board at this time, 

Commissioner Clark moved that	this meeting adjourn until June 16th	at the hour of 2:00

P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor, Mayor Cragin voting
aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 16, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 16th day of
June, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the
hour of 2:00 P.M. with the following members present: Commissioners Clark,
Corradetti, Smith, Bates; City Auditor, Mac Cazier; City Attorney, Harry H.
Austin and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of the previous meeting be approved
by reference. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Clark, Corradetti, Smith, Bates and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	 	Commissioner Smith moved that vouchers #2008 to #2180, inclusive, be approved

2008 to 2180  	and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign same. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

LAS VEGAS	A letter was read from the Las Vegas Junior Chamber of Commerce requesting the

JUNIOR CHAMBER     use of the City park facilities for the purpose of promoting a wild west show
OF COMMERCE        on Saturday and Sunday, July 3rd and 4th. Commissioner Bates moved that 
CITY PARK	permission be granted and that the Junior Chamber of Commerce be requested to

provide proper property damage and public liability insurance, with limits of
50,000/100,000, and to defray all expenses in connection with preparing the
grounds. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Corradetti, Smith, Bates and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

MILK ORDINANCE     Commissioner Clark moved that Commissioner Smith be instructed to sign 
VIOLATIONS	complaints against certain violators of the Milk Ordinance of the City of Las

Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.

WHITE FRONT	Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application of P. E. Brown for a slot

GAMING APPLICAT-   machine license at the White Front filling station, 313 N. Main St., be denied.
ION DENIED        Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Clark, Smith, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

HERMAN BANKS	 	Commissioner Clark moved that Herman Banks be employed as Poundmaster at a

POUNDMASTER	 	salary of $30.00 a month and that he be required to furnish a telephone at his

home in order to take calls at any time. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ENGINEERING	 	Commissioner Bates moved that Mr. Davis be hired as an instrument man to 

DEPARTMENT	 	replace Mr. Williams in the Engineering Department at a salary of $190.00 per

INSTRUMENT MAN month on a six months temporary basis. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark
HIRED	and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Bates, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ELECTRICAL BOARD   Commissioner Clark moved that the following appointments be made to the 
APPOINTED	Electrical Examining Board:

Samson Electric Co. - Representing the Contractors
R. J. Reitz - Representing the Journeymen
E. D. Wilson - Representing the Power Company
Al Drew - Secretary

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.