vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Commissioner Corradetti passed his Vote.

Commissioner Bates moved that the Acting City Manager be authorized to
make application to the State Board of Finance to borrow $50,000.00
from unappropriated and unused city funds for transfer to other 

departments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote;
Commissioner Clark Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that T.E. Fennessy be appointed Acting City
Manager to and including September 7, 1945. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and Carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Baskin, Bates, Clark and Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting be adjourned until
September 7th at the Hour of 10:00 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

APPOINTMENT OF ACTING
CITY MANAGER -

EMERGENCY LOAN -

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 7, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this
7th day of September, 1945. Meeting called to order at the hour
of 2 p.m. by His Honor, Mayor E.W. Cragin, with the following members
present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti; City Attorney,

C. Norman Cornwall; Acting City Manager, T.E. Fennessy; and City
Clerk, Helen Scott Reed. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of August 28, 1945 be
approved by reference, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Payroll Claim Nos. 526-537 inclusive
in the net sum of $17,312.09 be approved and the mayor and city clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that Service and Material Warrant Nos.

538-612 inclusive in the sum of $16,263.18 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti, and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the claim of Luther Honrner for
$50.00 and B. J. Handlon for $85.00, covering expenses to Reno while
attending Fingerprinting School, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City Manager be authorized to
negotiate and agreement with Mr. Strong for the right-of-way on
Shadow Lane and present said agreement to the Board for approval.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Clark.

Commissioner Bates moved the petition of Mary E. Dutton for 

permission to correct the distances and dimensions shown upon the amended
plat of Vegas Verdi Addition No. 2 be referred to the Planning 

Commission for recommendation.

VEGAS VERDI ADEN. No.2
Petition -

SHADOW LANE - Right-of-Way

CLAIM - Luther Horner

& B.J. Handlon -

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS -

PAYROLL CLAIMS -