STREET DEPT	Commissioner Tinch moved that a proper bond must he posted before permission

POSTING BOND	is given to dig up streets or alleys. Said bond to be sufficient to replace

the streets or alleys and the amount to be determined by the City Engineer
before the permit is issued. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.

	

CHARLESTON 	  Commissioner Tinch moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission

BOULEVARD	relative to obtaining right-of-way on Charleston Boulevard for widening purposes

WIDENING	be accepted and approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried

by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.

PLANNING ENGINEER  Commissioner Clark moved that the Planning Commission be allowed to hire a
DRAFTSMAN HIRED   draftsman at $250.00 a month to work in the office of Mr. Petrie, provided

the budget is accepted as submitted to the County Commission and that the
County bear one-half of the expense. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and

His Honor voting aye; noes none.

ORDINANCE	  Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the City Attorney be instructed to draw up

250	an amendment to Ordinance 250 to abolish the collection of milk inspection

AMENDMENT	fees. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes

none.

RED CROSS	 Commissioner Clark moved that the City donate the use of the hall for the

HALL DONATED	concert the Red Cross gave on March the 5th. Motion seconded by Commissioner

Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch

and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

JUNIOR PROM       Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the City donate the use of the Memorial Hall
HALL DONATED	to the High School for the Junior Prom on April 17th. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; Commissioner Clark was out of the room.

OASIS CAFE	  Commissioner Clark moved that the application of E. P. Bihlmaier for a retail

BEVERAGE        beverage license at 123 E. Fremont be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
LICENSE	Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

BONANZA STAR CAFE	Commissioner Clark moved that the	application of C. R. Millhizer for 1 slot

GAMING LICENSE	machine at the Bonanza Star Cafe,	416 Bonanza Road be granted. Motion seconded

by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.



REVIVAL TENT	Commissioner Tinch moved that the	request to erect a tent for revival services

10th & FREMONT	at 10th and Fremont be rejected.	Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and

carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye; noes none.



FRANCHISE	An application of the Vegas Transit Co. for a bus franchise was presented to

VEGAS TRANSIT	the Board at this time. Commissioner Clark moved that the franchise be granted

COMPANY	to the Vegas Transit Co. at the cost of the license. Motion seconded by

Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, and Tinch voting aye; Mayor Garrison voted no.

The City Attorney at this time stated that the City had the power to grant the
franchise.

VEGAS VILLAGE	Commissioner Clark moved that Vegas Village, Inc. be allowed to hook-up to the

SEWER HOOK-UP City sewer at $25.00 per hook-up plus $1.50 per hundred for maintenance. Motion

seconded by. Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote:	

Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.



POLICE DEPT.       At this time another bid having been received from the Review-Journal for
PRINTED FORMS    printed forms for the Police Department the matter was again brought before

the Board. The bids being as follows:

Review-Journal, Las Vegas, Nevada.............$168.20

Service Printers, Las Vegas, Nevada........ 166.95

Charles R. Hadley, Los Angeles, Calif.........181.25

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the bid be awarded to the lowest bidder.

The motion died for want of a second.



CHAMBER OF	A letter was read from the Chamber of Commerce inviting the City to send a

COMMERCE	representative to a meeting called for the purpose of publicising Las Vegas.

PUBLICITY

POLICE FORMS	The Mayor ruled that the Purchasing Agent be directed to award the bid on

the Police forms.

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until April the 5th, 1943
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Tinch and His Honor

voting aye; noes none.