Commissioner Smith moved that the application of Wesley Sinclair to operate a taxi
be granted. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Smith moved that Paul Greve be granted five additional taxi cabs as per his 
application. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Tanner Motor Co., be granted four new taxi licenses. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that Vegas Transit be granted five additional taxi licenses. 
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that A. L. Riddle be granted six additional taxi licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.	



The Mayor stated that the following applications for gaming & liquor could not be considered because 

they were out of the business zone:	Belvedere Garden, H & Harrison, W.S.; Willie Harris at 4th &

Harris; P. L. Jefferson at 320 Jefferson.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration.

RESOLUTION



WHEREAS the United States of America, requires certain easements to construct,
maintain and repair pipes, pipelines, etc, in connection with the disposal of sewage
now under construction in the city of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, such easements concern properties belonging to the city of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, that such easements be granted to the United States
Government, and that the Mayor be authorized to sign said deeds of right of way.

Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the foregoing Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and his Honor, the Mayor, voting aye. Noes, none.

The following Resolution was presented for consideration.

RESOLUTION



WHEREAS, there exists a great necessity and emergency for the securing of cash to meet
the payroll of the City Employees and other current expenses of operating the City Government
under the 1942 budget, pending the collection of the tax levy, 1942, the quarterly installment 

of which will begin December, 1942, and

WHEREAS, the only way this payroll can be met is through an emergency loan:

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners that said city do borrow
the sum of Seventy-five Thousand ($75,000.00) Dollars, (or whatever part thereof the Board
of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas finds necessary or expedient to borrow) at
an interest rate of not to exceed eight per cent (8%) per annum; and do provide in the
subsequent annual budgets for the repayment thereof both principal and interest within the
period of two and one-half years from the date of borrowing said sum; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized
and empowered to make, execute and deliver such promissory note or notes as may be necessary
from time to time to carry into effect this Resolution; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk execute and deliver the necessary certified
copy of this Resolution to be sent to the State Board of Finance

The foregoing Resolution was read aloud and voted on at the recessed regular meeting
of the Board of City Commissioners on the 24th day of August, 1942.

Commissioner Smith moved that said Resolution be adopted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Rubidoux and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and his
Honor, the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.



A letter was read from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company regarding additional land

for the cemetery.



Commissioner Smith made a report regarding the moving of the city barns.



Commissioner Rubidoux made a motion that construction of the barns on West Side be
commenced. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.



A communication signed by Louis Cohen was read calling attention to violation of city ordinance

264. Said letter was referred to the city attorney.

A letter addressed to Mr. C. W. Pipkin, signed by the city clerk, was read and ordered
filed.

Two letters were read regarding the responsibility of lighting at the Airport Administration 
Building.	



A letter signed by H. A. Forgeron, Business Representative Local Union #525, was read 

calling attention to violations of plumbing ordinance on a job being installed north of the
Helldorado grounds.