Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 490 to 499
inclusive in the net sum of $17,224.22 he approved and the
Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Baskin, Clark and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

The Building, Plumbing and Electrical Reports for the month of
July were read, after which Mayor Cragin ordered them filed.

Commissioner Clark moved that the petition to vacate Coolidge
Avenue between South Fourth Street and Charleston Boulevard
be referred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner 

Corradetti.

On motion of Commissioner Clark, duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was
adopted and order made.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of August, 1945 by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 20th day of April,

1945, executed by Murray Wollman and Nate Mack to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the
purposes and intentions therein set forth.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this 

resolution be attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded
in the Office of County Recorder, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

At this time Robert Jones, Esq., appeared before the Board and
entered an oral protest against the adoption of Ordinance No.

301. Mr. Jones appeared on behalf of the Bartender & Culinary
Workers.

Diamond Jack Davis also entered a protest against said ordinance.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the request of the Police 

Department to send Luther Horner and B. J. Handlon to the F. B. I.
Fingerprinting School at Reno, Nevada, at City expense be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Baskin moved that George Rambo be reimbursed in
the sum of $10.20 for expenses incurred while attending a
School of Instruction at Ely, Nevada.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following salary adjustments
for employees of the Fire Department be approved as follows,
and become effective as of August 16, 1945:

Previous	Recommended

Captains	$230.00	$265.00

Drivers	215.00	250.00

Firemen	210.00	240.00

Mechanics	250.00	250.00

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.

Commissioner Clark moved that Claud Sargent, Ordinance Officer,
be granted a raise in salary as of August 16, 1945 at the rate
of $275.00 per month

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark and His Honor 

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Corradetti.



PAYROLL CLAIMS

DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS

VACATION—Coolidge Ave.
Between South 4th &
Charleston Boulevard

QUITCLAIM DEEDS—

Nate Mack & Murray
Wollman

ORDINANCE #301
Objection

POLICE DEPARTMENT—
Fingerprinting School

GEORGE RAMBO—

Reimbursement

SALARY ADJUSTMENT
Fire Department

CLAUD SARGENT
Salary