REPORT:	The report of the Street Superintendent for the first half of January

STREET SUPERINTENDENT  was read and that portion relating to the installation of sidewalk was

held over until the next regular meeting.

TRAILER PARK PROJECT	Commissioner Smith read a letter from M. M. Lewis, Assistant Regional

 Engineer out of Wright L. Felt's office, relative to the trailer park
project and also a telegram from Senator Pat McCarran on the same
matter. These were ordered filed.

GOLF COURSE	 Commissioner Smith read a letter from Ed. W. Clark regarding a bill of

PUMPING SERVICE	 the Connolly Electric Service for pumping at the City Golf Course 

covering the year of 1942 and amounting to $586.50. In this letter Mr. Clark
stated that he would take care of the account for 1942 with the 

understanding that the City would provide for and take care of the account
beginning January 1, 1943. Commissioner Smith made a motion that the
City Clerk be instructed to write to Mr. Clark, thanking him for his public
spirited disposition and generosity on behalf of the City of Las Vegas
and notifying him that the City will take care of the payments beginning
as of January 1, 1943. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and
His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Clark made a motion that this meeting adjourn until February 4, at 7:30 P.M. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye: noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 4, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners, held this
4th day of February, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor,

Mayor Howell C. Garrison at the hour of 7:30 P.M. with the following
members present:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch; City

Attorney, Harry Austin; City Auditor, Mac. Cazier and City Clerk
Helen Scott Reed.

The members of the Board of City Commissioners having been furnished
with copies of the minutes of the last regular meeting of the Board,
Commissioner Clark made a motion that the minutes be approved by refer-
ence. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His

Honor voting aye;  noes none.

WESTERN AIRLINES	 Commissioner Smith made a report relative to the negotiations for an

AGREEMENT	agreement with the Western Air Express for lease of the coffee shop

and lobby of the Airport Administration building and thereafter moved
that the recommendations of the committee, to the effect that the City
is willing to enter into an agreement with them which shall contain
the provisions specified in paragraph A, B and C in a letter dated
February 2, 1943 and signed by Paul E. Sullivan, Secretary-Treasurer
of the Western Airlines, and provided they shall pay a rental of $300.00
per month as specified in their original proposition. Motion seconded
by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS	Commissioner Tinch moved that vouchers 792A to 800-208 inclusive, be

approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and voted upon as follows:
Voting aye - Commissioners Clark and Tinch; voting no - Commissioner
Smith; passed - Commissioner Rubidoux and His Honor, Mayor Howell C.
Garrison.

VOUCHER	Commissioner Smith made a motion that Voucher 792A to 800-208, with the

800-30	exception of Voucher 800-30, covering the salary check of Don Borax, be

DON BORAX	approved. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following

vote; Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting
aye; noes none.

MILK INSPECTION FEES	Commissioner Smith made a motion that the City Clerk write a letter to

the City Attorney requesting him to enforce the City Milk Ordinance
 relative to the collection of milk inspection fees and all other 

ordinances covering the collection of City licenses. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

LIBRARY -	Commissioner Smith read a letter from Cragin & Pike, insurance agents,

ADDITIONAL INSURANCE  stating that insurance on the books at the city library only covered

$2,500 worth of books and that at the present time there are actually
$5,000 worth of books and the insurance should be increased accordingly.
Thereafter, Commissioner Smith made a motion that the additional
insurance be taken out to cover the increased number of books. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.