Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti voting aye; Commissioner
Smith voting no.

LIQUOR LICENSES	     Commissioner Smith moved that the application of

DENIED	Mrs. Katie Potter for retail liquor and retail

beverage license at 727 South 5th Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote: Commissioner Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and Smith voting aye; His Honor voting
no.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application of
Gus Klein for retail liquor license at the Thrifty
Market at South Main and Charleston be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and Smith voting aye; His Honor voting no.

LIQUOR LICENSE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the application of

GRANTED	F. J. Brady for retail liquor license at the B. & B.

Supermarket at 818 South 5th be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

and His Honor voting aye; Commissioners Corradetti
and Smith voting no.

GAMING LICENSE	    Commissioner Smith moved that the application of

P. O. Silvagni for one craps, one roulette, and one
"21" game at the Players Club, 128 East Fremont,
be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and lost by
the following vote; Commissioners Smith and His
Honor voting aye; Commissioners Bates, Clark,
Corradetti voting no.

 

GAMING LICENSE DENIED         Commissioner Bates moved that the application of

Roscoe W. Thomas for one "21", 1 craps and one
roulette at Las Vegas Pool Hall, 125 Fremont, be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti voting aye; Commissioner Smith and His
Honor voting no.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.