 SWISS VILLAGE CABARET
APPLICATION

BIDS - Garbage
Truck Bodies

SWIMMING POOL

 BIDS AWARDED
Stanley Runyan
Swimming Pool

  SUBDIVISION
Mapping Procedure

FIRE DEPT.

Purchase of Hose

COTTON CLUB

(Bar & Casino)	500	Jackson St.	James Colbert	1	poker

GOLDEN NUGGET	2nd	& Fremont	M. B. Abrams	1	slot

FARMERS DAUGHTER CAFE	1416 W. Bonanza	L. M. Wilson	1	slot

COFFEE CUP CAFE	127	S. 2nd St.	Jack Weisberger	2	slots

ROUND UP

(Bar & Gaming)	501	Jackson	A. Kroloff	2	slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the application of Wilma
Wolfinger for a retail cabaret liquor license at the Swiss
Village, 118 No. 5th Street be tabled until the regular
meeting of November 7.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and

Clark.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the sale
of two Garbage Truck Bodies, owned by the City. Only one bid
was received from C. N. Hallan, Boulder City, Nevada. The
bid on the large truck body being in the sum of $10.00 and the
bid on the next size truck body the sum of $800.00. Thereafter,
Commissioner Baskin moved the bid be referred to the Comptroller
for computation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that certain motion heretofore made
on September 21, 1946, rejecting the bid of Stanley Runyan for
the erection of two swimming pools in the City of Las Vegas at
a cost of $139,688.00 be with-drawn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the bid of Stanley Runyan 

submitted to this Board, September 21, 1946 for the erection of two
swimming pools be accepted at a cost not to exceed $139,688.00
and the City Manager be authorized to negotiate a contract with
Mr. Runyan, and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign said
contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the Recommendation of Planning
Commission dated October 4, 1946 relative to Subdivisions-Mapping
Procedure be disapproved as submitted and that Planning 

Commission be advised that the Board of Commissioners recommends that
the procedure be redrafted to provide

A.	That membership of the Subdivision Committee be
restricted to duly appointed members of the Planning
Board.

B.	That section 2 be revised to provide for the 

transmittal of four (4) copies of each tentative 

subdivision map to the City Manager, together with at
least 2 copies of the topographical studies and two
copies of the Planning Commission recommendations.

C.	That section 3 be revised to eliminate any requirement
that Administrative offices or personnel be required
to report to the Planning Commission.

D.	That all recommendations of the Planning Commission
submitted to the City Manager be detailed on each of
the following:

a.	Land use

b.	Streets and alleys

c.	Sidewalks

d.	Drainage

e.	Utilities and Fire Protection

f.	Grading and Landscaping

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried for the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Bates and Clark.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the purchasing procedure be
waived re: Purchase of Fire Hose, and approve the action of the
City Manager on placing an order for 2000 ft of 2½" hose @

$1.56 per foot. and 1000 ft of l½" hose @ 1.08 per foot.

Because of the fact that the ceiling price on hose was increased