ARTICLE VII - FINANCES

SECTION 1. Budget. Not less than thirty days prior to the first day of January
of each year, the Executive Secretary shall cause to be prepared a detailed budget
setting forth the estimated revenues and expenditures for the ensuing fiscal year
and shall submit such budget to the Board of Directors for its consideration end 

approval.

SECTION 2. Limitation of Expenditures. The Board of Directors shall not incur
indebtedness in excess of the estimated or actual revenues for the ensuing fiscal year.

SECTION 3. Annual Audit. There shall be an annual audit of the accounts of the
League by a certified public accountant prior to the Annual Conference.

ARTICLE VIII

SECTION 1. Dues. The annual dues for Member Cities and the annual service
charge for Registered Cities of the League shall be fixed annually by the Board
of Directors at the time of the adoption of the budget and shall be calculated and
expressed as a percent of the total estimated disbursements of each city as shown
by the budget of each City for the fiscal year immediately preceding the budget
year. Dues shall be payable on or before the first day of April of each year but
may be paid in equal monthly or quarterly instalments.

ARTICLE IX - QUALIFICATIONS TO HOLD OFFICE

SECTION 1. Excepting the office of Executive Secretary, no person shall be
eligible to hold office in the League or any department thereof, unless he is 

officially in municipal service at the time of his election or appointment. In case
he should leave and remain out of public service during his term for a period of
three (3) months or more, his office in the League shall be deemed vacant.

ARTICLE X - VOTING

SECTION 1. Except where otherwise provided, all votings in meetings of the
entire body shall be viva voce, unless a roll call is demanded by the representatives
of three or more cities, in which case the representatives of each Member and
Registered City in good standing shall cast collectively one vote. A majority of
the votes cast shall be necessary for a decision.

ARTICLE XI - COMMITTEES

SECTION 1. Resolutions. On the first day of each annual conference the President
shall appoint a Committee on Resolutions, which committee shall consist of not less
than five (5) city officials in attendance at the conference, preferably officials
who are familiar with the objects of the League and its history.

Except resolutions of courtesy, commendation or condolence, no resolution 

expressing the opinion or policy of the League on any question shall be considered or
discussed by the conference, unless it has been first submitted to and reported on
by said Committee on Resolutions; and no resolution shall be considered or adopted
unless it has some direct relation to municipal affairs.

The Committee on Resolutions shall report from time to time, during the 

conference on the various resolutions presented, and as soon as possible after their
submission. No resolutions shall ever be adopted until an opportunity has been
afforded for full and free debate thereon.

SECTION 2. Credentials. It shall be the duty of the President on the first day
of the Annual Conference, to appoint a Credentials Committee of three (3). In case
of dispute it shall be the duty of this committee to determine the right of a member
to vote.

ARTICLE XII - MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 1. Seal. The Board of Directors shall provide a suitable seal for
the League which shall be in circular form and which shall contain the following
inscription:

"The LEAGUE OF NEVADA CITIES, INC. JULY 31, 1944,

NEVADA".

SECTION 2. Governing Rules. Subject to the provisions of these by-laws,

Robert's Rules of Orders shall prevail at all meetings of the League, the Board of
Directors and in all departments.

ARTICLE XIII - AMENDMENTS

SECTION 1. This constitution may be amended at any annuel conference of the
League by a two-thirds vote, provided the proposed amendment shall have first been
prepared in writing and submitted to the Board of Directors on or before the first
day of the conference; such amendment shall go into effect immediately. If, within
sixty (60) days after the adoption of any amendment, one-third or more of the
Members of Registered Cities protest against such amendment, it shall automatically
be suspended until the next annual conference, when it may be taken up again for
reconsideration end vote as in the first instance. This constitution shall go
into effect immediately upon adoption.

ARTICLE XIV - ADOPTION OF BY-LAWS

SECTION 1. These by-laws may be adopted by the legislative body of any City
in the State of Nevada by passage of an appropriate resolution and by the filing
of a duly certified copy of such resolution with the Secretary of the League.