the Christmas holidays. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and 

carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Smith, Rubidoux, Tinch
and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

HARVEY C.	Commissioner Rubidoux moved that the motion heretofore made as of October

DICKERSON       the 5th, 1942 and appearing in Book 5, Page 14, Paragraph 4, appointing

Harvey C. Dickerson as acting City Attorney during Mr. Ralli's absence,
beginning as of October 15, 1942 be rescinded. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

Thereafter Mr. Dickerson thanked Mr. Rubidoux for his motion, and 

submitted his resignation to the Board.

HUNTRIDGE	Mr. Tom Oakie and Mr. Eisenmann appeared before the Board at this time,

DEVELOPMENT CO.	requesting the approval of the Board on Tract No. 5. And requested the

Tract No. 5    permission to use the land deeded to the City as a par  to store their

material on, while under construction. Thereafter Commissioner Tinch
moved that they be granted permission to use the land during 

construction. Afterward that the City would plant and maintain the park. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Mayor and the City Clerk be authorized to sign said plat on

Huntridge No. 5, when the approval of the Planning Board and the City Engineer have been 

obtained. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LIBRARY	Commissioner Smith	made a motion that a investigation	be made into the

Cabinet	matter of having a	cabinet built, as requested by the	Library Board for

the City Library, as whether to let bid or to purchase one, in case it
would be impractical to have one built. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Tinch, and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,
Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

HARRY H.	AUSTIN	Commissioner Smith	moved to accept, approve and adopt	the negotiations

City Attorney	between Mr. Austin	and the City, appointing him as Acting City Attorney,

  as of 10:45 P.M. this date. And that he be paid Mr. Ralli's salary. 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners, Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

GLADYS M. LLOYD	Commissioner Tinch moved that Gladys M. Lloyd be hired as Deputy City

Deputy Clerk	Clerk, as of the 8th of December, 1942, at a salary of $140.00 a month.

 Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the following vote.
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

Commissioner Smith moved that this meeting recess until Tuesday the 22nd, at 2:30 P.M. Motion
seconded by  Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
DECEMBER 22, 1942

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 22nd day of
December, 1943. Meeting called to order by his Honor Mayor Howell C. Garrison at the hour
of 2:30 P.M., with the following members present:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and Deputy City attorney, Harry H. Austin. City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

AUDITOR-PURCHASING	Commissioner Smith stated that he had on the recommendations placed

AGENT -	before the Board which will be placed in the files with reference to the

M. Cazier hired   qualifications of Mr. George W. F. Johnson upon investigation by Mr. George

Wood, CPA, of Pasadena, California, recommend him for the position of city
Auditor-purchasing agent. (Quote) "I notified My. Johnson of this 

recommendation and he stated that it was necessary to be released from the 

corporation of which he is manager, by the Board of Directors. Since that 

time, by phone through the office of the city clerk, he withdrew his name as 

an applicant to fill the position. As a result I respectfully recommend the 

employment of M. Cazier to fill the office of auditor-purchasing agent for the 

city of Las Vegas under the terms and conditions set forth in written 

recommendations relative to Mr. Johnson, said appointment to become effective as
of January 1st, 1943 at the hour of 12:01 A.M. Motion seconded by Commissioner 
Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

TIRE BID	Several bids were sent out for tires but only one was returned. Commissioner

  Tinch moved that the bid of Ted Warner for four tires at $41.18 each and
four tubes at $5.53 each be accepted. Motion seconded by Commissioner
Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux,

Smith, Tinch and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.