4)	Acquire and eliminate block 22 South Addition.

Vacate Coolidge Street
Adjust 4th Street to Charleston

5)	Acquire additional right-of-way - Northeast and Southwest corner at 5th Street for

sight distance.

6)	Acquire and eliminate block "C" - Wardie Addition

Close Gass Street

Adjust 9th Street to Charleston



     7) Acquire block 28 - Pioneer Heights Addition	

Close Garcies

Adjust 11th Street to Charleston

8)	Maryland Parkway - Adjust to Charleston for intersection and alignment.

9)	Vacate 13th Street - Bonneville to Charleston

10)	Acquire 14th Street and adjust to Charleston - South to Clark Street through Levy

property.	

11)	Acquire 15th Street and adjust to Charleston - South of Clark Street through

Levy property (include portion of Clark Street west of 15th Street in Levy property)

12)	Acquire ultimate right-of-way with Bruce Street (as previously recommended).

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

ZAUGG -	  Commissioner Smith moved that the recommendation of the Planning Board regarding

SUBDIVISION	the attempt of Mr. Zaugg to subdivide his property on Westside in violation

of the Subdivision Laws of the State of Nevada, be referred to the City
Attorney with instructions to take legal action. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes,
none.

BLACK CAT INN   Commissioner Smith moved that the claim of Lee Hughes for $16.00 covering
REFUND GAMING   deposit on application for slot machine license, which at a previous meeting
APPLICATION	was denied, be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried

by the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his
Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

JOE LA DUE	 	Commissioner Clark moved that the claim of Joe La Due for $517.50 covering

REFUND	 	deposit on gaming and liquor applications which were heretofore denied,	 

be allowed. Motion seconded by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the
following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

BILL'S LUNCH  	Commissioner Coradetti moved that the application of Otto H. Hillman for

3eer License  	a beer license at Bill's Lunch at 217 N. Main Street be granted. Motion

seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. 

Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

NAVY MOTHER'S	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the request of the Norman Ready Chapter

CLUB	 	No. 392 of the Navy Mothers Club of America, Inc., for the use of the War

Memorial Hall for a charity bazaar and ball on October 27th, 1943 be granted.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

VACATIONS	 	Commissioner Coradetti moved that vacations of a two week period be granted

John Williams	the following men with pay:

O. J. Morling

C. C. Sargent	John Williams, beginning September 20th	 

O. J. Morling, Beginning October 1st.

C. C. Sargent, beginning September 13th

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,
Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

HUNTRIDGE SUB-	Commissioner Clark moved that the City of Las Vegas having heretofore

DIVISION PARK	 	accepted a deed from the Realty Development Corporation, bearing date

LANDSCAPE	 	November, 16th, 1942, to the park area in Huntridge Subdivision, hereby

agree to suitably improve and landscape said park area; said work to be	 

started and completed in a reasonable length of time after materials, labor and money become
available. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote. Commissioners
Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

LITTLE THEATER   Commissioner Clark moved that the request of the Little Theater group for

permission to use the War Memorial Hall for rehearsals be denied and the
City Clerk be instructed to inform them that the Hall is in use most of the time. Motion
seconded by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by the following vote. Commissioners Clark,

Coradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye. Noes, none.	 

STREET DEPARTMENT	Commissioner Clark moved that the city purchase a complete set of precision

TOOLS PURCHASED	tools and hand wrenches as recommended by the purshasing agent for the sum

of $75.00. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the 

following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.

DR. BERNKRANT   Commissioner Smith moved that the request of Drs. Smith and Bernkrant for
VETERANARIAN	permission to keep his dog and cat hospital at its present location on

North 14th Street be denied and the City Attorney instructed to take action
against them to vacate said premises. Motion seconded by Commissioner Coradetti and carried by
the following vote. Commissioners Clark, Coradetti, Smith and his Honor voting aye. Noes, none.