Las Vegas, Nevada
March 7, 1945

The regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held this 7th day of March, 1945. Meeting called to
order by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of
2:40 P.M., with the following members present:

Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and Smith,

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., and Deputy City Clerk
Shirley Dimock.

Commissioner Smith moved that the minutes of February
28th and March 1st be approved by reference.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS -	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll claim numbers 339

to 347 inclusive in the sum of $15,842.19 be approved
and that the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to sign
them.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by
the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WARRANTS -	Commissioner Smith moved that service and material warrants

numbers 347 to 353 inclusive in the amount of $34,614.80
be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
sign them.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

FILE DEPARTMENTAL REPORTS - The City Clerk was ordered to file the Report to the City

Commissioner of the Generalized Activities of Municipal
Departments for the month of February, 1945.

REPORT OF CLARK COUNTY	It was ordered that the report of the Clark County 

GENERAL HOSPITAL -	General Hospital be filed with the City Manager.

FIRE STATION CHANGE	Commissioner Clark moved that approval be granted to use

ORDER -	red clay tile on the porch floors of the fire stations

instead of flagstone at no extra cost.

The motions was seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

EDDIE DILLON REQUEST	Commissioner Smith moved that the request of Eddie Dillon

DENIED -	to rent the CCC Building be denied.

Motion was seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried
by the following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,
Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.



PROTEST BUNKER-BURT	Commissioner Clark moved that the protest against the

MORTUARY LOCATION 	building of a mortuary at the corner of Fifth and Stewart

Streets be referred to the Planning Commission for 

investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SLUDGE DISINTEGRATOR -	Commissioner Bates moved that approval be granted for the

purchase of a sludge disintegrator at $625.00 F.O.B.

Las Vegas, Nevada, from the Clark County Wholesale 

Mercantile Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WET GARBAGE CONTRACT -	Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be directed

to notify Mr. Stewart, whose contract with the City has
terminated for the purchase of wet garbage, that the City
Will continue to deliver wet garbage to him on a month to
month basis until further notice.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.