

RADIO HOOKUP
GAMING APPLICATION

ESQUIRE LOUNGE INC.
Gaming & Liquor
Application

FRONTIER CLUB

VACATION -- Old L.A.
Highway

Commissioner Clark moved that the City approve joint radio
hookup with the County and instruct the City Manager to 

negotiate with the County.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote; Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the following gaming 

applications be granted:

Cork 'N Bottle	508 Fremont St.	Eddie Van Tassell	3 slots

Fifth Street Liquor

Store	727 So. 5th St.	Gordon Potter	1 slot

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The application of Sam Stearns for one roulette table at
113 North 1st Street was ordered tabled.

Commissioner Bates moved that the application of Louis Mack
of the Esquire Lounge Inc., 120 So. 2nd Street for 4 slot
machines be granted; and the application of Louis Mack for
a retail tavern liquor license at 120 South 2nd Street for
the 4th quarter of 1945 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the application of J.W. Shaw
for one Black Jack game at the Frontier Club, 117 Fremont
Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the
following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Bates, Clark, 

Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time set for the hearing of a petition for
the vacation of a certain portion of the Old Los Angeles
Highway (commonly known as the Mormon Trail), Commissioner
Bates moved that the following order be made:

ORDER VACATING PORTION OF HIGHWAY

A Petition, dated September 13, 1945, signed by Henry Leigh-Hunt, acting for six
(6) free-holders residing in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of
this board, petitioning for the vacation of that portion of the Old Los Angeles 

Highway (commonly known as the Mormon Trail) as the same now exists within the City Limits,
in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada; and said vacation being in accordance
with the recommendations of the Las Vegas-Clark County Planning Commission as set forth
in said Planning Commission's reports dated May 22nd, 1945 and August 21st, 1945,
which reports outline the tentative plan of Petitioner's Subdivision of South Fifth
Street Tract No. 1, and in accordance with said Petitioners' revised tentative map of
said proposed sub-division, as approved by said Planning Commission August 17, 1945, and
on file In the Office of the City Engineer; that said report of the Joint Planning
Commission, dated August 21, 1945, with reference to said vacation reads as follows:

"It is called to your attention at this time that this
planning requires the re-alignment of the Old Los Angeles
Highway. Such re-alignment will be much more desirable
to our Street and Highway Plan, and has received the approval of
the State Highway Department who are also concerned with the
improvement of this road as a secondary highway. This 

realignment of the Old Los Angeles Highway will require in the final
instance, recognition that a portion of the old Los Angeles
Highway is being vacated."

And this Board by an Order adopted at its meeting held on the 22nd day of 

September, 1945, set the 7th day of November, 1945, at the hour of 2/30 p.m., at the
Commissioner's Room of the Board of Commissioners in the war Memorial Building,
located at the northwest corner of Fifth and Stewart Streets, Las Vegas, Nevada, as
the time and place for public hearing on said Petition and recommendation, and ordered
the City Clerk to cause notice of said hearing to be posted as in said Order provided,
which notice was set forth the extent of the proposed vacation.

And it appearing from the Affidavit of Claud C. Sargent filed with the Clerk of
this Board, that the Notice provided for in said Order, a copy of which is attached to
said Affidavit, was posted on the 26th day of September, 1945, In the manner prescribed
by said Order.

And this being the time fixed for the hearing of said Petition for vacation and
recommendation thereof, and this Board having heard evidence In support of said 

recommendation and Petition for vacation and being satisfied that the public will not
be materially injured by such proposed vacation;