BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that that portion of Block 14, Valley View
Addition as shown on Page 50, Book 1 of Plats in the office of the Recorder,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, which is not occupied by the U.S.O.
Building, and all of that portion of the City Park lying North of Mesquite
Avenue, East of Second Street, West of 5th Street and South of the Biltmore
Annex #2 be and is hereby set aside for the construction of the proposed
recreational facilities.

Dates this 22nd day of May, 1944.

ATTEST:

(signed) Helen Scott Reed     

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.	 

BUILDING AND POLICE   Mayor Cragin ordered the report of the Buildings Inspector and the Police
REPORTS	Department be filed.

STREET DEPARTMENT	Bids from the following companies for liquid asphalt were presented to

BIDS ON ASPHALT	the Board for their consideration.

Richfield Oil Co. 610 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada. $10.90 per
ton F.O.B. refinery at Watson, California. Freight rate from Watson,

California to Las Vegas - $.27 cwt.

Associated Oil Co. 800 South Main, Las Vegas, Nevada. No Bid.

Cardinal and Pisetta 810 South Main Street, Las Vegas, Nevada. $16.30
per ton, F.O.B. Las Vegas.

Standard Oil Company 400 South Main, Las Vegas, Nevada. $l0.90 per ton
F.O.B. El Segundo, California. $5.40 per ton freight.

Union Oil Co. Main and Stewart, Las Vegas, Nevada. $10.90 per ton. Freight
rates from Wilmington, California to Las Vegas, Nevada $5.40 per ton.

Commissioner Bates moved that all bids being equal the City Manager be
authorized to purchase liquid asphalt in carload lots from each of the bidders
as he deems advisable in an equitable manner as possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

ORDINANCE NO. 291	    Commissioner Bates and Corradetti have reported favorably on the proposed

PROPOSED SIDEWALK	sidewalk ordinance #291. The Clerk was directed to read it for the first

time. Thereafter Commissioner Smith moved that an Ordinance entitled"An
ordinance to provide for construction of new sidewalks, repair of sidewalks
in disrepair, assessment against property owners failing to install new
sidewalks, or repair sidewalks in disrepair, and provide for filing and
recording of lien against real property and foreclosure of the same for
expenditures in repair, or construction of sidewalk when the same is performed
by the City of Las Vegas." be approved on its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

H. F. HENDRICKSON        Commissioner Bates moved that the City of Las Vegas accept the change order
COMPANY - CHANGE ORDER    as submitted by H. F. Hendrickson Company for construction at the disposal

plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time,

Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until June 7th at the
hour of 2:00 P. M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.