PIONEER CONSTRUCTION	The following resolution was

	

COMPANY	presented to the Board of City

Commissioners:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the proposals received for the construction of two
fire stations (Central Fire Station and Subwire Station) at Las
Vegas, Nevada, FWA Project Nev. 26-130-N, have been duly opened,
read and compared, and

WHEREAS, it appears that Ira Goldring, doing business as the
Pioneer Construction Company, is the low bidder in the amount of
$56,916.00 based upon his low base bid of $58,616.00 less alternates
1 and 2 as set forth on the construction bid of said project in the
sum of $1,700.00;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the contract for the 

construction of said work be and the same is hereby awarded to Ira
Goldring, doing business as the Pioneer Construction Company, for	

the Items and Amounts above stated.		

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED That E. W. Cragin and Helen Scott Reed,

Mayor and City Clerk respectively, of the City of Las Vegas, be and
they are hereby authorized to execute such contract and any other
documents, agreements or instrument in connection therewith for and
on behalf of said City of Las Vegas.

This award is tentative and may be cancelled or rescinded at any
time prior to notification by Helen Scott Reed to the contemplated
awardee that the award is final.		 

CITY OF LAS VEGAS

E. W. Cragin
Mayor

ATTEST:

____Helen Scott Reed

City Clerk

Commissioner Smith moved that the
foregoing resolution be approved
by the Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates
and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that the application
of Jake Ensley for a retail tavern liquor license
at 1315 Jackson be denied for the reason that it is
outside the zone.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Smith moved that the application for
a retail liquor license for Moe Taub at 500 Jackson
Street, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes, commissioner
Corradetti.

Commissioner Smith moved that the foregoing motion
be amended to the effect that the license be granted
when the building wherein the liquor is to be sold
is brought up to building requirements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

LIQUOR LICENSE
DEW DROP INN

LIQUOR APPLICATION
OF MOE TAUB

Commissioner Smith moved that the application or
P. O. Silvagni for a gaming license at 126-128 
Fremont, The Player's Club, be granted.

The following is to be included in the
minutes of the November 22nd meeting*****

GAMING APPLICATION