RECREATION BUS   A letter was read from the Las Vegas Recreation Department relative to the

INSURANCE	insurance on the bus in the custody of the Boy Scout organization and the matter

was referred to the City Attorney to make a report as to whose liability it is
to keep this insurance up.

FIRE DEPARTMENT  	Commissioner Tinch moved that the Purchasing Agent be instructed to purchase a

TYPEWRITER	 	typewriter for the Fire Department. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith

and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and

the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes none.

SUB FIRE STATION   Commissioner Rubidoux moved that Mr. Fleming be hired to draw plans for a sub

fire station to be erected on property owned by the City on Charleston Boulevard
and the Purchasing Agent be instructed to negotiate with Mr. Fleming as to
terms and cost of said plans. Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro

tem voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this time Comm-
issioner Tinch moved that the meeting adjourn until the 4th day of May, 1943.
Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and the Mayor pro tem voting aye; noes
none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 4, 1943

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held this 4th day of
May, 1943. Meeting called to order by His Honor, Mayor Howell C. Garrison,
at the hour of 7:35 P.M. with the following members present:	Commissioners

Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch; City Attorney, Harry H. Austin; and Deputy
City Clerk, Ruth Spaulding.

The members of the Board of City Commissioners having been furnished with
copies of the minutes of the last regular meeting of the Board, Commissioner
Smith moved that the minutes be approved by reference. Motion seconded by
Commissioner Clark and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark,

Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

VOUCHERS  	Commissioner Clark moved that vouchers 1068 to 1353, inclusive, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

WAR HOUSING  	Commissioner Clark moved that the City give permission to the War Housing

AUTHORITY  	Authority to operate within the City and that the same committee serve in the

City that is now serving the County. Motion seconded by Commissioner Tinch
and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith,

Tinch and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Commissioner Tinch moved that this meeting recess until May 5, 1943 at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. because of the fact that City elections are being held this
day. Motion seconded by Commissioner Rubidoux and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Clark, Rubidoux, Smith, Tinch and His Honor voting aye;

noes none.