Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting

aye; noes none.

CHARLESTON BLVD.   Commissioner Smith moved that because of the increased traffic on
RIGHT OF WAY	Charleston Boulevard and the further fact that the Railroad Company

contemplates future construction of rail lines over Charleston
Boulevard, it is ordered that the Mayor and the City Clerk be
authorized to contact Congressional Members, asking their support
in getting grade separation between the Union Pacific Railroad and
Charleston Boulevard immediately. Motion was seconded by Commissioner
Corradetti and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bates,
Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none,

GAMING AND LIQUOR   Commissioner Bates moved that no applications for new gambling or
APPLICATIONS -   Liquor establishments will be considered by this Board for the
NEW	duration of the war and six months thereafter, effective as of

12:00 noon this date.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His
Honor voting aye; noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this
time, Commissioner Bates moved that this meeting adjourn until
10:00 A.M., Tuesday morning, October 19. Motion seconded by 

Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 19, 1943

 At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners,
held this 19th day of October, 1943, the meeting was called to order
by His Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin, at the hour of 10:30 A. M., with the
following members present:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and Smith,

City Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr., and City Clerk, Helen Scott Reed.

Absent: Auditor, Mac Cazier and Commissioner Clark.

 Reading of the Minutes of the previous meeting were waived until the
  next regular meeting, to be held November 2, 1943.

FIRE STATION	Commissioner Corradetti moved that a notice be run in the Newspaper,

SKETCHES	  requesting all interested architects to submit tentative sketches of

the proposed fire station for the City of Las Vegas, that information
of the proposed fire station may be obtained at the City Engineer's
Office.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes
none.

WAR MEMORIAL	 	Commissioner Smith moved that the request of the United States Postal

BUILDING	 	Department for use of the War Memorial Building, December 15th to

U.S.POST OFFICE December 31st, inclusive, as a parcel post depot, be granted, at a

rental of $10.00 per day.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti, smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes none.

TAXI CABS -	 Commissioner Bates moved that the motion heretofore made by himself on

MOTION RESCINDED   October 16, 1943, regulating the use and operation of taxi cabs be, and

the same is, hereby repealed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bates, Smith Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes none.