 BIDS

BIDS

ALIGNMENT OF MAIN

STREET

RESOLUTION - MAIN STREET

& Bonanza Road

MINUTES

At this time bids for the ornamental lighting for the
Biltmore Tract were received and opened from the following
firms:

General Electric Supply Corporation 700 Turner St. Los Angeles, Calif.

$5,501.07

Westinghouse	902	E. 2nd St.	Los	Angeles, Calif.

$7,645.17

Standard Wholesale Supply Co.	700	So. Main	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

$6,317.60

Vance Electric Company	Box	1085	Las	Vegas,	Nevada

$8,351.85

Line Material Company	740	No. 2nd St.	Milwaukee,	Wis.

$6,268.39

The bids were referred to the Comptroller for computation.

Bids having heretofore been let for the sale of garbage
trucks to be opened as of this date. There were no bids
received.

Commissioner Baskin moved that the City Manager be instructed
to negotiate with the Railroad Company for a deed to the
City of a 20 foot strip of land on the West side of Main
Street between Carson and Stewart, 12 feet of which is to be
improved by the City and 8 feet by the State Highway. And
further that the City will guarantee to install a five foot
sidewalk along said strip.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bates.

The following resolution was presented to the Board for
their consideration:

RESOLUTION

BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA

WHEREAS the State of Nevada proposes that a portion of the highway funds which
it is to receive under the terms of the Federal-Aid Highway Act of 1944 from the United
States Government, shall be allotted to the reconstruction and improvement of certain
streets within the limits of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and such improvements shall be
effected at the earliest possible date; and

WHEREAS, detailed plans for the design of the improvement of North Main Street
from the north curb line of Carson Street, projected, to Bonanza Road and for an improved
intersection at the junction of Bonanza Road with North Main Street, for the improvement
and construction of Bonanza Road from said intersection to a new intersection with North
Fifth Street, of the latter intersection, and of a contemplated intersection with Second
Street when the same is opened and constructed, have been prepared by the Department of
Highways of the State of Nevada and drawings showing such designs have been presented
to this Board of Commissioners for consideration, approval and adoption; and

WHEREAS, the proposed designs for said street and highway improvements as shown
on the State Highway Department drawings, consisting of seven sheets, attached hereto,
are recognized as making provision for a highly desirable civic betterment within and
for the benefit of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; now, therefore, be it

RESOLVED, that this Board of Commissioners approve and it hereby does approve
and adopt the proposed alignment of the aforesaid suggested improvements; does approve
and adopt the proposed typical sections designed for the aforesaid suggested improvements,
and does approve and adopt the design of the three intersections proposed; all as shown
on the aforesaid drawings attached hereto and made a part hereof by reference; and be it
further

RESOLVED, that the State of Nevada through its Department of Highways is hereby
urged to make the contemplated improvements to the above designated city streets according
to the aforesaid design and that thereafter said City of Las Vegas shall not permit said
streets to be abandoned, closed, altered nor intersected until the approval thereof by
the State Highway Department is first had and obtained.

On motion of Commissioner Corradetti, seconded by Commissioner Baskin, the
foregoing Resolution was passed and adopted this 22nd day of August, 1946.

Commissioner Clark moved that the minutes of August 7, 1946
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk
Authorized to sign same.

 

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and

His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.