Helen Scott Reed be and she is hereby declared to
be the duly elected City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas for the ensuing four years and it was 

further resolved that the City Clerk be, and she is
hereby directed to issue a certificate of election
to said Helen Scott Reed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the proposed Bond
Election submitted to the voters on May 8th, 1945
be declared carried in recognition of the will of
qualified voters casting a majority vote therefor.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Clark and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioner Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Thereafter there being no further business to come
before this meeting Commissioner Smith moved that
the meeting adjourn until 2 P.M. on May 22nd, 1945.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 22, 1945

At a regular meeting of the Board of City 

Commissioners held this 22nd day of May, 1945. Meeting
called to order at the hour of 2:45 P.M. by His
Honor, Mayor E. W. Cragin with the following members
present:	Commissioners Bates, Clark, Corradetti,

Smith; City Manager Charles C. McCall; City 

Attorney, Louis Wiener, Jr.; and City Clerk Helen Scott
Reed.

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of April
21, May 7, May 9, and May 11, be approved by 

reference and the Mayor and City Clerk be authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Smith and carried
by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Clark,

Corradetti, Smith, and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

PAYROLL CLAIMS	Commissioner Smith moved that Payroll Claims #407

to #410 inc. and #422 to #425 inc., in the net sum
of $14,705.99 be approved and the Mayor and the City
Clerk be authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote; Commissioners Bates
Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

SERVICE & MATERIAL	Commissioner Smith moved that Service and Material

CLAIMS	Claims 425-427 inc. in the sum of $11,463.72 be

approved and the Mayor and City Clerk be 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and
carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bates,

Clark, Corradetti, Smith and His Honor voting aye;

	noes, none.

BIDS - Fire Hose	Bids for 1,000 feet of 2½ inch fire hose, with

couplings, paragon or equal, and 1,000 feet of 1½
inch fire hose, with couplings, paragon or equal,
were opened from the following firms: