Commissioner Clark moved that payroll claims Nos. 627 to 634 inclusive in
the net sum of $12,230.00 be approved and the Mayor, City Clerk, and 

Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 626 and
635 to 637 inclusive in the sum of $4,185.63 be approved and the Mayor,
City Clerk and Comptroller authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting
aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the agreement with Mr. Michelas for
furnishing water for the South Meadows Park, ie, "The Plaza" be 

approved and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that that certain motion made December 7,

1945, re: "Vacation of Alley in Block 14, Valley View Addition,"
be rescinded and the City Clerk ordered to post notice of intention
to vacate and set hearing for February 7, 1946 at the hour of 2:30
P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that that certain petition filed by three
property owners requesting the vacation of certain alleys in that
part of Block 2 of Mea dows Addition lying west of Highway 91 be
referred to the Planning Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and Carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti, and His

Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On Motion of Commissioner Clark and duly seconded by Commissioner
Baskin and carried unanimously, the following resolution was 

adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

BE IT RESOLVED, this 22nd day of December, 1945 by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Has Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed dated the 15th day
of November, 1945 executed by E. E. Strong to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada and that the real property described therein be and is hereby accepted for the
purpose and intentions as therein set forth.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached to said deed
and that the same be recorded in the office of County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City allow an expenditure of not
to exceed Fifty Dollars for the purpose of hooking up the sewer for
Mr. Strong.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bates moved that the City grant Mr. Neeley a lease for
the 40 acres he requests if he will release 125 acres to the City as
agreed upon. Further that if said agreement is made that the old
lease be cancelled and a new lease drawn up thereby releasing M.E.

Leavitt from original lease.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.



WES NEELEY LEASE

 PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

AGREEMENT -

Water for "THE PLAZA"



RESCIND MOTION —

Re:	Block 14,

Valley View Addn.



PETITION TO VACATE--
Meadows Addition



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED