HUNTRIDGE SUB-DIVISION
Petition for Sidewalk 
Installation



SERVICE & MATERIAL
CLAIM #991-01

MINUTES

PAYROLL CLAIMS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

SALE OF OLD FIRE
STATION SITE

PARK IMPROVEMENT—
Grand Stand Removal

Las Vegas, Nevada
December 21, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held this 21st
day of December, 1946. Meeting called to order by His Honor Mayor
E. W. Cragin at the hour of 10 a.m. with the following members 

present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti; City Manager

T. E. Fennessy; City Clerk Helen Scott Reed. Absent:	City Attorney

C. Norman Cornwall.

Commissioner Clark moved that the Minutes of December 7 and 9 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to
 sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote; Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor
voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Payroll Claims No.s 992-1000 inclusive
in the net sum of $18,772.56 be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
 vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

  voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 1001-
1005 inclusive in the sum of $12,320.00 be approved and the Mayor
and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the bid of P. O. Silvagni in the sum
of $18,000.00 for the purchase of the following described lands be
accepted:

Lot 23, Block 15 of Clark’s Las Vegas Town site, as per
map thereof on file In the office of County Recorder of
Clark County, Nevada

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
 vote:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

  voting aye noes, none.

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be instructed to take
the necessary steps to remove the grand stand in the City Park for
the purpose of making improvement® in the Park area.

 Commissioner Clark moved that that certain petition signed by 

property owners in Huntridge Sub-Divison requesting installation of
sidewalks be referred to the Planning Commission for 

recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Service & Material Claims No.
991-01 in the sum of $650.00 for the purchase of two motorcycles
from West Brothers be approved and the Mayor and City Clerk 

authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the following
vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.

There being no further business to come before the meeting at this
time Commissioner Clark moved that this meeting adjourn until 

December 21 at the hour of 10 a.m.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Clark, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bates.