MONTHLY RATES - REFUSE COLLECTION
Commercial and Industrial Estab.

CLASS_________CONT. *	_____DAILY SERVICE       INCL. SUNDAY_____WEEKLY

A	1	5.00	6.00	1.00

B	2	7.50	9.00	1.50

C	4	10.00	12.00

D	6	12.50	15.00

E	8	15.00	18.00

F	10	17.50	21.00

G	12	20.00	24.00

H	14	22.50	27.00

I	16	25.00	30.00

J	18	27.50	33.00

K	20	30.00	36.00

*- Containers - number allowed

25 gal. each

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing schedule of fees for
garbage collection for commercial and industrial establishments
be approved and adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the
following vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

RESOLUTION:	 	The following resolution was presented to the Board for its

CLARK COUNTY	 	consideration:

HOSPITAL

R _E_ S _O_ L U _T_ I _O_ N

WHEREAS the United States Federal Health Service has called to
the attention of the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark 
that the venereal disease rate has greatly increased in this
area, and

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark, as 

political subdivisions, are anxious to aid the United States Health
Service in curbing the spread of said venereal disease, and

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas and County of Clark as political
subdivisions have jointly indicated their desire to create 

facilities for the prevention and treatment of such diseases, and



WHEREAS it is necessary to procure certain personal services of
doctors and nurses, etc. for the treatment and prevention of
such diseases, now

BE IT RESOLVED that the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation
does hereby agree to pay to the Clark County Hospital Board, as
the City’s share in the cost of treatment and prevention of venereal
disease, the sum of Two Hundred Dollars ($200.00.) per month, said
payments to continue indefinitely or until such time as the City 

Commission and the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County feel
that the necessity for the educational and preventative program is
no longer necessary.

Commissioner Bates moved that the foregoing resolution be approved;

Motion seconded by Commissioner Corradetti and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

ORDINANCE #292 -	 	An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance Providing for the Protection

PLUMBING	of the Public Health and the Examination, Registration, Licensing

and Bonding of Persons Engaged in the Business of Plumbing or
Laboring at the Trade of Plumbing, Requiring a Permit for the 

Installation or Alteration of Drainage or Plumbing Systems, creating
the Office of Plumbing Inspector and a Board of Plumbing Examiners
Describing their Duties, Defining Certain Terms, Establishing 

Minimum Regulations for the Installation, Alteration or Repair of
Plumbing and Drainage Systems and the Inspection thereof, Providing
Penalties for its Violation, Repealing Conflicting Ordinances" was
read to the Board for the first time.

Commissioner Corradetti moved that Ordinance #292 be approved on
its first reading.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, None; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.

MAYOR PRO TEM	 	Commissioner Corradetti moved that in the event Commissioner Smith

was out of the City during the absence of Mayor Cragin that 

Commissioner Bates be appointed to act as Mayor Pro Tem.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bates and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioner Bates, Corradetti and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none; absent, Commissioners Clark and Smith.