C. NORMAN CORNWALL (City Attorney): As a matter of fact, do you know that
those protestants are residents?

MR. MCNAMEE: I know that the majority are residents on that list.

WM. J. MOORE, JR.: I would like to ask a question. You have problems. That
we know and, naturally, we feel that you should have more money. Is it not possible
for the County — in other words, this revaluation -- the work that is carried on
by the Chamber of Commerce, and the streets put on revaluation, doesn't that also
apply to the County: In other words, we know that revaluation on a lot of that
property is coming up. Is there some way that the County can help the City?

THE MAYOR: No, Mr. Moore, because your tax rate is now $5.00 according to
law, and your bond issues take precedence over everything else. The schools will
take 50¢ of that tax rate; then the State rate, and then the County comes in and
sets their rate. They take into consideration their outstanding bond indebtedness,
and what's left, the City Gets— $1.30 left for us. The bonds that we have 

outstanding comes out of that $1.30 first. We figure that after these bond issues —
the schools and the County — that the City will wind up with about a 70¢ tax rate,
and out of that 70¢ we must pay our bonded indebtedness, which is $350.00 

outstanding, and for pools and a new jail. If we have a two million dollar bond issue,
we could use every cent of it to improve the City but we are placed in a serious
position and we must go out and start tapping the merchants for more revenue. The
law says that the City is entitled to a $1.50, but it doesn't say it has to give
it to us. Last year, we got $1.50, and it raised $180,000 and revenue. Our Police
Department cost over $100,000, and the Fire Department $60,000, and we don't have
enough men at that. We have more police here than other towns of this size but
if we didn't have the gambling and the liquor, we wouldn’t need so many. So when
we asked you to join us and be a part of the City of Las Vegas, we weren't trying
to do something to you; we were asking you, as residents of Las Vegas, as well as
the County, to share the burden of the expense.

(MEETING CLOSED.)

Commissioner Clark moved that the City Manager be authorized
to exspend $50.00 for a one-half page ad in the V.F.W.
Encampment to be taken out of the Commissioner's Publicity
Fund.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin, and carried by the
following vote: Commissioner Baskin, Clark, Corradetti
and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Bates
was put of the room.

There being no further business to come before the meeting
at this time Commissioner Clark moved that the meeting
adjourn until May 22 at the hour of 2 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the
following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Clark,
Corradetti and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 22, 1946

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
this 22nd day of May, 1946. Meeting called to order by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark at the hour of 2 P. M. with the
following members present:	Commissioners Baskin, Bates, 

Corradetti; City Manager, T. E. Fennessy; and City Clerk, Helen
Scott Reed. Absent:	City Attorney, C. Norman Cornwall and

Mayor E. W. Cragin

Commissioner Bates moved that the minutes of May 7 be approved
by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign
same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Baskin and carried by the 

following vote: Commissioners Baskin, Bates, Corradetti and His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Clark voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Cragin.

VETERANS OF FOREIGN
WARS ** Ad