of Las Vegas, Nevada adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain
public improvements by grading and paving certain streets and parts of streets therein with an oil bound
gravel pavement, and by constructing curbs and gutters and concrete valley gutters on both sides thereof,
wherever said improvements are missing, including alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as
may be required, to create a special assessment district designated Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-17 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made accord-
ing to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by
such improvements and included within said district.

The Streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are:

On California Avenue, from A Street to Third Street; on Park Paseo,
from Fifth Street to Sixth Street; on Fourth Place, from Third
Street to Fourth Street; on Colorado Avenue, from easterly right
of way line of Union pacific Railroad to Third Street; on Imperial
Avenue, from A Street to Third Street; an Utah Avenue, from Truck
Road to Third Street; on Wyoming Avenue, from Truck Road to Fifth
Street; on Oakey Boulevard, from A Street to Main Street; an New
York Avenue, from Truck Road to A Street; on Chicago Avenue, from
Truck Road to A Street; on Philadelphia Avenue, from west boundary
of Meadows Addition to A Street; on St. Louis Avenue, from west
boundary of Meadows Addition to A Street; on Boston Avenue, from
west boundary of Meadows Addition to Fifth Street; on Baltimore
Avenue, from west boundary to east boundary of Meadows Addition;
on Cleveland Avenue, from west boundary of Meadows Addition to
Fifth Street; on Cincinnati Avenue, from west boundary of Meadows
Addition to Fifth Street; on San Francisco Street, from west boun-
dary of Meadows Addition to Fifth Street; on Truck Road, from
Chicago Avenue to Utah Avenue; on Fairfield Avenue, from San Fran-
cisco Avenue to Utah Avenue; on A Street, from Boston Avenue to
Charleston Boulevard; on Second Street, from Oakey Boulevard to
Charleston Boulevard; on Third Street, from Fifth Street to Char-
leston Boulevard; on Fourth Street, from Fourth Place to Charles-
ton Boulevard; on Fifth Place,from south boundary of Block 1 and
2 of the amended plat of the Subdivision of Lot J, Park Place Ad-
dition, to Park Paseo, and, on Sixth Street, from Franklin Avenue
to Charleston Boulevard.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-17 shall include all the lots, premises and
property to the full depth of such fronting,adjoining and abutting upon said street and parts of streets.

Said ordinance adopted and approved 29th day of April. 1952, and the plats, diagrams and plans
of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file
for public inspection and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons
interested are hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Ball at the comer of Stewart and Fifth Streets
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on the 9th day of May 1952 at 4:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any
matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may
be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting. Unless the owners of
more than one half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections thereto, such work shall
be ordered.

DATED this 29th day of April. 1952.

s/ Shirley Ballinger	

City Clerk

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalid-
ate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sec-
tions, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inappli-
cability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more in-
stances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any
other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and
that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public health, peace and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Veg-
as, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Morning Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City,
and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 29th day of April, 1952.

s/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

______s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

Those voting "Ave":	Commissioners Bunkerr Jarrett. Peccole and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple	