Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3 and now desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada to be called and designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-3, which shall
include all the lots premises and property to their fall depth; fronting, adjoining and abutting upon the
following streets and portions of streets all within the City of Las Vegas.

South 17th Street from Charleston Boulevard to
Carson Avenue; Spencer Street from Charleston
Boulevard to Carson Avenue, and all of Carson
Avenue from Spencer Street to a point 83 feet
east of the center line of 17th Street.

Section 2. That the streets and parts of streets shall be improved by installing thereon a complete
street lighting system including concrete poll bases, light standards, luminaires, and necessary wiring and
attachments and to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading and constructing thereon asphaltic con-
crete paving and by constructing on both sides of said streets and parts of streets concrete curbs, gutters,
and sidewalks wherever said improvements are missing, including alley approaches, together with such appur-
tenances as may be required as is more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and
locality to be improved, now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all incidental
expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation
properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made ac-
cording to the benefits against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited
by such improvements and included within said District. The entire cost expense of making said improvements
are deemed to be $24,199,47 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

Section A. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises
exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for
State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid
out of the General Fund.

Section 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-
Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and
directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and shall assess each lot or parcel of land with such relative portion of the whole amount to be
levied as the length of front of such premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of
all the lots to be assessed; unless on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots an assessment for a
different number of feet would be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed
to be the aggregate number of feet as determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

Section 6. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall
report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by
him and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the
form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section	7. That after said special assessment roll shall, have been prepared and reported to said

Board, it shall, be	filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

Section	8. That	before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any

person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Wednesday
the 20th day of December. 1950, at 3:30 o'clock P.M.. at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place
are hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Clerk and ex-officio City
Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assess-
ment.

Section 9. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish
notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments for at leas
two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas every
day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein. Said notice shall be in the form prescribed
by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of
Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the
assessments and hear any objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrie-
ved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or description
of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected or said Board
may refer the assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new
assessment in which case the assessment shall, be made anew.

Section 11. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an in-
dorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the form prescribed by the Char-
ter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall
be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-officio
City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such
confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon ,
without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of
 the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the con-
tents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prims facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regular-
ity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assess-
ment Roll.

Section 13. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirmation
and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special
assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until
paid.

Section 14. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer of