across Fairfield Plaza to Boston Avenue; thence to west
boundary of Meadows Addition; Boston Avenue from east
boundary of Meadows Addition 470 ft west; Chicago Avenue,

Philadelphia Avenue, St. Louis Avenue, Cleveland Avenue,

Cincinnati Avenue, from Fairfield Avenue to west boundary
of Meadows Addition; Chicago Avenue and Philadelphia Avenue
from east boundary of Meadows Additional ft west; St.

Louis Avenue from east boundary of Meadows Addition 416
ft west; Baltimore Avenue from existing manhole in South
5th Street to west boundary of Meadows Addition; Fairfield
Avenue from 145 ft north of center line of Baltimore Avenue
to Cincinnati Avenue; all of the streets hereinabove men-
tioned being located in the Meadows Addition to the City
of Las Vegas.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create, shall be designat-
ed Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-3, and shall include all the lots, premises and pro-
perty to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting on said streets and parts of streets, ex-
cepting those lots, premises and properties fronting, adjoining and abutting on the following described street,
to-wit:

The extension of Oakey Blvd from existing manhole at
South Fifth Street to the point Oakey Blvd intersects
with "A" Street at the east boundary of Meadows Addi-
tion.

Section 5. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will meet at the City Hall in said
City on the 15th day of November, 1950, at the hour of 3:30 o'clock, P.M.. to hear and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements or any matters relating
thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements or any matters relating thereto may be filed in writing
at the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 6. That the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans
of the work and locality to be improved together with the estimates of expense thereof on file in her office
for public inspection and examination, and shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams
and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvements or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time the Board will meet and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be
given by publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein, and at least fif-
teen days prior to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places in each ward and
by posting said notice in or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three public places
near the site of said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO INSTALL A SANITARY SEWER SYSTEM ALONG CERTAIN STREETS
AND PORTIONS OF STREETS, TO CREATE SANITARY SEWER ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-3, AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE
COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREFOR.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on October 25th, 1950, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make cer-
tain public improvements by installing a sewer system along certain streets and parts of streets therein,
composed of eight and ten inch vitrified clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required,
to create a special assessment district designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-3
therefor, and to defray the entire costand expense thereof by special assessments made according frontage
against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements
and included within district.

The streets and parts of streets in and along which the Board proposes to install ten inch vi-
trified clay pipe, are the following:

From existing manhole at South 5th Street and Oakey
Blvd westerly along extension of Oakey Blvd to the
point Oakey Blvd intersects with "A"Street at the
east boundary of Meadows Addition; south along east
boundary of Meadows Addition, also known as "A"

Street, to center line of New York Avenue; New York
Avenue from east boundary to west boundary of Meadows
Addition.

The streets and parts of streets in and along which the Board proposes to install eight inch vi-
trified clay pipe, are the following:

South along east boundary of Meadows Addition, also
known as "A" Street, from the center line of New York
Avenue to center line of Boston Avenue; Fairfield
Avenue from New York Avenue to a manhole 123 ft south
of center line of St. Louis Avenue; from manhole in
Fairfield Avenue 123 ft south of center line of St.

Louis Avenue; across Fairfield Plaza to Boston Avenue;
thence to west boundary of Meadows Addition; Boston
Avenue from east boundary of Meadows Addition 470 ft
west; Chicago Avenue, Philadelphia Avenue, St. Louis
Avenue, Cleveland Avenue, Cincinnati Avenue, from
Fairfield Avenue to west boundary of Meadows Addition;

	Chicago Avenue and Philadelphia Avenue from east bound-

ary of Meadows Addition 441 far west; St. Louis Avenue
from east boundary of Meadows Addition 416 ft west;

Baltimore Avenue from existing manhole in South 5th
Street to west boundary of Meadows Addition; Fairfield
Avenue from 145 ft north of center line of Baltimore
Avenue to Cincinnati Avenue; all of the streets herein-
above mentioned being located in the Meadows Addition to
the City of Las Vegas.

Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-3 shall include all the lots, premises and property
to the full depth of such,fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets, excep-