ORDINANCE NO. 585

AN ORDINANCE TO REGULATE TEE SALE OF PISTOLS WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; TO PROVIDE SAFEGUARDS IN
THE SALE THEREOF; TO PROVIDE FOR THE REGISTRATION OF PISTOLS; DEFINING PISTOLS; PROVIDING FOR OTHER
MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; REPEALING
ORDINANCE NO. 579 AND ALL OTHER ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

WHEREAS, certain individuals within the City of Las Vegas have found the present regulations
no harrier to obtaining fire-arms not for peaceful pursuits; and

WHEREAS, the ability of undesirable individuals to obtain firearms has resulted in
unfortunate occurrences and acts of violence; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deem it expedient and necessary
for the protection of safety, life and welfare and the preservation of peace and good order to
restrict the sale of pistols within the City;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, being a dealer at
retail or in the pawnshop business to sell, give away, lend, exchange, or otherwise dispose of or
transfer with the City, or for any person to purchase, borrow, accept as a gift or exchange, or
otherwise receive or take from such dealer or pawnshop, any pistol or revolver or automatic pistol
or firearm whatsoever, capable of being concealed on the person, except as authorized by this
ordinance.

SECTION 2. For the purpose of this ordinance, the term pistol shall mean any small
firearm fired by hand, capable of being concealed upon the person. The term shall include all small

firearms with a barrel or barrels not exceeding 12 inches in length or an overall length of 17

inches, including revolvers, automatics, derringers and like discharging ball or similar ammunition
and usually called pistols.

SECTION 3. No person, firm, corporation, association, or other, shall be authorized to
buy and sell pistols, whether at wholesale, or retail until they shall have received a special per-
mit from the Board of Commissioners to deal in pistols. Any person desiring such special permit shall
first apply to the Board of Commissioners setting out his name, address and the business (other than
dealing in pistols) intended to be carried on, and stating a request for a special permit to deal in
pistols at such place. The Board of Commissioners, after considering same, in any manner that may
appear to them proper, may approve or disapprove such application. If disapproved, then no special
permit shall be issued such applicant for the sale of pistols. If approved, the City Clerk shall

issue a special permit to such person to sell pistols at the place named and under the present

business license of such person. This section shall apply to hardware stores, gunsmith shops,
pawnshops, and all other places where pistols are kept for sale.

SECTION 4. From and after the adoption of this ordinance, sales of pistols shall be
made within the City of Las Vegas only by persons licensed in accordance with Sections land 3 of
this ordinance and such sales or purchases shall be subject to the following conditions and
limitations:

(1)	No person under the legal voting age shall purchase a pistol and no person shall
transfer or sell any pistol to anyone under legal voting age.

(2)	No pistol which has the identifying numbers removed shall be sold or purchased.

(3)	All secondhand or used pistols, except antique pieces, sold or purchased, shall be
in a first class safety condition.

(4)	No homemade pistols shall be bought or sold.

(5)	No pistol of foreign make shall be sold with ammunition for the same, unless the
said ammunition is expressly made for said pistol.

(6)	No sale or purchase of a pistol as defined by this ordinance shall be knowingly made
to any person who has been convicted of a felony in the State of Nevada, or in any
one of the states of the United States, or any political subdivision thereof, or to
any foreign born person not a naturalized citizen of the United States of America,
or any state thereof, or to any person of an unsound mind.

(7)	No pistols shall be displayed in any store or business window.

SECTION 5. Upon the sale of a pistol, under the provisions of this ordinance, the dealer
or other person making said sale, shall within twenty-four (24) hours, notify the Chief of Police
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in writing, of such sale giving the name of the purchaser or
transferree together with the number of said pistol and a complete description thereof; and shall
notify the purchaser or transferee that said pistol must be registered with the said Chief of Police.

SECTION 6. Any person receiving title to a pistol as defined by this ordinance whether
by purchase, gift, or any other transfer shall within twenty-four (24) hours of such receipt,
personally appear at the Police Station of the City of Las Vegas, together with said pistol for
the purpose of registering the same with said officer. It shall be the duty of the Chief of Police
to register said pistol, and he man and is authorized to cooperate in any manner he sees fit with
other law enforcement agencies of the County or other cities in effecting registration of pistols
to the end that efficient registration will be secured at a minimum of cost and duplication.

SECTION 7. Any person within the City of Las Vegas owning a pistol as defined by this
ordinance shall within thirty (30) days after adoption of this ordinance register such pistol with
the Chief of Police as provided therein.

SECTION 8. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall upon
conviction thereof be punished by a fine of not to exceed Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars, or
imprisoned in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months, or by any combination of such fine
or imprisonment.