(a)	The Child Welfare Board of the City of Las Vegas shall meet at least once a month for
the purpose of approving applications for licenses for child care facilities.

(b)	Any person, firm, association or corporation, institute or agency required to be licensed,
by Ordinance 503, or Ordinance 529, or this ordinance shall make the proper application

to the Supervisor of Licensing and Revenue of the City of Las Vegas. The application must
be made in person and all necessary forms completely filed out. Each application must
be filed at least thirty (30) days prior to the regularly scheduled meeting of the Child
Welfare Board, in order for the various departments of the City to make a complete investi-
gation. Proper forms for applications will be furnished by the City.

(c)	After the approval or disapproval of an application by the Child Welfare Board, the
Secretary of said board shall notify the License Bureau of the City in writing of its
approval or disapproval. All reports of the various city departments shall be filed with
the City Inspector who is assigned to operate with the Child Welfare Board.

(d)	No day nursery or commercial nursery shall take any child under the age of two (2) years.

All children under the age of two(2) years must be kept in a home so designated for that
type only, or in a family day care home.

(e)	A family day care home is a family home which provides care for one or more children, but
less than five (5) children, during the whole or any part of the day, and which provides
care and an appropriate program according to the ages and needs of the children. The semi-
annual license fee for a family day care home shall be $10.00

(f)   A day nursery is a facility which provides care for five (5) or more, but less than ten
(10), children under the age of 16 during the whole or any part of the day and which pro-
vides care and an appropriate program according to the ages and needs of the children.

The semi- annual license fee for a day nursery shall be $30.00

(g)	A commercial nursery is a facility which provides care for ten (10) or more children be-
tween the ages of 2 and 16 during the whole or any part of the day and which provides care
and an appropriate program according to the ages and needs of the children. A commercial
nursery shall have at least two bathrooms. A commercial nursery shall be required to post
with the 8ity a copy of a liability insurance policy in the amt. of at least $10,000.00.

No child under the age of two years shall be cared for in a commercial nursery. The semi-
annual license fee for a commercial nursery shall be $60.00.

(h)	No license shall be issued for child care to ary facility which cares for adult roomers,

provided, however, that a license may be issued if the adult roomers are related as parent
and child, and if the care provided for the children is a convenience for the adult roomers
may be cared for in such licensed child care facility.

(i)	All facilities operating under a license from the City of Las Vegas shall be open to inspec-
tion by the proper authorities of the City of Las Vegas and the Child Welfare Board at

any and all times.

(j) All records concerning the administration of the facility and the Children cared for shall
be kept for a period of one year and must be furnished to the authorized inspector of the
City at any time upon demand.

SECTION 2. Any person applying for a license under Ordinance 529, 503, or this ordinance, shal1
pay an investigation fee of $5.00 to the City of Las Vegas at the time of application. The investiga-
tion fee shall not be returned to the applicant whether a license is issued or not.

SECTION 3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 4. Any nursery, person, association, corporation, institution, or agency violating
the provisions of this ordinance, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction shall be
punished by a fine of not more than $500.00 and/or six (6) months in the City Jail, or both, and shall
also be subject to the immediate revocation of any license which may have been issued.

SECTION 5. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately
following its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 26th day of April, 1956, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Sharp
and Fountain for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on
the 20th day of June, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on said day, and at said regular meet-
ing held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first
introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay": None	Absent: None

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

APPROVED:

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor