SECTION 13.

Any person who shall commence any electrical work for which a permit is required by this Code without
first having obtained a permit therefore shall, if subsequently permitted to obtain a permit, pay
double the permit fee fixed by this section for such work, provided, however, that this provision shall
not apply to emergency work when it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the EI that such work
was urgently necessary and that it was not practical to obtain a permit therefore before the commencement
of the work. In all such cases a permit must be obtained as soon as it is practical to do so, and
if there be an unreasonable delay in obtaining such permit, a double fee as herein provided shall be
charged.

SECTION 14 - Licensing

(A)	Any person engaged in the business of wiring, building or installing electrical equipment or
appliances or electric signs in the City of Las Vegas, County Of Clark, State of Nevada, shall first
secure an EC license from the City Clerk for which a fee of $100.00 per year shall be charged.

Before applying for an EC license, applicant must first secure a Nevada State Contractors license.

Each EC license shall expire as of December 31st, following the date of issue and shall be
renewed by the City Clerk upon application by the holders of the license and payment of the required
fee at any time within thirty (30) days before the date of such expiration.

Each applicant shall furnish a bond of $1,000.00 in favor of the city conditioned that the licensee
will comply with the provisions of all ordinances and regulations of the city, rules and regulations
of the health department and will indemnify the city and all others for any loss sustained by reason
of injury or damage to person: or property up to the amount of the bond.

(B)	Each and every person working at the trade of installing electrical wiring or electrical appliances,
shall possess a valid Certificate of Competency issued by the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

It shall be the duty of the B of EE, or authorized agent, to furnish applications and conduct
examinations and issue Certificate of Qualifications for journeyman electricians. A certificate
of Qualification shall be issued to any person who makes application for such certificate and pays
to the City of Las Vegas the required fee of $5.00 and successfully passess the examination conducted
by the B of EE or authorized agent. Each Certificate of Competency will expire December 31 of each year,
and such certificate may be renewed for a fee of $2.50 per yean, if renewed prior to January 31 •

After January 31 the fee is $5.00.

Applicants will be notified of the results of his examination within 10 days after the examination has
been completed. If the applicant fails to pass the examination he may apply for re-examination at the
end of 6 months.

SECTION 15.

Every license fee required hereunder which is not paid within a period of fifteen days from the time
the same becomes due and payable is hereby declared to be delinquent and the City Clerk shall thereupon
add to such license fee and collect, before issuing such license, a penalty of ten per cent of such
license fee so delinquent (but not in ary case less than fifty cents) in the event such license shall
have become delinquent for less then fifteen days; If such license shall have been delinquent for
more than fifteen (15) days, the said City Clerk shall add to such license fee and collect before issuing
such license, a penalty of 25% of such license fee so delinquent. Such penalty may also be recovered in
any civil action brought in the name of the city for the recovery of the amount of license tax imposed
by this chapter; provided, however, that the City Clerk during each year at least ten days before the
next succeeding year shall deposit in the United States Post Office at Las Vegas, Nevada, postage prepaid
thereon, a written or printed notice directed to each person appearing upon the license tax roll for
the current year calling attention to the fact that the license fee for the next succeeding year will
be due at the time provided in this ordinance and of the amount thereof, if readily ascertainable,
and that the penalty herein provided will be exacted unless paid within the time required by this ordinance.
Proof of actual receipt of any such notice shall be in no case required.

SECTION 16.

No person, firm, or corporation shall engage in the installation, maintenance, alterations, repair,
or construction of any electrical work, wiring devices, fixtures, appliances or equipment inside or outside
of any building either by himself or his agents or employees unless he holds an EC license and he or
one of his employees hold an ME certificate issued by the City of Las Vegas, except work done for and
on the property of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, or Electric Light and
Power Company and Telephone and Telegraph Companies, provided however, individuals who have the
knowledge may wire their own residence, but are limited to wiring only one residence within any
twenty-four (24) months and only if it it is to be used and occupied by said person.

SECTION 17.

Rights and Powers. The EI shall have the right to enter any premises at all reasonable hours for
the purpose of inspecting the electrical wiring, fixtures, appliances or apparatus therein.

SECTION 18.

Nothing in this ordinance shall be construed to relieve or lessen the responsibility of any person,
owning, operating, or installing any electrical wires, fixtures, appliances, apparatus, construction
or equipment for damages to anyone injured or damaged either in person or property by any defect
therein; nor shall the City or any employees thereof be held as assuming any liability by reason
of the inspection authorized herein or the certificate of inspection issued by the EI.

SECTION 19.

Continued Offenses. Each and every day's continuation of a violation and/or any of the provisions of
this Ordinance shall be deemed to be a separate and distinct offense.

SECTION 20.

There is hereby created a B of EE which shall consist of six (6) members appointed by the B of CC as
follows:	One representative of an electric utility company, one electrical engineer registered in

and for the State of Nevada, two journeymen electricians, two representatives of the Electrical
Contractors, and EI to act as secretary without vote.

Appointments shall be made for terms of two years, but any member may for cause, be removed from
office at any time by the B of CC.