WHEREAS, to provide a means whereby these goods and services may he provided within a residential
neighborhoos,and at the same time protect the residential values from depreciating, it has been deter-
mined that land should be appropriately classified for neighborhood commercial uses only in such amount as
the ultimate population of each neighborhood can support; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas finds that there exists a public need
for an amendment to Chapter 2b of the Code of Las Vegas, referred to as a Zoning Ordinance, to establish
an additional land use and zoning classification in accordance with a Master Plan for such uses; such
district to be known as C-C, (Neighborhood Commercial Center) District, and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas deem it in the public interest to per-
mit restaurants, cabaret, tavern or cocktail lounges for the dispensing of beverages and alcoholic liquors
to be permitted in hotels of fifty (50) or more guest rooms,

NOW, THEREFORE, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Chapter 24, Section 10, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, as last amended by Ordinance No.
630 is hereby further amended to read as follows:

A.	In order to classify, regulate, restrict and segregate the uses of land and buildings; to regulate
and restrict the height and bulk of buildings, and to regulate the area of yards and other open spaces about
buildings, and to carry out the purpose of this article, thirteen classes of districts are established, to
be known as follows:

R-A ..................... Ranch Estate District

R-E ...... .............. Residence Estate District

R-l ......................Single Family Residence District

R-2................. .......Two-Family Residence District

R-2-T ................... Two-Family Residence - Trailer District

R-3....................... .Limited Multiple Residence District

R-3-T .......... .............Limited Multiple Residence - Trailer District

R-4 ..................... .Apartment Residence District

C-C ...... .............. Neighborhood Commercial Center District

C-l.......................Limited or Neighborhood Commercial District

C-S ........... ..... ......General Commercial Special District

M-1.......................Light Industry District

M-2 ......... ............. Heavy Industry District

The aforesaid districts and the boundaries of such districts are shown and delineated on that cer-
tain map entitled, "Zoning Map - City of Las Vegas, Nevada" and such map with al1 notations, references,
dimension, designations and other information shown thereon is hereby adopted and made a part of this

article by this reference. Such-map shall be hereinafter referred to as "the map".



B.	It is hereby declared that in the creation by this article of the respective classes of dis-
tricts set forth herein, the board of commissioners has given due and careful consideration to the pe-
culiar suitability of each and every such district, for the particular regulation applied thereto, the
location and extent of each district and the necessary proper and comprehensive groupings and arrange-
ment of the various uses and densities of population in accordance with a well considered plan for the
development of the city, and in desirable relation to established plans in adjoining municipalities and
unincorporated areas of the County of Clark.

The boundaries of such districts as are shown upon the map adopted by this article or amendments,
subsequent changes or supplements thereto, as are accomplished by the provisions of this article, are
hereby adopted and approved and the regulations of this article governing the use of land, buildings
and structures, the height of buildings and structures, building site areas, the sizes of yards about
buildings and structures and other matters as hereinafter set forth, are hereby established and declared
to be in effect upon all land included within the boundaries of each and every district shown upon such

map.	

In the event that any land may, at the time of adoption of this article or at any time subsequent there to,

be included within the corporate boundaries of the City, but shall not be delineated on the "Zoning Map"
such land shall be automatically classified as in the R-A District; provided, however, that those areas
annexed to the City of Las Vegas which have been designated in a different zone than R-A by the former
governing body of the annexed area, shall automatically be annexed with the corresponding zone classifica-
tion as that existing prior to the annexation.

SECTION 2. There is hereby added a new section to Chapter 24, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 to
immediately follow Section 19, to be designated Section 19.01, which shall read as follows:

"Section 19.01. C-C (Neighborhood Commercial Center) District Regulations.



A. USES PERMITTED:

1.	Any use permitted in the C-1 Districts as set forth in Section 20 of the Zoning Ordinance,
with the exception of uses permitted in the R-1, R-2 and R-3 districts.

2.	Uses customarily incidental or similar to any of the above uses, provided that:

a. Such uses or operations are not objectionable due to dust, odor, smoke, noise, vibration
or other similar causes.

3.	Permitted retail shops shall sell new merchandise exclusively and all products produced,
whether primary or incidental, shall be sold at retail on the premises, and not more than two (2) persons

be engaged in such production.

B. GENERAL CONDITIONS FOR DEVELOPMENT:

A C-C district may be established in accordance with an approved land use plan or part thereof
provided that:

1.	An application is made for reclassification of property as provided in Section 34 of the
Zoning Ordinance, as amended.

2.	Detailed and specific plans accompany such application for the reclassification of property,
which shall show:

a.	That the maximum buildable area shall not be more than twenty five (25%) percent of the

 net area.

b.	A schedule of construction including a proposed completion date.

3.	Failure to fulfill the construction schedule shall void the plan as approved, unless and ex-
 tension is granted by the City Planning Commission, upon application by the property owner, documented by

reasonable evidence to justify such extension. Failure to fulfill the construction schedule or to obtain
 an extension of time shall be construed as conclusive evidence that the reclassification of property to a
 C-C district was not in the public interest, and may constitute sufficient grounds for the Board of City
Commissioners to further reclassify said property to its previous district classification, or some other
classification consistent with the public interest.