(1) ALCOHOL. The word "alcohol" means a product of distillation of any fermented
liquor, rectified either once or oftener, whatever may be the origin thereof, and included
synthetic ethyl alcohol.

(2) SPIRITS. The word "spirits" means any liquor which contains alcohol obtained by
distillation, mixed with drinkable water and other substance in solution, including rum, brandy,
whiskey and gin.

(3) WIRE. The word "wine" means any alcoholic liquor obtained by the fermentation
of natural sugar contents of fruits or other agricultural products containing sugar, including
fortified wines such as port, sherry and champagne.

(4) BEER. The word "beer" means any liquor obtained by the alcoholic fermentation
of an infusion or decoction of malt, barley and hops in drinking water.

(5) BEVERAGE. The word "beverage" means any beer or wine containing not more than
30 per centum of alcohol by weight.

(6) ALCOHOLIC LIQUOR. The words "alcoholic liquor" include the four varieties of
liquor defined, (alcohol, spirits, wine and beer), and wine or beer, spirits and every
liquor or solid, patented or not, containing alcohol and capable of being consumed by human
beings.

(7) HOTEL. The word "hotel" means every building or other structure kept, used,
maintained, advertised, or held out to the public to be a place where food is served and
sleeping accomodations are offered for pay to transient guests, in which one hundred or more
rooms are used for sleeping accomodations of such transient guests and having one or more
dining rooms where meals are served to such transient guests, such sleeping accomodations and
dining rooms being conducted in the same building or buildings in connection therewith.

(8) RESTAURANT. The word "restaurant" means space in a suitable building kept, used,
maintained, advertised or held out to the public to be a place where meals are served and where
fifty or more persons may be served with meals at any one time at tables or stools.

(9) CLUB. The word "club" means an association of persons, whether incorporated or
unincorporated, for the promotion of same common object (but not including associations orga-
nized for any commercial or business purpose the object of which is money profit) owning,
hiring or leasing a building or space in a building of such extent and character as may be
suitable and adequate for the reasonable and comfortable use and accomodation of its members
and their guests, provided that such club shall be chartered under, or a duly recognized
affiliate of, a national service association or organization.

(10) TAVERN. The word "tavern" means a place where alcoholic liquors are sold at
retail by drink only to the general public or by bottle for off premise consumption, and

a place where no other kind of business, except gambling, is being maintained or conducted,
except that in such taverns, cigars, cigarettes, tobacco,nuts, jerky, popcorn, potato chips,
and pretzels may be sold or given away. A restaurant of lunch counter may be operated in
the same building with a tavern provided, however, no lunches, foodstuffs or so-called "free
lunches" shall be either given away or sold at other than a fair and equitable price in such
taverns.

(11) PACKAGE LIQUOR ESTABLISHMENT. A "package liquor establishment" is defined as
a place where alcoholic liquors and beverages are sold, served or otherwise distributed in
quantities not exceeding four and nine-tenths (4 9/l0) gallons to the same person or for the
same person's use at any one time, and not for consumption on the premises.

(12) WHOLESALE LIQUOR ESTABLISHMENT. A "wholesale liquor establishment" is defined
as to be a place where alcoholic, spirituous, vinous, malt or mixed alcoholic and intoxicating
liquors and beverages are kept, sold, given away or distributed, contained in sealed or corked
packages or kegs, and not to be consumed on the premises where so kept, given away or distri-
buted, and to be sold, given away or distributed to retailers only, and only in the original
packages or kegs. Every wholesale liquor establishment shall keep a record of the retail city
license number off each and every person to whom any sale or gift of liquor is made and shall
keep an invoice of each and every sale or gift, and shall insert on such invoice such retail
license number,. Such invoices shall at all times during business hours, be open to inspection
by the City.

(13) HOTEL LIQUOR LICENSE. A hotel liquor license shall permit the sale of package
goods for room delivery only, and shall permit the maintenance of a tavern in said premises
including the sale of liquors by the drink in the restaurant portion thereof and shall only
be granted to hotels with one hundred (100) rooms or more and having a dining room capable

of seating fifty people at tables at one time.

(l4) BEVERAGE LICENSE. Beverage licenses shall permit the sale of beer or wine
containing not more than 30 per centum of alcohol by weight and may be permitted in grocery
stores for off-premise consumption and in restaurants as herein defined, for on premise con-
sumption, provided that such licenses are permitted under the Planning and Zoning ordinances of
the City.

(15) BEER LICENSE. Beer licenses may be permitted in a restaurant as defined herein,
or in a lunch counter therein twelve (12) or more persons may be served with meals at any one
time at tables or stools, or in package liquor establishments, or a hotel, provided that the
issuance thereof is permitted under the Planning and Zoning ordinances of the City.

(16) SHOPPING CENTER AND GROCERY LIQUOR LICENSE. A shopping center or grocery
liquor license shall permit the sale of alcoholic liquors only for off-premise consumption
and may be permitted in a shopping center or grocery store, provided that no self-service
sales shall be permitted, and provided further that the issuance thereof is permitted under
Section 7 of this ordinance.