out demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof may, at the election of the owner, be paid
in installments, with, interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any part
thereof, within said period of ten days shall be conclusively considered and held an election on the part of all
persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such election
to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer
in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall
be due and payable on or before the 1st day of December, 1953, and the remainder of said installments shall be
due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest
in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal from the 1st day of January, 1953 at the same
rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and
delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio
City Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of December, 1953
and the remainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of December in
each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause
the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid
principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the
day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid install-
ments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be re-
stored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered.

The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of
the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on
and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assess-
or of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the Same on the tax roll of said County
and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer oi
said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and
County taxes are collected.

SECTION 15. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be
placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-11, Bond Interest and
Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated
to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized,
sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements} and said
fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used
for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 16. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-officio City
Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City Assessor, whose name appears on
said assessment roll, by United States of America Mail, that an assessment has been levied against said person
and the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-11, and shall state therein
when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 17. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance heretofore taken
by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the improving of a certain street by
installing a complete street lighting system in the said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-11, to-
ward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire
cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, reso-
lutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the re-
gaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity
of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or
prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise
funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health, and safety.

SECTION 21. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final read-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance, shall be-
come effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED THIS 6th day of April, 1953.

s/	C. D. Baker_______________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/	Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

Those voting for the adoption of the foregoing ordinance are as follows:

Those voting "Aye":	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Rex A. Jarrett

Commissioner	William Peccole

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

Those Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None