The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 5th day of October, 1955 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Fountain
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the
19th day of October, 1955 which was the regular meeting held on the 19th day of October, 1955 and at said
regular meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as
first introduced and adopted by the following vote"

Voting "Aye”:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, & Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Voting "Nay":	Commissioner Bunker Absent:	Mayor Baker

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D Baker

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,	)

COUNTY OF CLARK,	)	ss.

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING

SUN, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published in said newspaper for a period of one
week from October 24, 1955 to October 31 1955 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the fol-
lowing dates, to-wit: October 24, 1955, October 31, 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued and cir-
culated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ RICHARD LOCHRIE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of November, 1955.

/s/ Barbara J. Greenspun

My Commission Expires Mr. 17, 1956

ORDINANCE NO. 675

AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING SALES OF HYPODERMIC SYRINGES OR NEEDLES EXCEPT TO DULY AUTHORIZED PERSONS AND PRO-
VIDING PENALTIES FOR ILLEGAL POSSESSION THEREOF, AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. It shall be unlawful for any person to sell or furnish to any person or persons other than
 a duly licensed physician, dentist, veterinarian, undertaker, nurse, podiatrist, or a registered pharmacy
or drug store, hospital, sanitarium, clinical laboratory or other medical institution, or a regular dealer
in medical, dental or surgical supplies, or a resident physician or interne of a hospital, sanitarium, or
other medical institution, a hypodermic syringe or hypodermic needle except pursuant to a written pre-
scription of a duly licensed physician or veterinarian.

SECTION 2. Every person so selling or furnishing a hypodermic syringe or hypodermic needle, shall
record upon the face of the prescription, over his signature, the date of the sale or furnishing of the hy-
podermic syringe or hypodermic needle, and shall record thereon the number of hypodermic syringes or hypo-
 dermic needles issued or reissued on such prescription. Such prescription shall be retained on file for a
period of two years and be readily accessible for inspection by any public officer or employee engaged in
the enforcement of this section. A prescription filed in accordance with this section shall be sufficient
authority, without the necessity of a renewal or reissuance, to permit subsequent sales or the furnishing
of hypodermic syringes or hypodermic needles to the person to wham the prescription was issued, for a period
of one year from the date of its original issuance.

SECTION 3. No person except a manufacturer of, or a wholesaler or a retail dealer in surgical instru-
ments, apothecary, physician, dentist, veterinarian, nurse or interne, shall at any time have or possess a
hypodermic syringe or needle or any instrument or implement adapted for the use of habit-forming drugs by
subcutaneous injections, unless such possession be authorized by the certificate of a physician issued with-
in the period of one year prior thereto.

SECTION 4. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 5. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and
final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its reading
 and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. Baker

 ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 5th day of October, 1955, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and
 Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorable on said ordinance on the 19th day
of October, 1955, which was the regular meeting held on the 19th day of October, 1955, and at said regular
meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first in-
troduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp & Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Voting "Nay":	None Absent:	Mayor Baker

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. Baker

 ATTEST:	Mayor

 /s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk