property, to the full depth of such, fronting adjoining and abutting upon said street and parts of streets*

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality
to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspec-
tion and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City
on Friday, the 9th day of May 1952, at the hour of 4:30 o'clock P.M., to hear and consider any suggestions
and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matter relating
thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matter relating thereto, may be filed in writ-
ing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, dia-
grams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed improvements or work, of the location
of the improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by the parties in interest to the proposed improvement.

Said notice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, and also by posting said notice in or near
said post office of said City and by posting notices in three public places near the site of said proposed
work.

NOTICE

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO PAVE, CURB, AND GUTTER AND CONSTRUCT CONCRETE VALLEY GUTTERS ON
CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-16, AND TO DE-
FRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREON.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on 29th day of April. 1952, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to
make certain public improvements by grading and paving certain streets and parts of streets therein with
an oil bound gravel pavement, and by constructing curbs and gutters and concrete valley gutters on both
sides thereof, wherever said improvements are missing, including alley approaches, together with such ap-
purtenances as may be required, to create a special assessment district designated Street Improvement
Assessment District No. 100-16 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special
assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property
specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are:

On Bonanza Road and Linden Avenue, from east boundary of
the Kelso-Turner Tract to Twenty First Street; on Walnut
Avenue, from Bruce Street to Twenty Fifth Street; on Mesquite
Avenue, from East boundary of the Kelso-Turner Tract to
Twenty Fifth Street; on Cedar Avenue, from Bruce Street to
Twenty Fifth Street; on Poplar Avenue, from Fourteenth Street
to Twenty Fifth Street; on Elm Street from Bruce Street to
Twenty Fifth Street, on Marlin Avenue, from alley between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth Streets to Twenty Fifth Street; on
Ash Avenue, from Twenty First Street to Twenty Third Street;
on Ogden Avenue, from Bruce Street to Twenty Third Street;
on Sunrise Avenue, from Fremont Street to Twentieth Street;
on Thirteenth Street, from north line of the Kelso-Turner
Tract to Bonanza Road; on Fourteenth Street, on Fifteenth
Street, and on Sixteenth Street, from Stewart Avenue to
Bonanza Road; on Bruce Street from Charleston Boulevard to
Bonanza Road; on Eighteenth Street, from Sunrise Avenue to
Stewart Avenue; on Nineteenth Street, from Sunrise Avenue to
Bonanza Road; on Twentieth Street, from South boundary of the
Amended Church Tract Addition to Stewart Avenue; on Cerantes
Street, from south boundary of the amended Church Tract Addi-
tion to Stewart Avenue; on Twenty First Street and on Twenty
Third Street, from Ogden Avenue to Walnut Avenue; on Circle
Drive, from Bruce Street to Lewis Avenue; on Lewis Street,
from Spencer Street to Bruce Street; on Clark Avenue, from
Fourteenth Street to Fifteenth Street; and on Fourteenth
Street, from Charleston Boulevard to Clark Avenue.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-16 shall include all, the lots, premises and pro-
perty to the full depth of such fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street and parts of streets.

Said ordinance adopted and approved 29th day of April 1952, and the plats, diagrams and plans
of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file
for public inspection and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons
interested are hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall, at the comer of Stewart and Fifth Streets
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 9th day of May 1952, at 4:30 o'clock, P.M., to hear and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or
any matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto,
may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting. Unless the
owners of more than one half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections thereto, such
work shall be ordered.

DATED this 29th day of April, 1952.

________s/ Shirley Ballinger_________________

City Clerk

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or inval-
idate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific
sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the in-