WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair and  equit-
iable that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, said Board by Emergency Ordinance No. 537 passed, adopted and approved the 25th day of March,
1953 declared its determination to make certain public improvements as herein provided, to create Sanitary
 Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-12, for the purpose of making said improvements, to defray the
entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to frontage, and fixed a time in which
protests against the proposed improvements or the creation of such District might be heard and considered by
said Board, and directed notice thereof to be given; and

WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the manner prescribed by Section 7 of
said Emergency Ordinance No. 537 and by Section 57 Chapter II, Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the frontage to be assessed have not filed written objections

concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of said District, or the defraying of the entire cost
and expense by special assessments; and

WHEREAS, no objections, suggestions, comments nor questions were made or raised at said protest hear-
ing; and

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the creation of said Sanitary
Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-12, and now desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, to be called and designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-12, which
shall include all the lots, premises and property to their full depth; fronting, adjoining and abutting upon
the following streets and portions of streets, all within the City of Las Vegas.

From the manhole at the intersection of Desert Lane and Hastings North 0°06'26" East along
the center line of Desert Lane 441.71 feet to a point; Thence North 89°53'30" West through
a utility easement a distance of 355 feet to a point; thence South 0o06'30” East a distance

of 62.20 feet to a point; thence Westerly along the center line of Bearden Way a distance

of 510.92 feet.

SECTION 2. That the said sewer improvement shall be made by installing a sanitary sewer in and along
the following streets and portions of streets, said sewer to be composed of eight inch vitrified clay pipe, to-
gether with such appurtenances as may be required, as is more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and
plans of the work and locality to be improved, now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the streets and parts of streets in and along which the Board proposes to install
eight inch vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

From the manhole at the intersection of Desert Lane and Hastings North 0°06,26" East along
the center line of Desert Lane 441.71 feet to a point; Thence North 89°53,30" West through
a utility easement a distance of 355 feet to a point; thence South 0°06'30” East a distance

of 62.20 feet to a point; thence Westerly along the center line of Bearden Way a distance

of 510.92 feet.

SECTION 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all incidental
expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of the
fore-going, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation
properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made acc-
ording to the frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by
such improvements and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said improvements
are deemed to be $8,309.84 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises
exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State
and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the
General Fund.

SECTION 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed
to make forthwith, as assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
and shall assess each lot or parcel of land with such relative portion of the whole amount to be levied as the
length of front of such premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to
be assessed; unless on account of the size or shape of any lot or lots an Assessment for a different number: of
feet would be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be and aggregate
number of feet as determined upon for a assessment by the assessor.

SECTION 7. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall re-
port the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and
made in the form of a certificate endorse on the assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the form pre-
scribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said Board,
it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

SECTION 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any per-
son objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Monday, the
27th day of April, 1953 at 8:00 o’clock, P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are here-
by fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-officio City Assessor
will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

SECTION 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish not-
ice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments at least once
a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas. Said notice
shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of Comm-
issioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the assess-
ments and hear any objection to said assessments, which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved there-