relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed
in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams
and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed improvements or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any sug-
gestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice
shall be given by publication for at least two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper pub-
lished in said City of Las Vegas, every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein, and at
least fifteen days prior to said meeting by posting said notices in at least three public places in each ward
and also by posting said notice in or near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three pub-
lic places near the site of said proposed work. Said notice shall be in substantially the following form:

NOTICE

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO PAVE, CURB, AND GUTTER AND INSTALL 70' OF STORM SEWER ON
CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-9, AND TO DEFRAY
THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREON.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on May 2nd, 1951, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain
public improvements be grading and paving certain streets and parts of streets therein with an oil bound gra-
vel pavement, and by constructing curbs and gutters on both sides thereof, wherever, said improvements are
missing, including alley approaches, by installing 70' of storm sewer, together with such appurtenances as
may be required, to create a special assessment district designated Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-9 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according
to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots', premises and property specially benefited by such
improvements and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are:

All of Lewis Avenue from the east property line of Spencer Avenue
to the west gutter line of Bruce Street; all of Circle Drive from
the North gutter line of Lewis Avenue to the west gutter line of
Bruce Street.

From the south gutter line of Fremont Avenue to a point 7.73' south
of the center line of Lewis Avenue running west from Bruce Street
and the west one-half (½) of Bruce Street from a point 7.73' south
of the center line of Lewis Avenue running west to the existing
construction on Charleston Boulevard.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-9 shall include all the lots, premises and property
to the full depth of such fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said street and parts of streets.

Said ordinance adopted and approved May 2, 1951, and the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and
locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file for public inspec-
tion and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons interested are
hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the comer of Stewart and Fifth Streets
in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, on the 23rd day of May. 1951, at 3:30 o'clock P.M.. to hear and consider
any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any
matters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be
filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting. Unless the owners of
more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed shall file written objections thereto, such work shall be
ordered.

DATED this 2nd day of May, 1951.

(SEAL)

s/ Shirley Ballinger___________

City Clerk

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolution and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall, be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances
shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other in-
stances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that
this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public health, peace and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and
this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 2nd day of May, 1951.

_________s/ E.W. Cragin_____________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

Attest:

s/ Shirley Ballinger ___________

City Clerk