expense thereof by special assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable
lots, premises, and property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district;
and

WHEREAS, there is not included within said district any public or other property against which
a valid special assessment cannot be levied by said City; and

WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon ary lot or pre-
mises for said improvements exceed fifty percent of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the
latest tax list or assessment roll for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair
and equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, the said Board considers it necessary, desirable, and for the best interests of the
City, to take the steps provided by law for the organization of an assessment district and the construc-
tion therein of said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said Board, by a Resolution duly adopted and approved on the 5th day of November, 1952,
ordered the City Engineer to make estimates of the expense thereof, and plats, diagrams and plans of the
work and of the locality to be improved, and to file such estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the
City Clerk for public examination; and

WHEREAS, said estimates, plats, diagrams and plans were so filed on the 19th day of November,

1952;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and State
of Nevada, does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by paving, curbing
and guttering and constructing concrete valley gutters on Oakey Boulevard, to create a special assessment
district therefore, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof b y special assessments made accord-
ing to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited
by such improvements and included within said district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading and
constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and by constructing on both sides of said Oakey Boule-
vard concrete curbs and gutters and concrete valley gutters wherever said improvements are missing, in-
cluding alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown
by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the Street which the Board proposes to so have improved, wherever said impro-
vements are missing, is the following:

On Oakey Boulevard between Fifth and Tenth Street, as the same
appears upon the records in the Office of the County Recorder,

Clark County, Nevada.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be de-
signated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-18, and it shall include all the lots, premises
and property, to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said Oakey Boulevard.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and lo-
cality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for
public inspection and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City
on Wednesday, the 3rd day of December,. 1952, at the hour of 7:30 6’clock P.M., to hear and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any
matter relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or ary matters relating thereto, may
be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at ary time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, dia-
grams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed improvements or work, of the loca-
tion of the improvements, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and
consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed impro-
vements. Said notice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas
Morning Sun a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, and also by posting said Notice in or
near said post office of said City and by posting notices in three public places near the site of the
said proposed work.

Section 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolution and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

Section 9. That if ary one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, Impair or in-
validate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the
specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid,
and the inapplicability and invalidity of ary section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in
any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in ary way the applicability and validity of
this ordinance in ary other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inade-
quate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary im-
mediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency ex-
ists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public health, peace
and safety.