12. Food Stores or Market:	The following minimum spaces.

Square Feet of	Parking	Spaces

Gross Floor Area	Required________

Under 1000	4

1001 -	1500	6

1501 -	2000	8

2001 -	2500	10

2501 -     	3000                       12 

3001 -	3250	13

3251 -	3500	14

For each additional 250 square feet or fraction thereof, one(l) additional space.

13. Provided that the Board of City Commissioners may upon good cause being shown,
diminish the requirements set forth in this sub-paragraph.

a) Such a showing must include evidence that the applicant has made firm and
satisfactory arrangements for adequate off-street parking as defined by
the formula listed in this sub-section for joint or common use of parking
facilities with another property owner in the immediate neighborhood.

D. ARCHITECTURAL SUPERVISION:

Prior to the granting of a Building Permit for any use permitted in this district, the
applicant shall submit to the Director of Planning for approval, conditional approval
or disapproval, plans accompanied by drawings or sketches clearly showing the exterior
elevations and general appearance of the proposed structure in accordance with the
provisions of Chapter 24, Section 31, of the Code of Las Vegas, and Resolution 11 of
the City Planning Commission adopted June 10, 1954.

E. ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON DEVELOPMENT:

In considering any application for a change in land use classification from any other
land use district to a C-1 district, the Board of City Commissioners may, upon recom-
mendation of the Planning Commission, impose additional conditions and/or limitations
upon the development of the property which are deemed consistent with the purposes of
this Ordinance in the light of the proposed use or development in relation to other
uses in the same neighborhood.

Such conditions and/or limitations may include:

1.	The right to limit the development of any specific lot or parcel of land proposed
for a C-1 classification to a specific use as proposed by the applicant at the
time the application is being considered.

2.	A time limit when the completion of the development is proposed.

3.	The construction off-site improvements in accordance with the approved plan for de-
velopment of the street as prepared and adopted by the Director of Public Works.

SECTION 2. All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

SECTION 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
tts first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ C.D. BAKER

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Com-
missioners on the 4th day of January, 1956, and referred to the following committee composed of Com-
missioners Sharp and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably
on said Ordinance on the 1st day of February, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on said day,
that at said regular meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board
of Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple & Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ C.D. BAKER

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk