improper exposure of her person; or

13.	Every woman who solicits men for immoral purposes; or

l4. Every person who keeps a place where lost or stolen property is concealed; or

15. Every person who solicits or procures, or who attempts to solicit or procure, money or other thing of
value, by falsely pretending or representing himself to be blind, deaf, dumb, without arms or legs, or to
be otherwise physically deficient or suffering any physical defect or infirmity; or

16. Every boy or male person over the age of 18 years, and under the age of 21 years, who habitually re-
mains away from home or place of residence after the hour of 9.00 o’clock P.M. without same lawful and
necessary business, or other imperative duty, or good and sufficient reason or cause for such absence from
home after such hour; or who for his own amusement and pasttime without any legitimate business for so do-
ing, frequents and passes his time in any saloon or other place where intoxicating liquor is sold or drunk;
or, who at any hour of the night or day, for his own amusement and pastime, without any legitimate business
for so doing, frequents or loafs around any low den, house, or other place of vice, infamy, or immorality,
where known thieves and other vicious and infamous persons resort or congregate ; or, who, at any hour of
of the night, either alone or otherwise, prowls about the streets of the city, disturbing the peace and
quiet of the neighborhood by loud or unnecessary noise or committing petty depredations, tricks, or pranks,
upon the person or property of other people, or by abusive, obscene, or insulting language, or by any other
manner of rowdyism whatsoever, disturbs or annoys passers-by, any lawful assemblings of persons, or the
neighborhood at large; or

17.	Every person who annoys or molests any school child; or who loiters about within 400 feet of any
school, or public place at or near which school children attend,

Is a vagrant and guilty of vagrancy.



SECTION 2. Any violation of this ordinance, or any provision herein contained shall constitute a mis-
demeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not to exceed Five Hundred ($500.)
Dollars, and/or six months in the City Hall, or a combination of both.

SECTION 3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and

final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its reading and
adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 1st day of December, 1954 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Jarrett
and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 2nd day
of February, 1955 which was the regular meeting held on the 2nd day of February, 1955 and at said
regular meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as
first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye", Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and Mayor Baker
Voting "Nay”, None	Absent: Commissioner Jarrett

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,	)

COUNTY OF CLARK,	)	ss.

A.F. SCHELLACK, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW-

JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
Two (2) insertions from February 7, 1955 to February l4, 1955 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit:	February7, 14, 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circu-

lated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ A.F. SCHELLACK

Subscribed and sworn to before me this l4th day of February, 1955.

/s/ NEOLA GIERHART

Notary Public IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires April 14, 1957.