System Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $400,000.00, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
for the purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the municipal Fire Extinguishing System,
by acquiring additional fire extinguishing equipment, and buildings therefor, together with such ad-
ditional sites and grounds as may be necessary, and by improving existing fire department buildings
and fire extinguishing equipment, said bonds to bear interest at a rate of not more than seven. (7)
percent per annum, and to mature serially in regular numerical order at annual intervals, commencing
not later than the year 1958, and ending not later than the year 1980, both inclusive, said bonds matur-
ing after the year 1966, to be subject to prior redemption, at the option of the City on such terms
as the Board of Commissioners may determine on any interest payment date on and after ten (10) years
from the date of the bonds, principal and interest payable from an annual general tax levy, and from
such other sources available therefor as the Board of Commissioners may at its option determine."

(d)	"Shall the City of Las Vegas issue its negotiable coupon General Obligation Fire Alarm System
Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of $200,000.00, or so much thereof as may be necessary for the
purpose of defraying, in part, the cost of improving the municipal Fire Extinguishing System, by acquir-
ing, constructing and establishing an automatic fire alarm system complete with headquarters building
and controls and panels, said bonds to bear interest at a rate of not more than seven (7) percent per
annum, and to mature serially in regular numerical order at annual intervals, commencing not later
than the year 1958, and ending not later than the year 1980, both inclusive, said bonds mattering after
the year 1966, to be subject to prior redemption, at the option of the City on such terms as the Board
of Commissioners may determine on any interest payment date on and after ten (lO)years from the date
of the bonds, principal and interest to be payable from an annual general tax levy, and from such other
sources available therefor as the Board of Commissioners may at its option determine."

Section 10. That the ballots to be used at said election shall be prepared and furnished by
the City Clerk to the inspectors of election, to be by them furnished to the regularly qualified
electors. Said ballots shall be printed on white paper and on colored paper as provided by law.

Said ballots shall contain the same proposals as set forth in Section 9 hereof, respectively with
instructions respecting the marking of the ballots, and shall bear the words:

(a)	SEWER BONDS-------------------------------YES

SEWER BONDS----------------- -------------NO

(b)	POLICE DETENTION BONDS--------------------YES

POLICE DETENTION BONDS......................NO

(c)	FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM BONDS - -------YES

FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM BONDS-------------NO

(d)	FIRE ALARM SYSTEM BONDS.................--YES

FIRE ALARM SYSTEM BONDS---------------------NO

The voter to stamp a cross or X in the square after the word "No" if opposed to the bond issues, or any
of them,and after the word "Yes" if in favor of the issues, or any of them. The election shall be con-
ducted and the votes canvassed and announced in all several particulars as in other elections.

Section 11. That notice of the submission of said questions authorizing the issuance of said bonds
to the regularly qualified electors of the City at the general city election to be held Tuesday, the 3rd
day of May, 1955, shall be published once a week for three consecutive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas. That the City Clerk shall cause such notice to be published
in the following form:

NOTICE OF THE SUBMISSION
OF BOND QUESTIONS
AT GENERAL ELECTION
TO BE HELD MAY 3, 1955

Pursuant to Ordinance No.____of the City of Las

Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved the	day of April,

1955, PUBLIC NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that at the General Election
on Tuesday, May 3, 1955, there will be submitted to the regular-
ly qualified electors of the City of Las Vegas, the following
questions:

(insert in notice questions (a), (b), (c) and (d),
as they appear hereinabove in Section 9.)

The ballots to be used in voting upon said proposal
will be prepared and furnished by the City Clerk to the in-
spectors of the said election to be by them furnished to the
voters.

The election will be held and governed by the pro-
visions contained in the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, as amended, and the Laws and Statutes of the State of
Nevada, made and provided in such case, and to which reference
is hereby made for further particulars.

Dated this_____ day of April, 1955.

Section 12. That the City Clerk shall provide________________________

City Clerk

Section 12. That the City Clerk shall provide ballot boxes for the purpose of the regularly qualified
electors submitting their choice as to the question all in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada
made and provided for in such case.

Section 13. That in all matters concerning the conduct of said election and the submission of said
questions to the regularly qualified electors of the City, the City Clerk shall be governed by the provis-
ions of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and the general statutes of "the State of Nevada governing
the conduct of elections when the specific provisions of the said Charter are inapplicable.

Section l4. That all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby
repealed.

Section 15. That should any provision, clause, phrase, or part thereof, of this ordinance be declared
invalid, unauthorized or unconstitutional, then such decision shall affect only the provisions, clause,
phrase, or part thereof, declared to be invalid, unauthorized or unconstitutional, and shall not affect
any other part of this ordinance whatsoever.