7.	The following uses, upon the securing of a use permit in each case, as
provided in Section 28 of this Chapter:

(a)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches, public utilities and ser-
vices, radio broadcasting facilities.

(b)	Real estate offices, temporary only.

(c)	Home occupation as defined in Section 1 of this ordinance.

(d)	Day nursery, as defined by the Child Welfare Ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, provided such facility is approved by the Child Wel-
fare Board, and meets all duly adopted standards for such facility.

8.	Name plate and signs: One name plate for each dwelling unit, not exceed-

three (3) square feet in area, indicating the name of the occupant or
permitted occupation; one unlighted single or double-faced sign not ex-
ceeding twelve (12) square feet in area and located not nearer than ten
(10) feet to any street or highway, and pertaining only to the prospec-
tive rental or sale or the identification of the property on which it

is located or to the products produced on the premises; and one or more
signs, not exceeding thee (3) square feet in area, warning against tres-
passing.

B.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	BUILDING SITE AREA REQUIRED:

The minimum building site area shall be one recorded lot or parcel of land
not less than one-half (1/2) acre in area for each one family dwelling.

D.	FRONT YARD REQUIRED:

No building shall be erected closer than fifty (50) feet to either the front
property line of the building site or the line of any future street as pro-
vided in Section 26 of the Zoning Ordinance or as shown upon any official
plan, or master plan of the City.

E.	SIDE YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten
(10) percent of the width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed
twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five (5) feet in width.

F.	REAR YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a rear yard of not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the
depth of the lot.

Section 4. Section 16, Chapter 24, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by
Section 1, Ordinance No. 513 is further amended to read as follows:

Section 16. R-1 (Single Family Residence) district regulations.

A.	USES PERMITTED:

1.	One family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in a permanent
location.

2.	The following agricultural uses:	Field crops, truck gardening, berry

or bush crops, tree crops, flower gardening, orchards, greenhouses for
purposes of propagation and culture when incidental to the residential
use of the property and not for commercial purposes.

3.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses, including the
office of a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar
profession, provided:

(a)	That such office is situated in the same dwelling unit as the home
of the occupant;

(b)	That such office shall not be used for the general practice of medi-
cine, surgery, dentistry, but may be used for consultation and em-
ergency treatment as an adjunct to a principal office;

(c)	That there shall be no assistants employed.