line nor less than twenty-five (25) feet from any other lot line nor
closer than twenty (20) feet to any dwelling on the same lot. An Ac-
cessory building as defined in the Planning Ordinance shall not exceed
50% of the square feet of the floor area of the dwelling unit constructed
on said property, without first obtaining a use permit therefor. Access-
ory living quarters, guest house or recreation room may be erected above
a private garage in accordance with the provisions of the Zoning Ordin-
ance.

5.	Name plates and signs: One name plate for each dwelling unit, not ex-

ceeding three (3) square feet in area, indicating the name of the oc-
cupant or permitted occupation; one single or double-faced sign not
exceeding twelve (12) square feet in area and located not nearer than
ten (10) feet to any street or highway, and pertaining only to the
prospective rental or sale or the identification of the property on
which it is located, or to the products produced on the premises; and
one or more signs, not exceeding three (3) square feet in area, warn-
ing against trespassing.

6.	Family day care home, as defined by the Child Welfare Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas, provided such facility is approved by the Child Wel-
fare Board, and meets all duly adopted standards for such facility.

7.	The following uses, upon the securing of a use permit in each case,
as provided in Section 28 of this Chapter:

(a)	Farms or ranches for grazing, breeding, raising or training horses
or cattle, but not including cattle or livestock feeding or sales
yards, provided the lot or parcel of land is not less than five
(5) acres in area.

(b)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches, public utilities and
services, radio broadcasting facilities.

(c)	Real estate offices, temporary only.

(d)	Home occupations as defined in Section 1 of this ordinance.

(e)	Day nursery, as defined by the Child Welfare Ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, provided such facility is approved by the Child Wel-
fare Board, and meets all duly adopted standards for such facility.

8.	The conditions under which domestic animals are kept shall be in compli-
ance with the rules, regulations or laws of the City and the Nevada

State Health Department.

B.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	BUILDING SITE AREA REQUIRED:

The minimum building site area shall be one recorded lot or shall consist of

a parcel of land not less than one (1) acre for each one family dwelling.

D.	FRONT YARD REQUIRED:

No building shall be erected closer than fifty (50) feet to either front
property line of the building site or the line of any future street as pro-
vided in Section 26 of this Chapter or as shown upon any official street
plan or master plan of the City.

E.	SIDE YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten
(10) percent of the width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed
twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five (5) feet in width.

F.	REAR YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a rear yard of not less then twenty-five (25) percent of the
depth of the lot.

SEction 3. Section 15, Chapter 24, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 is hereby
amended to read as follows:

Section 15. R-E (Residence Estate) district regulations.

A.	USES PERMITTED:

1.	One family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in a permanent

location, containing not more than one (1) kitchen, and used by but
one family.