f.	Any trailer coach to which are attached rigin water, gas or sewer pipes, provided, however,
that metal tubing may be used for water and gas connections if approved by the Plumbing inspector.

25.	No owner, occupant or other person having charge or control of any lot or tract of land
shall allow, suffer or permit any person to place, keep or maintain any trailer coach for living or
sleeping quarters or other purposes, contrary to this Ordinance, on any land, except in a duly licensed
Trailer Park or as specified herein.

26.	It shall be unlawful for any person to use, rent, lease, or cause to be used, rented or
leased, any trailer coach to any person to be used for business purposes, except in a licensed trailer
park located in a "C" or "M" zone, and provided further that the temporary use of a trailer coach on

a parcel of land not designated as a trailer park may be permitted for the use of a contractor engaged
in construction work on the same parcel of land.

27.	Unlawful Sale of Lots. It shall be unlawful for any person to sell or offer for sale any
lot or parcel of land for the express purpose of being tenanted by a trailer coach, except as specified
in a duly approved and recorded trailer park subdivision as required by the ordinances of the City.

28. Water - Every trailer park shall be served with an approved water distribution system which
shall supply an adequate supply of pure water to every trailer, with connection thereto on every
trailer site for use of the occupants thereof. Said supply system shall be installed so as to comply
with the provisions of the laws or ordinances governing such installation and as approved by the
Plumbing Inspector, together with the following requirements*

a.	Not less than two (2) water outlets shall be provided on every trailer site.

b.	All such water outlets shall be adapted to hose connections.

c.	Where water is obtained from wells or other than an approved water company line, one (1)
water sample per month shall be submitted to the Health Department laboratories for bacteriological
examination.

29.	Wash Racks. In every trailer park where automobiles or trailers are washed, or to be
washed, there may be installed a wash rack and no washing shall be done except on such wash rack.

All such wash racks shall be paved with a continuous concrete floor slab not less than fifteen (15)
feet by twenty-five (25) feet, four (4) inches thick and all portions thereof shall slope toward an
approved sand trap.

30.	Wheels. It shall be unlawful for any person in a trailer park to use or cause, or permit
to be used for occupancy any trailer coach for which a tire or wheel has been removed therefrom
except for the purpose of temporary repairs.

31.	Zoning. Subject to the provisions of this ordinance, trailer parks may be established and
maintained only in those certain zones as are specifically mentioned for trailer parks in the text
and maps of the Land Use Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas or its amendments and as specified therein
or approved for change under procedures therein set forth.

SECTION V.	TRAILER PARKS AND SITES - Without Cabanas - Any trailer park which is designed,

used, operated or maintained which will not allow the installation, construction or maintenance of
cabanas, ramadas or similar structures shall comply with the following minimum specifications in
addition to those listed above:

1.	Trailer Site Area - No trailer site intended to be used or designed as provided herein by
Section IV of this ordinance, shall contain less than twelve hundred fifty (1250) square feet of
ground area, and shall not be less than twenty-five (25) feet in minimum width measured at right
angles to the side lines thereof, and no lot shall be of a depth less than that herein required to
maintain a trailer coach.

2.	Location of Trailer

a.	No trailer coach shall be located closer than ten (10) feet from any building or another
trailer coach.

b.	No trailer coach and no building shall be located closer than five (5) feet from any rear
lot line of a trailer site or an interior property line of a trailer park.

c. No trailer coach and no building shall be located closer than twenty-five (25) feet from
the front property line of a trailer park, if, however, such front property line is within the future
width line of a street, as specified in the Land Use Ordinance, then said distance shall be measured
from the future width line of the proposed or existing public thoroughfare. No trailer coach and no
building should be located closer than fifteen (15) feet from the side property line of a trailer park.

3.	Buildings and Enclosures - Office rooms for the keeping of the required records and accessory
buildings for toilets, urinals, showers, slop sinks, laundries and garbage enclosures shall be con-
structed according to the requirements of the Building Code and ary other law or ordinance applicable,
except that one (l) metal manufactured cabana or trailer coach may be substituted for the required
office room, provided, however, that such cabana shall be entirely fireproof and meets all the re-
quirements of the building code. A building permit for the installation of a metal manufactured cabana
may be issued only if the trailer site on which it is to be installed has a minimum size and is lo-
cated in accordance with those requirements as specified in Section V of this ordinance, and provided
further that such location is approved by the Board of City Commissioners. In no case shall any

other habitable enclosure or tent be allowed, except as may be specified in Section IV of this ordinance.

SECTION VI	TRAILER PARKS AND SITES - With Cabanas

Any trailer park which is designed, used, intended to be used, or maintained that allows the
construction, installation or maintenance of trailer cabanas, ramadas or similar structures on each
trailer site shall comply with all the minimum requirements of this ordinance, except where stipulated
or specified herein this section then these specifications shall be the minimum required.

1.	Trailer Site Area - No trailer site designed or intended to be used as provided in this
section shall contain less than twenty hundred (2000) square feet of ground area, and shall not be
less than forty (40) feet in minimum width measured at right angles to the side lines thereof and no
lot shall be of depth less than that required to maintain a trailer coach.

2.	No trailer and/or cabana or ramada or other structure shall be located closer to a lot line,
driveway or property line or street, than those distances stipulated in Section V of this ordinance for