SECTION 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises
exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for
State and County taxation, hut such cost in excess of 50 % shall he borne by the City of Las Vegas and
paid out of the General Fund.

SECTION 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-Officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed
to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment
district, such relative portion of the whole sum to he levied in said district, as shall he proportionate
to the estimated benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

SECTION 7. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall
report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall he signed by him 
and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll which certificate shall he in the form 
prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said Board,
it shall he filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.



SECTION 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any
person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Monday,
the 3rd of May, 1954 at 8:00 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are
hereby fixed at the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-Officio
City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review
said assessment.



SECTION 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish
notice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments at
least once a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las
Vegas. Said notice shall he in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of
Commissioners and the Ex-Officion City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review
the assessments and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming
himself aggrieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any
assessment or description of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported
or as corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision,
or annul it and direct a new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an indorse-
ment upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall be
final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio
City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such
confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall
thereupon, without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto
his certificate of the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have
notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and
tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the
assessment and Assessment Roll.

SECTION 14. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirmation
and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special asses-
ments thereafter shall he and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until
paid.

SECTION 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer of
Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, within two weeks after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without
interest and without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the
election of the owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay
the whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said period of 2 weeks shall be conclusively considered
and held an election on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay
in such installments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be
payable at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of
principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st
day of June, 1955 and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or
before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all, cases on the unpaid
and deferred installments of principal from the 1st day of June, 1954 at the same rate of interest as
that provided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered,
but not to exceed seven per centum 7% per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-Officio City
Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of June, 1955
and the remainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of June
in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due,
shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately and the whole amount
of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum
per annum, until the day of sale, but any any time prior to the day of sale, the owner may pay the amount
of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at 10 per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued,
and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as

if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or

payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the
next interest paying date.

 Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on and against
the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio Assessor of
the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County
and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County
Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las

Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same

time as other State and County taxes are collected.