WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the fontage to be assessed have not filed written ob-
jections concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of said District, or the defraying of the
entire cost and expense by special assessments; and

WHEREAS, no objections suggestions, comments nor questions were made or raised at said protest
hearing; and

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the creation of said Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4, and now desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district in the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be called and designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-4, which
shall include all the lots, premises and property to their full depth, fronting, adjoining, and abutting
upon the following streets and parts of streets within the City of Las Vegas;

All of South 7th Street from a point 103.33 feet
south of the center line of Park Paseo to the
north property line of Franklin Avenue; all of
South 8th Street from a point 157 feet south of
the center line of Park Paseo to the north pro-
perty line of Franklin Avenue; all of Franklin
Avenue from the east tract line of Vega Verde
Addition to its intersection with South 7th Street;
all of South 9th Street from a point 108 feet north
of the center line of Franklin Avenue to its inter-
section with Franklin Avenue.

Section 2. That the streets and parts of streets hereinabove described shall be paved by grading
and constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and shall be curbed and guttered by constructing on
both sides of said streets and parts of streets, wherever said improvements are missing, including alley
approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown by the plots,
diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all incidental
expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensa-
tion properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments
made according to the frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially
benefited by such improvements and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said
improvements are deemed to be $17,769.65 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in that
amount.

Section 4. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or pre-
mises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll
for state and county taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and
paid out of the General Fund.

Section 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-
officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized
and directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land with such relative portion of the whole
amount to be levied as the length of front of such premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole
frontage of all the lots to be assessed; unless on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots an ass-
essment for a different number of feet would be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed
shall be	deemed to be 	the aggregate number of feet as determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

Section	6. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall

report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him
and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll, substantially in the manner prescrib-
ed by the Charter of said City.

Section	7. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said

Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

Section 8. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any
person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Wednesday,
the 20th day of December. 1950. at 3:30 o'clock, P.M.. at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place
are hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-officio
City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said
assessment.

Section 9. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish
notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments for at
least two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las
Vegas every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein, substantially in the manner pre-
scribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of
Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the
assessments and hear any objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself ag-
grieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or des-
cription of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or
said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct
a new assessment, in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

Section 11. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an
indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be substantially in the manner
prescribed by the Charter of said City.

Section 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall
be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-officio