SECTION 3. This ordinance shall he in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the next sec-
tion provided, and final passage.

SECTION 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ Reed Whipple

ATTEST:	Mayor Pro Tem

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 7th day of September, 1955 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Fountain
and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 19th
day of October, 1955 which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners that at said regular
meeting held on such day the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners and was adopt- 
ed by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Bunker, Fountain, Sharp & Mayor Pro Tem Whipple.

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	Mayor Baker

APPROVED:

/s/ Reed Whipple

ATTEST:	Mayor Pro Tem

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,	)

COUNTY OF CLARK,	)	ss.

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING
SUN, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one
week from October 24, 1955 to October 31 1955 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit:	October 24, 31 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of

the dates above named.

/s/ Richard Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of November, 1955

/s/ Barbara J. Greenspun

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Mar. 17, 1956.

ORDINANCE NO. 674

AN ORDINANCE TO PROHIBIT THE SALE OF AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS WITHIN THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN
PREVIOUSLY INSPECTED AND CLASSIFIED BY THE STATE QUARANTINE OFFICER; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION
THEREOF; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. No person, firm or corporation shall sell, or offer, or expose for sale, in the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, any nursery stock, eggs, dressed poultry, or other agricultural produces that,
by the laws of the State of Nevada are subject to inspection, grading, classification, or standardization
by the State Quarantine Officer, until same have been inspected, graded, classified, or standardized by the
State Quarantine Officer, or his legally authorized representative.

SECTION 2. Any person, firm, or corporation, importing or transporting any such nursery stock, eggs,
dressed poultry, or other agricultural products, into the City of Las Vegas for sale shall notify the Clark
County representative of the State Quarantine Officer immediately upon the arrival of same in Clark County.

SECTION 3. Whenever such nursery stock, eggs, dressed poultry, or other agricultural products shall
have been inspected, graded, classified, or standardized at the point of origin, by a legally qualified per-
son, and duly stamped, labelled, or certified by same, the Clark County representative of the State Quaran~
tine Officer may immediately release same for sale, providing that he finds no further need for inspection,
grading, classification or standardization.

SECTION 4. No perishable agricultural product shall be sold, offered or exposed for sale in the City
of Las Vegas which by inspection shows a serious amount of damage from any cause, including those set forth
and defined in the Grade Manual adopted by the State Quarantine Officer.

SECTION 5. Containers of all agricultural products shall not bear any marking, brand or designation of
quality such as "Extra Selected", "Selected", "Select", "Extra Fancy", "Fancy", "Choce", "Number One", or
similar superlative designations which imply a reasonably high quality unless the contents of the container
conform at least to the requirements of the United States Number One Grade, as defined in the Grade Manual
adopted by the Nevada State Quarantine Officer.

SECTION 6. Any violation of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed a misdemeanor and shall be
punished by a fine of not more than $500.00 an/or six (6) months in jail, or by any combination of such fine
and imprisonment, in addition to any other penalties which may be imposed by other Ordinances of the City.

SECTION 7. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and
final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ Reed Whipple

/s/ Shirley Ballinger City Clerk	Mayor