flammable or combustible, storage and sales rooms for combustible goods, paint stores without bulk handling.

Division 3. Aircraft hangars where no repair work is done except exchange of parts and maintenance;
requiring no open flame, welding, or the use of highly flammable liquids.

Division 4. Open parking garages.

For occupancy separations see Table No. 5-B.

For occupant load see Section 3301.

SECTION 2. There is hereby added a new section to Ordinance No. 526 to be designated as Section 1109
which shall read as follows"

Section 1109.	(a) Scope. Except where specific provisions are made in the following Subsections,

other requirements of this Code shall apply.

(b)	Definition. For the purpose of this Section, an open parking garage is a structure;
of Type I, II, or IV construction more than one tier in height which is at least 50 per cent open on two

or more sides and is used exclusively for the parking or storage of passenger motor vehicles having a
capacity of not more than nine persons per vehicle.

(c)	Construction. Construction shall be of incombustible materials. Open parking
garages shall meet the design requirements of Chapter 23. Adequate curbs and railings shall be provided
at every opening.

(d)	Area and Height. Area and height of open parking garages in Fire Zones Nos. 1,2,
and 3 shall be limited as set forth in Table No. 11-A except for increases allowed by Subsection (e).

(e) Area and Height Increases. Area of structures open on three sides may be increased
25 per cent and one tier in height. Areas of structure open on four sides may be increased 50 per cent
add one tier in height.

(f)	Location on Property. Open parking garages shall have exterior walls without open-
ings of the degree of fire resistance set forth in Table No. 11-B if located adjacent to interior property
likes.

(g)	Stairs and Exits. Where persons other than parking attendants are permitted, stairs
and exits shall meet the requirements of Chapter 33 based on an occupant load of two hundred square feet
(200 sq. ft.) per occupant. Where no persons other than parking attendants are permitted there shall be
not less than two stairs three feet (3') wide. Lifts may be installed for use of employees only, provided
they are completely enclosed by incombustible materials.

TABLE NO. 11-A - OPEN PARKING GARAGES AREA AND HEIGHT

TYPE	AREA	HEIGHT

Type I	Unlimited	Unlimited

Type II	75,000	per tier	7	stories,	8	tiers

Type 1V -	one hour	50,000	per tier	5	stories,	6	tiers

Type IV -	unprotected	30,000	per tier	3	stories,	4	tiers

TABLE NO. 11-B - OPEN PARKING GARAGES EXTERIOR WALLS
DISTANCE FROM

PROPERTY LINE	FIRE ZONE FIRE ZONE	FIRE ZONE

TO BUILDING	NO. 1	NO. 2	NO. 3

0' - 10’	2-hour	2-hour	1-hour

10' - 20’	1-hour	1-hour	None

(h)	Standpipes. Standpipes shall not be required.

(i)	Occupancy Separations. Occupancy separations shall be installed as required in
Chapter 5 between open parking garages and other occupancy such as sale of gasoline or oil.

(j)	Fire-Extinguishing Apparatus. At each stair and lift opening on each tier there
shall be provided one hand fire extinguisher of a size and content approved by the Fire Chief. Automatic
fire extinguishing systems shall be installed as specified in Chapter 38.

(k)	Enclosure of Vertical Openings. Enclosure shall not be required for vertical open-
ings except as specified in Subsection (g) for stairs, exits, and lifts.

(l)	Ventilation. Ventilation, other than the percentage of openings specified in Sub-
section (b), shall not be required.

(m)	Prohibitions. The following uses and alterations are not permitted:

1.	Automobile repair work.

2.	Sale of gasoline or oil.

3.	Parking of busses, trucks, and similar vehicles.

4.	Partial or complete closing of required openings in exterior walls by tarpaulins

or any other means.

(n)	Proviso. Notwithstanding the provisions of this ordinance elsewhere contained,
architectural approval of any open parking garage must first be obtained from the Board of Commissioners
before any permits will be issued.

SECTION 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and
final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall 
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 30th day of March, 1955 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Whipple
and Jarrett for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorable on said ordinance, as
amended, on the 6th day of April, 1955 which was the regular meeting held on said day, that at said
regular meeting held on said day the proposed ordinance was read in full, as amended, to the Board of City
Commissioners and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent: None

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk