SECTION 6. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolu-
tions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

SECTION 7. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the re-
maining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and
invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not
 affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 8. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet
the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise
 funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordin-
 ance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 9. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication thereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 2nd day of February, 1955.

(SEAL)	/s/ C.D. BAKER

Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:	Mayor Baker, Commissioner

Jarrett, Commissioner Sharp, Commissioner Whipple

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker

 Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:	None

 ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 2nd day of February, 1955.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

 COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

A.F. SCHELLACK, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW-

JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
Two (2) insertions from February 9, 1955 to February 16, 1955 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: February 9, 16, 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circu-
 lated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ A.F. SCHELLACK

Subscribed and sworn to before me this l6th day of February, 1955.

/s/ NEOLA GIERHART____________

Notary Public In And For Clark
County, Nevada

My Commission Expires April 14, 1957.