SECTION 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create, shall be designated
Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17, and shall include all the lots, premises and
property to the full depth of such, fronting^ adjoining and abutting on said streets and alleys and parts
of streets and alleys, and easements.

The boundaries of said proposed Assessment District are as follows:

All the property included in Blocks 2b, 25, 26, Valley View Addition. All of Block 21, Valley View
Addition, except Lots 6 and 7, All of Block 20, Valley View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7. All of Block
27, Valley View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7, All of Block 28, Valley View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7,
and all property included in the: following described boundary:	

From the northwest corner of the intersection of "H" Street (80 feet in width) with Washington Avenue 
(70 feet in width) which is the true point of beginning; thence westwardly along the northerly line of Wash-
ington Avenue a distance of 497.56 feet to a point; thence northwardly normal to the last described course
a distance of 110 feet to a point thence eastwardly, parallel to Washington Avenue a distance of 110 feet
to a point; thence northwardly, normal to Washington Avenue a distance of 189.35 feet to a point in the
south line of Adams Avenue; thence eastwardly along the south line of Adams Avenue a distance of 392.56
feet to the westerly line of "H" Street(80 feet in width); thence southwardly along the said westerly line
of "H” Street to the true point of beginning, all lying in the S½ of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 28, T20S,
R6lE, MDB&M, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada.



SECTION 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to
be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspec-
tion and examination.

SECTION 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City on
Wednesday, the 21st day of September, 1955, at the hour of 7.30 o’clock P.M., to hear and consider any sug-
gestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any mat-
ter relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be
filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed improvements or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said
notice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, and also by posting said notices in three public
places near the site of said proposed work.

SECTION 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolu-
tions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such Judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the re-
maining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and
invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall
not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

SECTION 10. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and
this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 8th day of September, 1955.

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and redd by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 17th day of August, 1955; and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Fountain
and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 8th
day of September, 1955; which was the recessed meeting held on the 8th day of September, 1955; and at said
meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first in- 
troduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None Absent:	None

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

COUNTY OF CLARK, ) ss.

A.F. SCHELLACK, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW-

JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
Two (2) insertions inclusive, from September 11, 1955 to September 18, 1955 Being the issues of said newspaper for the following 

dates, to-wit: September 11,18, 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ A.F. SCHELLACK

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of September, 1955.

/s/ NEOLA GIERHART

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires April l4, 1957.