(c)	The complete plan of the Park showing compliance with this Ordinance.

(d)	Plans and specifications of all buildings and other improvements constructed or to be corn
structed within the Trailer Park.

(e)	Such further information as may be required by the Health Department to enable it to deter-
mine if the proposed park will comply with legal requirements. The application and all ac-
companying plans and specifications shall be filed in triplicate. The Health Department,
the Inspector or Buildings and the local enforcing agencies shall investigate the applicant
and inspect the proposed plans and specifications.. If the applicant is found to be of
good moral character, and the proposed trailer park will be in compliance with all provi-
sions of this Ordinance and all other applicable Ordinances or Statutes, the Health Depart-
ment shall approve the application and upon completion of the park according to the plans,
shall permit the license to be issued by the proper licensing bureau. Upon application
for a transfer of the license, the Health Department shall issue a permit to transfer if
the law enforcing agencies shall report that the transferee is of good moral character.

SECTION 30:	VIOLATION AND PENALTY:	It shall be unlawful for any person to violate any provision

or to fail to comply with ary requirement of this ordinance. Any person violating any of the pro-
visions of this ordinance or failing to comply with any of its-mandatory provisions shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished ty a fine not to exceed Five Hundred
Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for a period of not to exceed six (6) months,
or by both such fine and imprisonment. Each such person shall be guilty of a separate offense for
each and every day during any portion of which a violation of any provision of this ordinance is
committed, continued, or permitted by such person.

SECTION 31:	All ordinances and/or parts-of ordinances inconsistent herewith, to the extent of such

inconsistency and no further, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 32:	If any section, subsection, sentence, clause, phrase, or portion of this ordinance is

for any reason held invalid or unconstitutional by any court of competent jurisdiction, such-holding
shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions thereof. The Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas hereby declares that they would have passed this ordinance and each section, subsection,
sentence, clause, phrase or portion thereof, irrespective of the fact that any one or more section, sub-
section, sentence, clause, phrase or portion thereof be declared invalid or unconstitutional.

SECTION 33:	EXISTING TRAILER PARKS:	One year from the date of this ordinance the issuance of a license

to a now existing trailer park will depend on evidence of progressive physical compliance with this or-
dinance and on full compliance within three (3) years; and upon the failure to comply, any existing
trailer park shall be abated as a nuisance as provided by law.

SECTION 34:	The City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to have this Or-

dinance published in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in Las Vegas, Nevada,
once a week for two successive weeks.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	C. D. Baker_______________________

Mayor

Shirley Ballinger_____________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 6th day of August, 1952, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Peccole
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the-
20th day of October, 1952, which was a special meeting called for that purpose; that at said special
meeting held on the 20th day of October, 1952, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of
Commissioners as revised and amended, and adopted ty the following vote:

Voting "Aye”:	Commissioners Jarrett, Peccole, 'Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	Commissioner Bunker

C. D. Baker

ATTEST:	Mayor

Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) 

A. F. Schellack, being first duly sworn, deposes and syas:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of eight (8) insertions from October 26th to November 2nd, 1952, inclusive, being the
issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:

October 26th and November 2nd, 1953

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates.

Signed A. F. Schellack

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of November, 1953.

s/ Neola Gierhart

My Commission Expires April l4, 1954.	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada