A.	15 miles per hour

(1)	When passing a school building or the grounds thereof, contiguous to the street
or highway while children are going to or leaving such school during opening

or closing hours or during the noon recess period. Such prima facie limit
also shall apply when passing any school grounds which are not separated from
the street or highway by a fence, gate or any other physical barrier, while
such grounds are in use by children.

(2)	When traversing a grade crossing of a steam, electric, or any other motor rail-
way, if during the last 100 feet of the approach to such crossing the driver
does not have a clear and unobstructed view of such crossing and of any traffic
on such railway for a distance of 400 feet in both directions along such rail-
way. This subdivision shall apply in the case of any railway grade crossing
where a human flagman is on duty or clearly visible electrical or mechanical
railway crossing signal device is installed but does not then indicate the
immediate approach of a railway train or car.

(3)	When traversing any intersection of a street or highway if during the last 100
feet of his approach to such intersection the driver does not have a clear and
unobstructed view of such intersection and of any traffic upon all of the
street or highway entering such intersection for a distance of 100 feet along
all such street or highway, except on a through street or highway or at a
traffic controlled intersection.

B.	25 Miles per hour on all streets and highways unless a different speed limit is
posted as set forth in this ordinance or as provided in subsections A and C of
this section.

C.	35 miles per hour when signs are erected giving notice thereof, upon those streets
or highways or portions thereof described in the following schedule:

(1)	ON SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE for its entire length in the City.

(2)	ON FREMONT STREET, commonly known as Boulder Highway, beginning at Atlantic
Avenue east to the east City Limits.

SECTION 2. Any person violating the provisions of Section 1 of this ordinance
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine
of not more than five hundred ($500.00) dollars, and/or six (6) months in the City Jail,
or by a combination of both such fine and imprisonment.

SECTION 3. Chapter 36, Section 42, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, as last
amended by Section 1, Ordinance No. 653, is hereby further amended to read as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any person, while either intoxicated or under the
influence of intoxicating liquor, or of stimulating or stupefying drugs, to
drive, or conduct any vehicle or have charge or control of any vehicle, on
any public street or alley within the City of Las Vegas. Any person who
shall violate the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not less than One
Hundred Dollars ($100.00), nor more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or
by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six months or by both
such fine and imprisonment, and in addition thereto, the person so convicted
shall be deprived of his license to operate a motor vehicle within the City
for a period of not less than 30 days or more than one year. Upon a subse-
quent conviction for a like offense, the person so convicted shall be pun-
ished by a fine of not less than One Hundred Dollars ($100.00), nor more
than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), and by imprisonment in the City Jail
for not less than ten (10) days nor more than six (6) months, and he shall
be deprived of his license to operate a motor vehicle within the City for
a period of two (2) years.

SECTION 4. In any criminal prosecution for a violation of this ordinance relat-
ing to driving a vehicle while under the influence of intoxicating liquor, the amount
of alcohol in the defendant's blood at the time alleged as shown by chemical analysis
of the defendant's blood, urine, breath or other bodily substance shall give rise to
the following presumptions:

(a)	If there was at that time 0.05 percent or less by weight of alcohol in
the defendant's blood, it shall be presumed that the defendant was not under
the influence of intoxicating liquor.

(b)	If there was at that time in excess of 0.05 percent, but less than 0.15
percent by weight of alcohol in the defendant's blood, such fact shall not give
rise to any presumption that the defendant was or was not under the influence
of intoxicating liquor, but such fact may be considered with other competent
evidence in determining the guilt or innocence of the defendant.