*(Insert "A" or "B" as well as the number of the coupon.)

**(Insert in all coupons (except No. 1) maturing on and after one year from date on each bond.)

( Coupon Form )

(For Bonds 171 Through 340, Inclusive)

(A)	$ 22.50

(B)	37.50

(C)	3.90

(D)	6.50

No. *

On the first day of July, 1953, **(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has been
called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the bearer
hereof the sum of

(A)	Twenty Two and Fifty One Hundredths Dollars

(B)	Thirty Seven and Fifty One Hundredths Dollars

(C)	Three and Ninety One Hundredths Dollars

(D)	Six and Fifty One Hundredths Dollars

in lawful money of the United States of America, out of a special fund designated the "Assessment District
No. 100-16 Street Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," or in the event said fund shall be in-
sufficient therefor out of its general fund, at the offices of the City Treasurer of said City, being one
year’s interest on its "Assessment District No. 100-16 Street Improvement Bond, Series of July 1, 1952,"
and bearing No.

(Facsimile Signature)

Mayor

(Facsimile Signature)

City Treasurer

(Facsimile Signature)

(A)(B) (Insert as amount of "A" coupons for bonds in denomination of $600.00 and $1,000.00,
respectively.)

(C)(D) (insert as amount of "B" coupons for bonds in denomination of $600.00 and $1,000.00,
respectively.)

* (Insert "A" or "B" as well as the number of the coupon*)

** (Insert in all coupons (except No. 1) maturing on and after one year from date on each bond.)

Section 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer in the City of
Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the purchase price. The funds
realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to defray the cost and expense of making said
improvements, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application by
said City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

Section 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are, authorized and
directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance, in-
cluding, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the execution of
such certificates as may reasonably be required by the purchasers thereof, relating, inter alia, to the
signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the amounts certified on the
assessment roll together with the amount of cash payments, the accuracy of property descriptions, the
receipt of the assignable certificates and the delivery of the bonds, and the absence of litigation pend-
ing or threatened affecting the validity of the bonds.

Section 7. That after said street improvement bonds are issued, this ordinance shall be and
remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest thereon shall be fully paid, certified and discharged,
as herein provided.

Section 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance, are hereby repealed. This repealer shall not be construed to revive any ordinance,
nor resolution, or part thereof, heretofore repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, inpair or inval-
idate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific
sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the in-
applicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or
more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance
in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to improve said streets; therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and
that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be. published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this or-
dinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED THIS 6th day of August, 1952.



s/ Reed Whipple________________________

Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)