(g) No pull chain lighting fixture shall he installed within eight (8) feet of accessible water
piping.

(h) Any walk in closet of more than twenty (20) square feet area shall have a light fixture.
SECTION 11-E. GENERAL

(a)	Each motor (|r HP and over) shall be provided with a disconnecting device and must have a ther-
al protection service.

(b)	All direct burial cable shall be buried not less than two (2) feet, with six (6) inches of
sand or screened earth above and below the conductors, and must be inspected before backfilling.

(c)	All toggle switches and receptacles installed on the exterior of any building and exposed
to the weather shall be weather proof.

(d)	All concealed low voltage wiring (eg. communication circuits, control circuits, fire alarm
circuits, public address systems, remote control circuits, etc.) in any commercial building shall be
in approved raceways.

(e)	Trailer parks (20 spaces or less) shall be wired for a minimum thirty (30) amperes at one

hundred and twenty (120) volt capacity per trailer at 100$ demand factor. Parks of more than twenty

(20) spaces shall be wired for thirty (30) amperes at one hundred and twenty (120) volts per trailer
with 80$ demand factor.

(f)	At least one (l) telephone outlet shall be required for each residence.

SECTION 2. Section 12 of Ordinance 610 is hereby amended to read as follows:

SECTION 12.

Notice of Inspection. Upon the completion of the installation of any electrical wiring,
fixtures, appliances, or apparatus in or on any building, it shall be the duty of the person doing
the work to notify the EI, who shall inspect the same within twenty-four (24) hours, and if approved,
there shall be issued a certificate of final electrical inspection which shall contain the date of such inspec-
tion and an outline of the result. It shall be unlawful for any person to turn on or connect the

current with such installation until such certificate shall be issued; and it shall be also unlawful
to make any change, alteration or extension in or to the installation of any electrical wiring, fix-
tures, or appliances or apparatus, in or on any building after final electrical inspection, without
notifying the EI and securing a permit to do so except for emergency repair work as herein noted.

When any part of a wiring installation is to be concealed by the permanent placement of
parts of the building, the person performing the electrical installation shall notify the Electrical
Inspector at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to such proposed concealment and such parts shall not
be concealed until they have been inspected and approved by the Electrical Inspector; provided that on
large installations where the concealment of parts of the wiring proceeds continuously, the person in-
stalling the wiring shall give the Electrical Inspector due notice as above specified, and inspections
shall be made periodically during the progress of the work. The Electrical Inspector shall have the
authority to remove or to require the removal of any obstruction that prevents proper inspection of
any electrical equipment or installation.

SECTION 3. Section l6 of Ordinance 6l0 is hereby amended to read as follows:

No person, firm or corporation shall engage in the installation, maintenance, alterations, re-
pair or construction of any electrical work, wiring devices, fixtures, appliances or equipment inside
or outside of any building either by himself or his agents or employees unless he holds an EC license
and he or one of his employees holds a ME Certificate issued by the City of Las Vegas, except work
done for and on the property of the United States of America, the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, any public utility, light and power, telephone or telegraph company.

SECTION 4. There is hereby added a new section to immediately follow Section l6 of Ordinance 610
to be designated Section l6-A, which shall read as follows:

Owner's Permit. Any permit required by this ordinance may be issued to any person to do any con-
struction or work regulated by this ordinance in a single family dwelling used exclusively for living
purposes including the usual accessory buildings and quarters in connection with such buildings in the e-
vent that any such person is the bona fide owner of any such dwelling and accessory buildings and quar-
ters, and that the same are occupied by or designed to be occupied by said owner, provided that said
owner shall personally purchase all material and shall personally perform all labor in connection there-
with.

SECTION 5. Any person who shall fail to comply with any of the provisions of this ordinance shall
upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not less than $25.00 nor more than $500.00 for each
offense and/or imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months, and by any combination
of such fine and imprisonment.

SECTION 6. If any section, sub-section, sentence, clause or phrase of this ordinance, is for any
reason held to be unconstitutional, such decision shall not affect the validity of the remaining por-
tions of this ordinance. The Mayor and Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby declares that it would have passed this ordinance and each section, sub-
section, sentence, clause or phrase thereof, irrespective of the fact that any one or more sections,
sub-sections, sentences, clauses, or phrases be declared unconstitutional.

SECTION 7. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 8. This ordinance shall take effect 60 days after its adoption as provided in Section
30, Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

	/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the l8th day of May 1955, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker
and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorable on said ordinance on
the 6th day of July, 1955, which was the regular meeting held on the 6th day of July, 1955 and at
said regular meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Com-
missioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote;

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Voting "Nay":	None Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk