PARCEL NO. 2

All of the right of way property of U. S. Highway 93-95-466 which is situate in Section 1, Township 21
South, Range 6l East of Mount Diablo Base and Meridian (Sec. 1, T21S, R6lE, M.D.B.&M.) and Section 6,
Township 21 South, Range 62 East, of Mount Diablo Base and Meridian (Sec. 6, T21S, R62E, M.D.B.&M.), all
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and more particularly described as follows:

Commencing at the Northwest corner of Section 1, Township 21 South, Range 6l East,

Mount Diablo Base and Meridian, hereafter referred to as Section 1; thence South
89°49' East, a distance of 661.6 feet to the true point of beginning, which point
is the intersection of the Southwest right of way line of U.S. Highway 93-95-466
hereinafter referred to as "the highway," said right of way at this place being
100 feet with the north line of the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section 1;
thence South 42°27' East along said right of way line, a distance of 1023.5 feet,
more or less, to a point where the right of way is increased to 200 feet; thence
continuing South 42° 27' East, a distance of 6350 feet, more or less, to the point
of intersection of said right of way line with the South line of the Southwest
one-quarter (SW¼) of Section 6, Township 21 South, Range 62 East, M.D.B.&M., here-
inafter referred to as "Section 6"; thence East along said South line of the SW¼ of
Section 6, a distance of 271 feet more or less, to the point of intersection of
said South line of the Southwest one-quarter of Section 6 with the Northeast
right of way of the said highway, said right of way at this point being 200 feet;
thence North 42°27' West along said right of way line, a distance of 6720 feet, more
or less, to the point of intersection of said right of way line with the West line
of the Northeast one-quarter (NE¼) of the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section 1,
the same line as and hereinafter referred to as the East line of Atlantic Street;
thence South along said East line of Atlantic Street 135.9 feet, more or less to the
point of intersection of said East line of Atlantic Street, with the Northeast right
of way line of said highway, said right of way at this point being reduced to 100 feet;
thence North 42°27' West along said right of way line 795.4 feet, more or less, to the
point of intersection of said right of way line with the north line of the Northwest
one-quarter (NW¼) of said Section 1; thence North 89°49' West along said North line of
the Northwest one-quarter (NW¼) of Section 1, 127.2 feet to the true point of beginning.

Containing 31.5 acres, more or less.

TOGETHER with the tenements, property and inhabitants within each of said parcels of real property
and each of said parcels of real property is hereby declared to be a part of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 2. Each of said parcels of real property, together with the tenements and inhabitants
thereof, shall be subject to all of the laws applicable to the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. The City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas is hereby instructed to prepare a plat of
each of said territories described in Section 1 of this Ordinance and to file the same for record in
the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada.

SECTION 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final, passage and publication
as in the next section provided.

SECTION 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

/s/ C. D. BAKER______________

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 17th day of November, 1954 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said
Ordinance on the 1st day of December, 1954, which was the regular meeting held on the 1st day of December,

1954, that at said regular meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the
Board of Commissioners and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	Commissioner Bunker

APPROVED:

/s/ C. D. RAKER_______________

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

County of Clark)

STATE OF NEVADA) ss.

RICHARD LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas Morning Sun
a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two weeks
from December 8, 1954 to December 15, 1954 inclusive, being the Issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: December 8, 15, 1954. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
dates above named.

Signed Richard Lochrie______

Subscribed and sworn to before me this l6th
day of December, 1954.

/s/ BARBARA J. GREENSPUN	

Notary Public in and for
Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Mar. 17, 1956