a trailer coach, provided, however, that no trailer cabana, ramada or other similar structure shall be
located closer than twenty (20) feet from any other cabana, ramada or trailer on another trailer site.

3. Buildings and Enclosures - All buildings and enclosures shall comply with those requirements
as specified in Sections IV, V and VI of this ordinance.

4. Cabanas

a.	Location - Every cabana shall be designed and erected as a free-standing structure, and
shall not be permanently attached to or become a permanent part of any trailer coach. Trailer coaches
shall not be a physical part of any cabana. Cabanas may be attached to a trailer with appropriate
flashing or sealing materials to provide a weather seal. No cabana shall be constructed, placed or
maintained on more than one side of a trailer coach. As used herein side includes end.

b.	Protection Against Elements - Every cabana shall be so constructed and maintained as to
provide shelter to the occupants against the elements and to exclude dampness in inclement weather.

The materials used in the construction of a cabana shall be of substantial and approved stock. Every
cabana shall have an approved floor of wood, masonry or concrete. Schedules of weights of materials,
safe allowable unit stresses and formulas for computing stresses shall be of standard recognized practice.

c.	Designs.

1.	Portable design - Prefabricated portable or demountable cabanas deviating from standard stud
frame construction or designed and constructed of materials deviating in any manner from standard

stud frame construct!cm shall admit of a rational analysis in accordance with established principles
of mechanics.

2.	Permanent Design - The construction of permanent cabanas shall adhere to standard practices
and materials of appropriate wood frame or masonry types of construction. Any design and construction
not consistent with provisions of this part may be approved if it can be demonstrated that such deviations
are equivalent to the construction requirements of this ordinance.

d. Height - The height of a cabana shall not exceed one story nor thirteen (13) feet at the
highest point above the actual adjoining ground level. No architectural appurtenances shall extend
more than thirty (30) inches above or beyond the building at any point.

e.	Area - A cabana shall consist of one room only having a superficial area of not less than
eighty (80) square feet excluding a private toilet or bath compartment. No cabana shall exceed twelve
(12) feet in width and shall be no greater in length than the trailer coach it serves, except for the
private toilet or bath compartment. No part of such room shall be enclosed or subdivided wholly or in
part by a curtain, fixed or movable partition or other contrivance or device for any purpose contrary
to the provisions of this ordinance.

f. Ceiling Height Permanent Cabana - A permanent cabana shall have a clear ceiling height of
eight (8) feet from the finished floor to the finished ceiling or if there is no finished ceiling, to
the roof, provided however, that if the ceiling roof is sloped, the minimum ceiling height is required
in only on-half (1/2) of the sloping ceiling area. At no point shall the ceiling height be less than
seven (7) feet in any portion of the room.

g.	Dimensions, Portable Cabana - A portable or demountable cabana may have a minimum clear
ceiling height of seven (7) feet six (6) inches from the finished floor to the finished ceiling, or

if there is no finished ceiling, to the roof, provided, however, that if the ceiling or roof is sloped,
the minimum ceiling height is required in only one-half (1/2) of the sloping ceiling area; provided
further that the minimum superficial floor area shall be not less than eighty (80) square feet. At
no point shall the ceiling height be less than six (6) feet six (6) inches in any portion of the room.

h.	Window Area - Every cabana shall be provided with one (1) or more windows having an aggregate
area of not less than one-fourth (l/4) of the floor area. Windows shall be arranged so as to properly
light all portions of the room; at least one-half (1/2) of the required window area shall be arranged

to open. No required windows shall be less than six (6) square feet in area. Toilet or bath com-
partment windows shall comply with the provisions herein.

i.	Door - At least one (1) door opening shall be provided which shall not be less than thirty
(30) inches in width, nor less than six (6) feet Vo (2) inches in height.

J. Cooking Prohibited - Cabanas shall be used for living purposes only. Cooking within cabanas
shall not be permitted. Cooking appliances, including hot plates, shall be installed in cabanas. No
portion of such a cabana shall contain kitchen equipment such as sinks or similar equipment.

k.	Plans - An approved set of plans and a copy of the permit shall be kept on the site until
the City Building Inspector has made a final inspection.

l. Wood Framing Studs - Wood studs shall be not less than two (2) inches by four (4) inches
spaced sixteen (l6) inches on centers or equivalent to carry wall and roof loads.

m.	Angle Bracing - Each wooden stud wall shall be thoroughly and effectively angle braced at
each corner except that diagonal sheathing or other membrane of comparable strength and rigidity may be
used for angle bracing.

n.	Floor Joists and Clearance - If wooden floor joists are used they shall be not less than two

(2)	inch by six (6) inch material spaced at not more than sixteen (16) inches on centers. Every span of
wooden floor joists shall be cross bridged with cross bridging of not less than two (2) inch by three

(3)	inch material at intervals of not more than eight (8) feet apart. A bearing partition, wall, girder
or other support under the joists that is blocked solid over its top between the joists and blocked out
not less than two (2) inches thick, the full depth of the joists shall have a clear air space of eighteen
(18) inches measured from the ground beneath up to the bottom of the joists. The area under the floor
shall be kept clean and free of debris and rubbish. The area shall be enclosed and provided with suffi-
cient screened openings to assure adequate cross ventilations. The minimum total area of ventilated
openings shall be proportioned on the basis of two (2) square feet for each twenty-five (25) linear

feet or major fraction thereof of exterior wall. A wood floor may be laid directly on moisture proof
masonry slabs.