e.	See that all required electric limits are kept lighted as provided in this ordinance.

f.	See that garbage is drained and wrapped and deposited in garbage cans as required by this or

any other ordinance and see that all such garbage cans are collected, cleaned and redistributed as re-
quired by any ordinance of the City of Las Vegas.	

g.	Not permit any domestic animal in said camp unless said animal is kept on a leash and in
compliance with this ordinance.

h.	Report promptly to the proper authorities any violation on the law.

i.	Post in a conspicuous location in the trailer park, a copy of this Ordinance and any other
rules and regulations of the trailer park not in conflict with this Ordinance.

SECTION VII.	SUSPENSION OF PROVISIONS OR REQUIREMENTS

A suspension of any requirement of this ordinance may be granted by the Board of City Commissioners
in a particular case upon the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment. Application for such suspen-
sion must show that there are special circumstances or conditions affecting the property in question and
that a suspension will not be materially detrimental to the public welfare or injurious to property
within the area.

SECTION IX It shall be unlawful for any person to violate any provision or to fail to comply
with any requirements of this ordinance. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance
or failing to comply with any of its mandatory provisions shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine not to exceed Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars, or by im-
prisonment in the City Jail for a period of not to exceed Six (6) months, or by both such fine and im-
prisonment. Each such person shall be guilty of a separate offense for each and every day during any
portion of which a violation of any provision of this ordinance is committed, continued or permitted by
such person.

SECTION X	Ordinance No. 507 except as it may concern non-conforming uses as provided

in Section IV, Paragraph 9 of this ordinance, and all other ordinances or parts of ordinances incon-
sistent herewith, to the extent of such inconsistency and no further, are hereby repealed.

SECTION XI	If any section, subsection, sentence, clause, phrase or portion of this ordi-

nance is for any reason held invalid or unconstitutional by any court of competent jurisdiction, such
holding shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions thereof. The Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas hereby declare that they would have passed this ordinance and irrespective of
the fact that any one or more section, subsection, sentence, clause, phrase or portion thereof be de-
clared invalid or unconstitutional.

SECTION XII The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 5th day of September, 1956, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Fountain and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordi-
nance on the 17th day of October, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on said day, that as said
regular meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners
as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

Voting "Nay": None	Absent:	None

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ C. D.	BAKER,Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

RICHARD LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING
SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from October 21, 1956 to October 	28, 1956 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for

the following dates, to-wit:	October 21, 28, 1956. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circu-

lated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ RICHARD LOCHRIE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of November, 1956

/s/ LILLIAN D. LANE

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission expires July 30, 1958