with interest thereon at ten per centum (10%) per annum, and all penalties accrued, and
shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same
manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as
to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal
with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax
roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County
Assessor of Clark County, Acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend
the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County
Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector
of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all
in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when
 collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assess-
ment District No. 100-35 Bond Interest and Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all
times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of
the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter author-
ized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense
of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements
 for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any other purpose until
said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved,
said Ex-Officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-
Officio City Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment roll, by United States of
America Mail, that an assessment has been levied against said person and the designated
property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-35 and shall state there-
in when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this
Ordinance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas and the officers of said City,
directed toward the improving of East Charleston Boulevard by the laying of oil bound
gravel pavement thereon, and by constructing on both sides thereof concrete curbs and
gutters and concrete valley gutters wherever necessary, and installing sidewalks and
street lighting along the same in the said Street Improvement Assessment District No.
100-35, toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special
assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified, ap-
proved and confirmed.

SECTION 19. That any provision of Ordinance 752 and all by-laws, orders, reso-
lutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, in
conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of
this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment
shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but
shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts
of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and
invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or
more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity
of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 21. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las
Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabi-
tants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets,
therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance
is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
 City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week fro two succes-
sive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the* Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become ef-
 fective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 22nd day of January, 1958.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY LODWICK,	City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Voting "Nay":	none	Absent:	None

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY LODWICK,	City	Clerk	C. D. BAKER,	Mayor