SECTION 31.

If any section sub-section, sentence, clause or phrase of this Ordinance if for any reason held to be
unconstitutional, such decision shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of this
Ordinance. The Mayor and B of CC of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
hereby declares that it would have passed this Ordinance and each section, sub-section, sentence,
clause or phrase thereof, irrespective of the fact than any one or more sections, sub-sections,
sentences, clauses or phrases be declared unconstitutional.

SECTION 32.

Repeal. Ordinance No. 306 and all Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith, are
hereby repealed.

SECTION 33.

This ordinance shall be in full force and effect one week after its adoption as provided
in Section 30, Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Shirley Ballinger	C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 3rd day of March, 1954 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Bunker and Sharp for recommendation; therefore, the said Committee reported favorably on the
2nd day of June, 1954 which was a regular meeting of the said Board of City Commissioners; that
at said regular meeting held on the 2nd day of June, 1954 the proposed Ordinance was read in
full to the Board of City Commissioners as amended and adopted by the following vote:

Those voting Aye:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, 'Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker.

Those voting Nay:	none	Absent: none

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Shirley Ballinger	C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK)

A. F. Schellack, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

REVIEW JOURNAL, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas in

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said

newspaper for a period of seven insertions from February 23, 1954 to March 2, 1954 inclusive

being the issued of said newspaper for the following dates to-wit: February 23,24,25,26,28; March 1, 2,

1954. That said newspaper was regularly published, issued and circulated on each of the dates

above named.

Signed:	A. F. Schellack _________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of March, 1954.

Neola Gierhart____________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.