be paid out of the City’s general fund.

Said special assessments made and levied to defray said cost, with accruing interest thereon,
constitute a lien upon and against the property upon which such assessments were made and levied from and
after the 13th day of June. 1952, the date upon which the assessment roll therefor was confirmed and approv-
ed by the Board of Commissioners of said City.

It is hereby certified, recited and declared that all acts, conditions and things essential to
the validity of the bond exist, have happened and have been done in due time, form and manner as required
by law, and that the total issue of said improvement bonds of said City for said improvements and inciden-
tal expenses, including this bond, does not exceed the amount authorized by law nor the special assessments
levied to cover the cost of said improvements.

It is hereby further certified, recited, and declared that the proceedings, with reference to
making such improvements and levying the assessments to pay therefor, have been regularly had and taken in
compliance with law, and that all prerequisites to the fixing of the assessment lien against the property
benefited by the improvements and of the personal liability of the owner or owners of such property there-
for have been performed.

This bond is subject to the condition, and every holder hereof by accepting the same agrees with
the obligor and every subsequent holder hereof, that (A) the delivery of this bond to any transferee shall
vest title in this bond and in the interest coupons attached hereto in such transferee to the same extent
for all purposes as would the delivery under like circumstances of any negotiable instrument payable to
bearer; (B) the obligor and any agent of the obligor may treat the bearer of this bond as the absolute
owner hereof for all purposes, and shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary; (C) the principal
of and the interest on this bond shall be paid, and this bond and each of the coupons appertaining thereto
are transferable, free from and without regard to any equities between the obligor and the original or
any intermediate holder hereof, or any set-offs or cross-claims; and (D) the surrender to the obligor or
any agent of the obligor of this bond and each of the coupons shall be a good discharge to the obligor for
the same.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, has caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor
countersigned by its City Treasurer, and its corporate seal to be affixed hereto and attested and counter-
signed by its City Clerk, and the annexed coupons to bear the facsimile signatures of said officials, and
this bond to be dated as of the first day of July, 1952.

(Do Not Sign)

Mayor

Countersigned:

(SEAL)

(Do Not Sign)

Attested and	City Treasurer

Countersigned:

(Do Not Sign)

City Clerk

(Coupon Form)

(For Bonds 1 through 140, inclusive)

(A)	$ 14.88

(B)	16.00

(C)	40.00

(D)	1.49

(E)	1.60

(F)	4.00

NO.*________

On the first day of July, 1953 **(unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has been
called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the bearer
hereof the sum of

(A)	Fourteen and Eighty-eight One Hundredths Dollars

(B)	Sixteen Dollars

(C)	Forty Dollars

(D)	One and Forty Nine One Hundredths Dollars

(E)	One and Sixty One Hundredths Dollars

(F)	Fourth Dollars

in lawful money of the United States of America, out of a special fund designated the "Assessment District
No. 100-17 Street Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption Fund,” or in the event said fund shall be in-
sufficient therefor out of its general fund, at the offices of the City Treasurer of said City, being one
year's interest on its "Assessment District No. 100-17 Street Improvement Bond, Series of July 1, 1952,"
and bearing No. _________

(Facsimile Signature)

Mayor

(Facsimile Signature)
City Treasurer

(Facsimile Signature)

City Clerk

(A)(B)(C) (Insert as amount of "A" coupons for bonds in denomination of $371.88, $400.00 and
$1,000.00 respectively.)

(D)(E)(F) (insert as amount of "B" coupons for bonds in denomination of $371*88, $1*00*00 and
$1,000.00 respectively.)

*( Insert "A" or. "B" as well as the number of the coupon.

**(Insert in all coupons (Except No. 1) maturing on and after one year from date on each bond.)

(Coupon Form)

(For Bonds l4l through 280, Inclusive)