notice to the parties in interest, and decide the same within a reasonable time. Upon the hearing any party
may appear in person or by agent or by attorney.

(5)	The Board may, in conformity with the provisions of this ordinance, reverse or affirm, wholly or
partly, or modify, the order, requirement, decision, or determination appealed from and may make such order,
requirement, decision, or determination as ought to be made, and to that end shall have all the powers of
the Administrative Agent.

(6) The Board shall make written findings of fact and conclusions of law giving the facts upon which it
acted and its legal conclusions from such facts in reversing, or affirming, or modifying any order, require-
ment, decision, or determination which comes before it under the provisions of this ordinance.

(7)	The concurring vote of a majority of the members of the Board shall be sufficient to reverse any
order, requirement, decision, or determination of the Administrative Agent, or to decide in favor of the
applicant on any matter upon which it is required to pass under this ordinance, or to affect any variation
in this ordinance.

SECTION 10. Administrative Agency. The Supervisor of Building and Safety of the City of Las Vegas, or other
head of the Building Department, is hereby designated the administrative agent charged with the duty of
administering and enforcing the regulations herein prescribed. The duties of the Administrative Agent shall
include that of hearing and deciding all permits under Section 1, but the Administrative Agent shall not
have or exercise any of tie powers or duties herein delegated to the Board of Adjustment. The administrative
agent may call upon the Chief Engineer, Air Installation Office, NAFB, for assistance in performing his
duties.

SECTION 11. Board of Adjustments.

The Board of Adjustments created under Ordinance No. 384 of the City of Las Vegas shall:

(a)	Hear and decide appeals from any order, requirement, decision, or determination made by the
administrative agent in the enforcement of this ordinance.

(b)	Hear and decide special exceptions to the terms of this ordinance upon which such board may be
required to pass by subsequent ordinances;

(c)	Hear and decide specific variances under Section 7.

SECTION 12. Judicial Review. Any person aggrieved, or taxpayer affected, by any decision of the Board of
Adjustment, or the City Commissioners of Las Vegas, may appeal to the courts of Nevada, as provided in
Section 22 of Chapter 205 of the Public Laws of Nevada, 1947.

SECTION 13. Penalties. Each violation of this ordinance or of any regulation, order, or ruling promulgated
hereunder shall be punishable by a fine of not more than $100.00 or imprisonment for not more than 90 days,
or both such fine and imprisonment, and each day a violation continues shall be a separate offense. Nothing
herein contained shall be deemed to take away any power the State Legislature has given to obtain an
injunction.

SECTION l4. Conflicting Regulations. Where this ordinance imposes a greater or more stringent restriction
upon the use of land than is imposed or required by any other ordinance or regulation, the provisions of
this ordinance shall govern.

SECTION 15. Severability. If any of the provisions of this ordinance or the application thereof to any
person or circumstances is held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of
the ordinance which can be given effect without the invalid provision or application, and to this end the
provisions of this ordinance are declared to be severable.

SECTION 16. Effective Date. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and
adoption, and final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 17. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners shall cause this ordinance to be published
once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

s/ Shirley Ballinger	a/ C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
5th day of May, 1954 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Jarrett and Sharp
for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 15th day
of September, 1954 which was the regular meeting held on said day, and at said regular meeting held on
said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first introduced and
adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye:" Commissioners Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker.

Voting "Nay:" none	Absent:	Commissioner Bunker

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

s/ Shirley Ballinger	s/ C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION