(a)	Every permit granted under the authority hereof shall expire at the termination of the solici-
tation period specified on the permit, not to exceed ninety days from date of issuance.

(b)	A separate permit is required for each program of solicitation.

SECTION 9. FEE FOR CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS PERMIT. Before a permit is issued, there shall be paid
to the City Clerk the sum of $25.00 for a permit fee.

SECTION 10. BOND. At the time of filing an application for a permit, the applicant shall file and
thereafter maintain with the city, if said permit is granted, a good and sufficient bond in aggregate
sum of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000.00) running to the City of Las Vegas for the use and benefit of in-
terested persons and parties, executed by the applicant and by two or more responsible sureties, or a
surety company authorized to do business in the State of Nevada. Said bond shall be conditioned upon the
strict compliance of the principal with the provisions of this ordinance and the payment of any pecuniary
loss sustained, through any act, fraud or theft on the part of the principal, by any donor, or by any per-
son on whose behalf the funds or personal property were solicited or received by the principal.

SECTION 11. COMINGLING OF FUNDS PROHIBITED. No promoter shall comingle any contributions with the
promoter's own funds or property.

SECTION 12. CREDENTIALS. All persons to whom charitable solicitations permits have been issued
shall furnish proper credentials approved by the City Clerk to each solicitor, and such credentials shall
include the name of the permit holder, the date, a description of the purpose of solicitations, the signa-
ture of the permit holder, the name, address, age, sex, and signature of the solicitor to wham such cre-
dentials are issued, and the specific period of time during which said solicitor 4s authorized to solicit
on behalf of the permit holder.



(a) No person shall solicit under any permit granted under this Ordinance without the credentials. Such
credentials must be shown, upon request, to all persons solicited and to any police officer of the City of
Las Vegas.

SECTION 13. FINANCIAL REPORTS. Not later than thirty (30) days from the termination of such solici-
tation permit, each principal shall file with the City Clerk a sworn financial statement, prepared by a
Certified Public Accountant, or a certified statement made by three local officers of the principal show-
ing all receipts from the solicitation of funds, to whom and in what amounts such funds were disbursed,
and in what amounts and to whom are due all unpaid obligations incurred in connection with such solicita-
tion, and the amount of undisbursed funds still on hand.

SECTION l4. AGENT'S PERMIT. This permit must bear a facsimile of the permit granted to the princi-

pal.

SECTION 15. UNLAWFUL ACTS. It shall be unlawful for any person to solicit funds for charitable or
welfare purposes within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas:

(a)	As a principal, unless such person shall have first obtained a permit as herein provided, or

(b) As an agent, unless his principal shall have first obtained a permit as herein provided, or

(c) As an agent, unless such person shall have first obtained a permit as herein provided, or

(d)	After the expiration, termination or cancellation of the permit issued therefor, or

(e)	After making any false, fraudulent or untrue statement in the application for permit, herein
provided for,or

(f) For any purpose other than the purpose set out in the permit under which he is acting, or

(g) If such person has been convicted of violating this Ordinance, or any criminal law amounting
to a felony, or any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude in this or any other state within a period of
seven years next preceding the date of solicitation, or

(h)	If such person shall represent in connection with such solicitation that the issuance of the
permit by the City of Las Vegas constitutes an endorsement or approval of the purposes of such solicita-
tion by the City of Las Vegas, or any officer or employee thereof.

It shall be unlawful for any person:

(a)	To use or disburse the funds collected under any permit for any purpose other than purposes
set out in the application for such permit, or

(b)	Issued a person hereunder to fail to file with the City Clerk any sworn financial statement
required by Section l2 of this Ordinance, or

(c)	To make any fraudulent or misleading representation to anyone being solicited respecting the
purpose for which such funds are being solicited, or

(d)	To fail to disclose, upon request, to any person being solicited exactly what percentage (of
the funds to be given, paid or contributed by the person being solicited) will go or be dona-
ted to the charitable or welfare purpose described in the permit;

(e)	To do any act forbidden by this Ordinance, or to fail to do any act required by this Ordinance.

SECTION 16. PENALTIES. Any person who violates any provision of this Ordinance shall be guilty
of a misdemeanor and may be punished by a fine of not more than Five Hundred ($500.00) Dollars and/or
six (6) months in the City Jail, or both, and every occurrence of the doing of any act or thing prohibited,
or the neglect or refusal to do any act or thing required by this Ordinance shall constitute a separate
offense, It shall not be necessary for the complaint to allege or for proof to be made, that the act
was knowingly done; nor shall it be necessary for the complaint to negative any exception contained in
this Ordinance concerning any prohibited act, but such exception made herein may be urged as a defense
by any person charged by such complaint.