direct a new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

Section 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an
indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the form prescribed by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas,

Section 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall
be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-officio
City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such
confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereup-
on, without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate
of the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the con-
tents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regu-
larity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Ass-
essment Roll,

Section 14. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirma-
tion and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The spe-
cial assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed
until paid.

Section 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer
of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, within one week after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest
and without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the
owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided, Failure to pay the whole assessment,
or any part thereof, within said period of one week shall be conclusively considered and held an election
on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments.

In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of
said Ex-officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual Installments of principal, the first of which
installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of December. 1951. and the remain-
der of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year there-
after until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal
from the 1st day of January. 1951. at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assess-
ment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but hot to exceed seven per centum (7%)
per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of
interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of December. 1951. and the remainder of said annual instal-
lments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of December in each year thereafter. Failure to pay
any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal
to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest
shall thereafter draw interest at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but at any
time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest
thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right
thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any
property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid prin-
cipal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of
said County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the Comi-
ty Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las
Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time
as other State and County taxes are collected.

Section 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be
placed in a special fund to be known as "Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-3" and as such
shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of the
special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and de-
livered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be
applied to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any
other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

Section 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-officio City
Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City Assessor, whose name appears
on said assessment roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied against said
person and the designated property in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-3, and shall
state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

Section 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore
taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the making of said improve-
ments by installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets, easements, alleys, and portion thereof, in said
Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-3, toward the creation of said District, and toward
levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby
ratified, approved and confirmed.

Section 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the re-
maining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and
invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall
not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

Section 21. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas is inade-
quate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary imme-
diately to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists,
and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and
this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.