section for such work, provided, however, that this provision shall not apply
to emergency work when it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the Adminis-
trative Authority that such work was urgently necessary and that it was not
practical to obtain a permit therefor before the commencement of the work.

In all such cases a permit must be obtained as soon as it is practical to do
so, and if there be an unreasonable delay in obtaining such permit, a double
fee as herein provided shall be charged.

SCHEDULE OF FEES

For Each Permit (Minimum)	$ 2.50

For Each Plumbing Fixture or Trap	.50

For Each	House	Sewer	15.00

For Each	House	Sewer	 Replacements	2.50

For Each	Septic Tank	3.00

For Each	Water	Heater	and/or	Vent	.50

For Each	Gas	Piping	1 to	5	outlets	1.00

For Each	Gas	Piping	System	of	6	or more, per outlet	.10

For installation, alteration or repair of water
piping and/or water treating equipment, plus
per foot of piping	2.50

For repair or alteration of drainage or vent piping	2.50

For vacuum breakers or backflow protection devices
installed subsequent to the installation of the
piping or equipment served

One to five	1.00

Over	five, each	.20

For each	gas	appliance	.50

For each swimming pool

Public	20.00

Private	10.00

For Lawn Sprinkler Heads

One to ten	1.00

Over ten, each	.10

Section 2.5 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.5 - Appointment of Board of Examiners

The Board of Plumber Examiners shall consist of five (5) members having thereon
two licensed Journeyman Plumbers, two licensed Master Plumbers, and one resident
taxpayer of the City of Las Vegas, who shall be appointed by the Board of Commis-
sioners. The members of said Board shall be appointed for, and serve for one
(l) year unless sooner removed for malfeasance in office, neglect of duty, or
incapacity. One member of the Building Department of the City of Las Vegas
shall be designated by the Building Inspector to be the secretary of the Board
of Plumber Examiners.

Section 2.6 is hereby amended to read as follows;

Section 2.6 - Duties.

The Board of Plumber Examiners shall issue Plumber’s Certificates of Qualifi-
cation to such persons as may be entitled thereto, and conduct examinations
for the purpose of determining the competency and knowledge of plumbing and
drainage work of persons who are required by this Code to take such examina-
tion.

Said Board shall keep an accurate record of all their official transactions
and render such reports and statistics as the department having jurisdiction
may require and direct.

Said Board shall elect a Chairman from their members who shall preside at all
meetings. They shall adopt such rules and regulations as they see fit for
the proper and efficient discharge of their official duties. They shall deter-
mine the character of the examination to be given any applicant therefor, and
by majority vote, pass or reject such applicant upon his showing, as the case
may be.

Section 2.7 is hereby amended to reas as follows:

Section 2.7 - Application Fee.

Every person applying for a Plumber’s Certificate of Qualification shall pay
to the secretary of the Board of Plumber Examiners at the time he makes such
application the following fees:

(a)	Master Plumber’s Certificate	$15.00

(b)	Journeyman Plumber's Certificate	5.00

(c)	Apprentice Plumber's Certificate	1.00

Section 2.8 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.8 - Issuance of Certificate of Qualification.

The Board of Plumber Examiners shall issue Plumber's Certificates of Qualification
pursuant to the following provisions: