until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal from
the 1st day of August, 1952, at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment
bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per
annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of in-
terest being due and payable on the said 1st day of August, 1953 and the remainder of said annual in-
stallments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of August in each year thereafter. Failure
to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid
principal to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued
interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but
at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with
interest thereon and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to
pay in installments in the same mariner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property
not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal
with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, Acting Ex-officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of
said County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the
County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the
same time as other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 2. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 3. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, caluses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances,
shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other in-
stances.

SECTION 4. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas is inade-
quate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immed-
iately to raise fluids to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency ex-
ists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and
safety.

SECTION 5. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City,
and this Ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of December, 1952.

s/ Reed. Whipple

ATTEST:	Mayor Pro Tem

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ^Emergency Ordinance:

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
Commissioner Bunker
Commissioner Jarrett
Commissioner Peccole

Absent:	Mayor C. D. Baker

Those voting against the adoption of the foregoing Emergency Ordinance:	None.

s/ Reed Whipple

ATTEST:	Mayor Pro Tem	

_____s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss*

A. F. Schellack, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published as Las Vegas, in the
Comity of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of two (2) insertions from December 8 to December 15, inclusive, being the issues of said news-
paper for the following dates, to-wit:	Dec. 8, 15	That said newspaper was regularly issued and

circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed A. F. Schellack

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15 day of December, 1952.

s/ Neola Gierhart

Notary Public in and for Clark County,

Nevada

My Commission expires April 14, 1954.