SECTION 11. No hotel or motel Operator shall advertise that the tax or surcharge herein
provided will be absorbed by said Operator, and it shall be unlawful for any Operator to fail to
collect said tax from paying guests in addition to the regular room rental charge.

SECTION 12. That said License Officer shall within twenty (20) days from the close of the
preceding calendar month, transmit the total amount received, less the expenses provided in Section
7, to the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board to be used by them for the purposes set forth in
this Ordinance.

SECTION 13. In consideration of the following:

(a)	The levy of those certain license taxes provided by Ordinance No 76 passed and adopted
by Clark County, Nevada, on January 21, 1957.

(b) The irrevocable pledge of those revenues provided under the aforesaid Ordinance No. 76.

(c) The covenants and agreements by the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board pursuant to
Resolution No. 1957-2.

(d)	The covenants and agreements entered into by the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board
and by Clark County, Nevada, under the pursuant to the terms of $4,500,000 "Clark County, Nevada,

General Obligation Public Building and Recreation Bonds, Series January 15, 1957."

(e)	The benefits to be derived by the City of Las Vegas and to its citizens from the ac-
quisition of a convention hall and recreation facilities all as provided in the aforesaid Resolution
No. 1957-2.

The license taxes and revenues herein provided are hereby irrevocably imposed and are here-
by irrevocably pledged for the purposes set forth in said Resolution No. 1957-2; and the City of
Las Vegas hereby covenants with the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board, Clark County, Nevada,
the Cities of Henderson and of North Las Vegas, Nevada, and with the holders of the aforementioned
bonds, that so long as any of such bonds remain outstanding the City of Las Vegas will not amend this
ordinance to provide for a lower schedule of license taxes, except as provided under the terms of
the aforesaid Resolution 1957-2.

SECTION l4. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses, or parts of this Ordi-
nance shall, for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair,
or invalidate the remaining provisions of this Ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation
to the specific sections, sentences, clauses, or parts of this Ordinance so held unconstitutional and
invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this
Ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability
and validity of this Ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 15. That any person, partnership, corporation, or association operating a hotel
or motel or gaming establishment required to pay the license tax imposed by this Ordinance who fails
or refuses to pay such tax shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and shall upon conviction pay a fine of

not more than $500.00 and/or be imprisoned in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months. Each

day such violation occurs shall be a separate offense.

SECTION 16. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately

following its final reading in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said
City.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 19th day of December, 1956, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Fountain and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordi-
nance on the 1st day of February, 1957, which was a special meeting of said Board of Commissioners;
that at said special meeting held on said day the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board

of Commissioners as amended and adopted by the following vote:



Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Voting "Nay": None	Absent:	None

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

A.F. SCHELLACK, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW-

JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
Two (2) insertions from February 7, 1957 to February 14, 1957 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: February 7, 14, 1957. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circu-
lated on each of the dates above named.

s/ A.F. SCHELLACK

Subscribed and sworn to before me this l4th day of February, 1957

s/ NEOLA GIERHART

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires April 14, 1958