Fairfield Avenue from 145 ft. north of center
line of Baltimore Avenue to Cincinnati Avenue;

The same being located in the Meadows addition
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. That the said sewer improvement shall be made by installing a sanitary sewer in and
along the following streets and portions of streets, said sewer to be composed of eight and ten inch vitri-
fied clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as is more particularly shown by the
plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved, now on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets in and along which the Board proposes to install
ten inch vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

From existing manhole at South 5th Street and Oakey
Blvd, westerly along extension of Oakey Blvd, to the
point Oakey Blvd, intersects with "A" Street at the
east boundary of Meadows Addition; south along east
boundary of Meadows Addition, also known as "A" Street,
to center line of New York Avenue; New York Avenue
from east boundary to west boundary of Meadows Addition.

That the streets and parts of streets in and along which the Board proposes to install eight inch
vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

South along east boundary of Meadows Addition, also
known as "A" Street, from the center line of New York
Avenue to center line of Boston Avenue; Fairfield Avenue
from New York Avenue to a manhole 123 ft. south of center
line of St. Louis Avenue; from manhole in Fairfield
Avenue 123 ft. south of center line of St. Louis Avenue;
across Fairfield Plaza to Boston Avenue; thence to west
boundary of Meadows Addition; Boston Avenue from east
boundary of Meadows Addition 470 ft. west; Chicago Avenue,

Philadelphia Avenue, St. Louis Avenue, Cleveland Avenue,

Cincinnati Avenue, from Fairfield Avenue to west boundary
of Meadows Addition; Chicago Avenue and Philadelphia Avenue
from East boundary of Meadows Addition 441 ft. west; St.

Louis Avenue from east boundary of Meadows Addition 416
ft. west; Baltimore Avenue from existing manhole in South
5th Street to west boundary of Meadows Addition; Fairfield
Avenue from 145 ft. north of center line of Baltimore Avenue
to Cincinnati Avenue; The same being located in the Meadows
Addition of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all incidental
expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compen-
sation properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments
made according to the frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially
benefited by such improvements and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making
said improvements are deemed to be $50,254.66 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in
that amount.

Section 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premis-
es exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for
State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid
out of the General Fund.

Section 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-
Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized
and directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot or parcel of land with such relative portion of the whole amount
to be levied as the length of front of such premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage
of the lots to be assessed; unless on account of the size or shape of any lot or lots an assessment for
a different number of feet would be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deem-
ed to be and aggregate number of feet as determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

Section 7. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall
report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him
and made in the form of a certificate endorse on the assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the form
prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said
Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

Section 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any
person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Wednes-
day, the 20th day of December. 1950. at 3:30 o'clock, P.M.. at the City Hall in said City, and said time
and place are hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and ex-
officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to re-
view said assessments.

Section 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish
notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments for at
least two weeks in the las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las
Vegas every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein. Said notice shall be in the form
prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of
Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the
assessments and hear any objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself ag-
grieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or
description of the premises as appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected,
or said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and