EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 630

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO AMEND THE PLANNING AND ZONING ORDINANCE, ALSO KNOWN AS CHAPTER 24, CODE OF LAD VEGAS,
NEVADA, 1949, BY ADDING TWO NEW CLASSES OF DISTRICTS, TO ALLOW AND PERMIT THE ESTABLISHMENT OF TRAILER PARKS
UPON MEETING CERTAIN CONDITIONS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES
OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

WHEREAS, there is no place in the City of Las Vegas where a trailer park may he located; and
WHEREAS, there are many trailer parks located in the City of Las Vegas and many of them in violation of
the existing trailer ordinance; and

WHEREAS, many persons have expressed a desire to construct model trailer parks, within the City of Las
Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Chapter 24, Section 10, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 as amended by Ordinance No. 517 is
hereby amended to read as follows:

A.	In order to classify, regulate, restrict and segregate the uses of land and buildings; to regulate
and restrict the height and bulk of buildings, and td. regulate the area of yards and other open spaces about
buildings, and to carry out the purpose of this article, thirteen classes of districtsaxe established, to be
known as follows:

R-A...............Ranch Estate District

R-E.............. . Residence Estate District

R-1............... Single-Family Residence District

R-2...............Two-Family Residence District

  R-2-T.............Two-Family Residence —Trailer District

R-3............... Limited Multiple Residence District

R-3-T............. . Limited Multiple Residence — Trailer District

R-4...............Apartment Residence District

C-1............... Limited or Neighborhood Commercial District

C-2......... ... General Commercial District

C-S............... General Commercial Special District

M-1...............Light Industry District

M-2...............Heavy Industry District

The aforesaid districts and the boundaries of such districts are shown and delineated on that certain map
entitled, "Land Use Plan - City of Las Vegas, Nevada " and such map with a11 notations, references, dimensions,
designations and other information shown thereon is hereby adopted and made a part of this article by this ref-
erence. Such map shall be hereinafter referred to as "the map".

B.	It is hereby declared that in the creation by this article of the respective classes of districts set
forth herein, the board of commissioners has given due and careful consideration to the peculiar suitability of
each and every such district for the particular regulations applied thereto, the location and extent of each
district and the necessary proper and comprehensive groupings and arrangement of the various uses and densities
of population in accordance with a well considered plan for the development of the city, and in desirable rela-
tion to established plans in adjoining municipalities and unincorporated areas of the County of Clark.

The boundaries of such districts as are shown upon the map adopted by this article or amendments, subse-
quent changes or supplements thereto, as are accomplished by the provisions of this article, are hereby adopted
and approved and the regulations of this article governing the use of land, buildings and structures, the height
of buildings and structures, building site areas, the sizes of yards about buildings and structures, and other :
matters as hereinafter set forth, are hereby established and declared tc be in effect upon a11 land included
within the boundaries of each and every district shown upon such map.



In the event that any land may, at the time of adoption of this article or at any time subsequent there to be
included within the corporate boundaries of the City, but shall not be delineated on the Viand use plan" such
land shall be automatically classified as in the R-A District; provided, however, that those areas annexed
to the City of Las Vegas which have been designated in a different zone than R-A by the former governing body
of the annexed area, and which zone classification has been previously recommended by the Regional Planning
Commission, shall automatically be annexed with the corresponding zone classification as that existing prior
to the annexation.

SECTION 2. There is hereby added a new section to Chapter 24, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 to immed- 
iately follow Section 17 and to be designated Section 17.01, which shall read as follows: R-T-2 (Two-Family

Residence—Trailer District) Regulations

A.	Uses Permitted.

1.	All uses permitted in the R-1 district, subject to the securing of a use permit as provided in
Section 28 of this chapter, for any use for which a use permit is required in such district.

2. Two family dwellings of permanent character placed in permanent locations.

3. The construction and maintenance of a trailer park in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance
No. 507 as amended, subject to the securing of a use permit as provided in Section 28 of this Chapter.

B.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	BUILDING SITE AREA REQUIRED:

The minimum building site area shall be one (l) lot or a parcel of land seven thousand (7,000) square
feet in area, provided however, that on each additional three thousand, five hundred (3,500) square feet of
area one (l) additional single family dwelling may be erected, but in no case shall a lot having an area of
of less than three thousand, five hundred (3,500) square feet be used as a building site for more than one (l)
single family dwelling.

D.	FRONT YARD REQUIRED:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either the front property line of the
building site or the line of any future street as provided in section 26 of this chapter or as shown upon any
official street plan, or master plan of the city.