 SECTION 9- LICENSE FEE

No license under this ordinance shall he issued until the applicant pays to the Supervisor of
Licenses and Revenue a license fee of $25.00 per quarter, payable without demand in lawful money of the
United States, on the first day of January, April, July, and October of each year; and when application for
license is made subsequent to any of the above dates, the license which issues thereon shall be issued for
the then current quarterly period unless some other and different quarterly period is particularly mentioned
in such application. No license fee for less than a full quarterly period shall be accepted by the License
Bureau upon any application.

SECTION 10. BOND REQUIRED

No license shall be issued under this ordinance until the applicant files with the City a
surety bond executed by such applicant, with two or more sureties or by a surety company authorized to do
business in this State, in the sum of two thousand ($2,000.00) conditioned for the faithful and honest con-
duct of the business of private detective. Such bond as to its form, execution and sufficiency of the se-
reties shall be approved by the Board of City Commissioners.

SECTION 11. The bond requirement of this ordinance shall not be required of detective agencies or private
detectives presently operating with a valid private detective license but shall be required as a condition
precedent to renewal of any such detective license.

SECTION 12. The bond required in Section 10. of this ordinance shall be taken in the name of the people
of the State of Nevada, and every person injured by the wilful, malicious, or wrongful act of the princi-
pal may bring an action on the bond in his own name to recover damages suffered by reason of such willful,
malicious, or wrongful act.

SECTION 13. Every licensee shall at all times maintain on file the surety bond required by this ordinance
in full force and effect, and upon failure to do so the license of such licensee shall be forthwith sus-
pended until such a bond is furnished.

SECTION 14. The transfer of any license issued hereunder is hereby expressly prohibited.

SECTION 15. The City Commissioners shall, have the power to revoke or suspend any license issued under the
provisions of this ordinance for good and sufficient cause. If at any time after the granting of any li-
cense, any licensee shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance or any of the laws of the State
of Nevada or other ordinances of the City in the conduct of the business, the City Commissioners by a
majority vote may revoke the license for such business, after hearing thereon.

SECTION l6. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor
and shall be punished by a fine of not more than $500.00, or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more
than six (6) months, or by both.

SECTION 17. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 18. Chapter 17, Section 12, Subsection D, Page 259, of the Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 gov-

erning the licensing and investigation of persons conducting a private detective agency is hereby repealed.

SECTION 19. If any part, provision or section of this ordinance or the application thereof to any person
or circumstance shall be held invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, the remainder of this ordi-
nance or the application of such part, provision or section thereof to any other person or circumstances
shall not be affected thereby.

SECTION 20. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby expressly repealed.

SECTION 21. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next section

provided, and final passage.

SECTION 22. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reed-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 7th day of September, 1955, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker
and Fountain for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably, on said ordinance on
the 21st day of September, 1955, which was the regular meeting held on the 21st day of September, 1955, and
at said regular meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Com-
missioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

APPROVED:	C.D. Baker

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Published:	L.V. Review Journal

Sept. 25 & Oct. 2, 1955



AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,	)

COUNTY OF CLARK,	)	ss.

A.F. SCHELLACK, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW-

 JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
 Clark,State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of