(A)	Master Plumber’s Certificate of Qualification shall be issued to every
person who makes application for such certificate, pays the required
fee and successfully passes the examination conducted by the Board of
Plumber Examiners.

(B)	Journeyman Plumber’s Certificates of Qualification shall be issued to
every person who makes application for such certificate, pays the re-
quired fee and successfully passes the examination conducted by the
Board of Plumber Examiners.

(C)	Apprentice Plumber's Certificates of Qualification shall be issued to
every person who makes application for such certificate, pays the re-
quired fee, and is approved by the Board of Plumber Examiners.

Section 2.10 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.10 - Term of Certificates of Qualification.

Every Plumber's Certificate of Qualification shall remain in force and effect
until its expiration date, unless cancelled or revoked.

Master Plumber Certificates of Qualification shall expire on December 31 of
each year. Journeyman Plumber Certificates of Qualification shall expire on
December 31 of each year. Apprentice Plumber Certificates of Qualification
shall expire on December 31 of each year.

Section 2.11 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.11 - Renewal of Certificates and Fees.

All Plumber Certificates of Qualification, except Certificates which have been
cancelled or revoked, may be renewed from year to year upon request and payment
of the required renewal fee. If a renewal of a Certificate be requested and
the required fee paid within thirty (30) days of the expiration date of such
Certificate, the renewal fee shall be $5.00 for a Master Plumber's Certificate;

$2.50 for a Journeyman's Certificate; and $1.00 for an Apprentice's Certificate
If such renewal be requested and the required fee paid more than thirty (30)
days but less than ninety (90) days after the expiration date of such certifi-
cate, the renewal fee shall be doubled. No certificate may be renewed more
than ninety (90) days after the expiration date of such certificate, but in
such event, a new examination will be required.

Section 2.15 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.15 - Display of Sign.

It shall be unlawful for any person not in legal possession of a valid Business
license to engage in, or carry on, or represent himself, itself, or themselves
as engaged in or carrying on the Business of Plumbing or to use the words
"Master Plumber", "Plumbing", or "Plumber", in any advertising or to display
or expose a sign having similar import'for the purpose of implying the advert-
iser to be so engaged; and in addition, every person properly licensed as pro-
vided by the ordinances of the City shall have an established place of business
together with the display of a sign to such effect.

Section 403 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 403 - Size of Drainage Piping.

(a)	The minimum sizes of vertical and/or horizontal drainage piping shall be
determined from the total of all fixture units connected thereto, and ad-
ditional, in the case of vertical drainage pipes, in accordance with their
length.

(b)	Table No.3 of this Chapter shows the maximum number of fixture units al-
lowed on any vertical or horizontal drainage pipe, house drain, and/or
house sewer of a given size; the maximum number of fixture units allowed
on any branch interval of a given size; the maximum length (in feet) of
any vertical drainage pipe of a given size.



(c)	Every building in which drainage piping is installed and every connection
to a sewage disposal system shall have at least one stack of a size equal
to the main house drain extending continuous from such house drain through
the roof as a main vent.

EXCEPTIONS:

(1)	Two or more one-story buildings located on the same lot or parcel of land
under one ownership, when connected to a common house sewer or private
sewage disposal system, may be vented by means of piping sized In accord-
ance with Table No. 3 of this Chapter provided that at least one main
vent is installed to vent the house sewer or private disposal system.

(2)	When a house drain exceeds 4" in size, the main vent shall be equal in
size to the largest required rainage stack in the building, but in no
case less than 4"•

SECTION 3. Ordinance no. 476 and all other ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith are hereby repealed, but it is specifically provided that neither this ordinance nor any repeal
hereby provided shall in any way effect the prosecution for the violation of any ordinances heretofore
passed or pending at the time of the adoption of this ordinance.

SECTION 4.. If any section, subsection, sentence, clause, phrase or portion of this ordin-
ance is for any reason held invalid or unconstitutional by any court of competent jurisdiction, such holding