right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner
of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the
unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on and
against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said
County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County
Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las
Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as
other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 15. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be placed
in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-25, Bond Interest and
Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all. time constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially
appropriated to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be
hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said
improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which said assessments
were made, and shall not be used for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully
paid.

SECTION 16. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-officio City
Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City Assessor, whose name
appears on said assessment roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied
against said person and the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-25,
and shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 17. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore taken
by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the improving of a certain street
by installing a complete street lighting system in the said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-25
toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the
entire cost thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified, approved, and confirmed.

SECTION 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions
and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

SECTION 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance sha1l, for
any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not effect, impair, or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined. in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances
shall not effect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any
other instances.

SECTION 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists,
and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and
safety.

SECTION 21. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City and this
ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED THIS 12TH DAY OF APRIL, 1954

Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Those voting in favor of the ordinance were as follows:

Those Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem. Whipple

Those Voting "Nay":	none	Absent:	Mayor Baker

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK)

STATE OF NEVADA) *

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes, and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING
SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from April l4, 1954 to April 21, 1954 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit:	April l4, 21, 1954. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated

on each of the dates above named.

SIGNED_____Richard Lochrie_____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of May, 1954

Barbara J. Greenspun_________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires March 17, 1956.