2.	The following light agricultural uses:

(a)	Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree crops, flower
gardening, nurseries, greenhouses, orchards, aviaries, apiaries.

(b)	Farms devoted to the hatching, raising and marketing of chickens,
turkeys, or other poultry, fowl, rabbits, fish, frogs; provided,
however, that no killing or dressing of poultry or rabbits shall
be permitted other than the poultry or rabbits raised on the pre-
mises and that such killing or dressing is done in an accessory

 building.

(c)	Sale of any of the products of any of the aforementioned permitted
uses upon the premises upon which such products are produced; pro-
vided, that no permanent or commercial building shall be constructed
primarily for such sale.

3.	Pending residential development, small livestock farming and the keeping
of domestic animals as an incidental use, but not for commercial purposes,
and subject to the following limitations:

(a)	Not more than one (1) cow, two (2) goats or two (2) sheep or similar
animals per one-half (1/2) acre, but no cows, horses, goats, sheep
or similar animals on less than one-half (1/2) acre, nor more than
one (1) horse or one hundred (100) fowl for each one-quarter (1/4)
acre.

(b)	No cows, goats, sheep or similar animals shall be kept within a
distance of two hundred (200) feet from any dwelling other than a
dwelling upon the parcel of land upon which the same are kept nor
within a distance of forty (40) feet from any street line nor with-
in a distance of twenty (20) feet from any dwelling upon the parcel
of land upon which such animals are kept.

(c)	More than twelve (12) fowl shall not be kept within a distance of
forty (40) feet from any street line nor within a distance of twenty
(20) feet from any dwelling.

(d)	The conditions under which such domestic animals are kept shall be
in compliance with the rules, regulations or laws of the City and
the Nevada State Health Department.

4.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses, including the office
of a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar professions,
provided:

(a)	That such office is situated in the same dwelling unit as the home
of the occupant;

(b)	That such office shall not be used for the general practice of medi-
cine, surgery, dentistry, but may be used for consultation and em-
ergency treatment as an adjunct to a principal office;

(c)	That there shall be no assistants employed.

5.	Accessory buildings as follows:

(a)	Accessory buildings, including a private garage, accessory living
quarters, guest house, recreation room; a detached stable, barn,
corral, pen, coop, kennel, poultry or rabbit killing and dressing
room, or other similar structure, when located not less than one-
hundred (100) feet from the front lot line nor less than twenty-
five (25) feet from any other lot line. An accessory building as
defined in the Planning Ordinance shall not exceed 50% of the square
feet of the floor area of the dwelling unit constructed on said pro-
perty, without first obtaining a use permit therefor. Accessory liv-
ing quarters, guest house or a recreation room may be erected above

a private garage in accordance with the provisions of the Zoning Or-
dinance.

(b)	Private horse stables, provided not more than one horse is stabled
or kept for each one-quarter (1/4) acre of land included in the
building site and provided further that no stable or corral shall
be built closer than fifty (50) feet to any dwelling, school, park,
side street or road.

6.	Family day care home, as defined by the Child Welfare Ordinance of the City
of Las Vegas, provided such facility is approved by the Child Welfare Board,
and meets all duly adopted standards for such facility.