ORDINANCE NO. 647

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY PROVIDING REGULATIONS FOR PARKING
LOTS; PROVIDING LICENSE FEES; PROVIDING FOR PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; PROVIDING
OTHER MATTERS RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Chapter 36, Section 85, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended to read as
follows:

Definitions. Whenever the following terms are used in this Ordinance, they shall be deemed and con-
strued to have the meaning ascribed to them, as follows:

(a) Vehicle: Any device upon by which any person or property is transported from one place to another.

(b) To Park: To stand a vehicle for a period of time greater than is reasonably necessary for the
actual loading thereon or unloading therefrom of persons or property.

(c)	Public Parking Lot:	Shall mean any building, structure, outdoor space, uncovered plot, place,

lot, parcel, yard or enclosure, or any portion thereof, where motor vehicles may be parked, stored,
housed or kept, for which any charge is made, and which is open to the general public.

(d)	Semi Public Parking Lot:	Shall mean any building, structure, outdoor space, uncovered plot,

place, lot, parcel, yard or enclosure, or any portion thereof, where motor vehicles are parked, stored,
housed or kept pursuant to agreement with the owner, operator, or manager and for which a charge is made
on a daily, weekly, or monthly rate.

(e)	Patron Parking Lot:	Shall mean any building, structure, outdoor space, uncovered plot, place,

lot, parcel, yard or enclosure, or any portion thereof, on the same or adjacent property and provided
exclusively for the use and convenience of persons doing business at or with a business establishment
and for which no charge to park is made and whether or not a ticket must be validated.

(f)	Person:	Shall mean and include any person, firm, partnership, association, corporation, com-

pany or organization of any kind.

SECTION 2. License Required: The license fee per quarter for the operation of a public parking
lot or semi public parking lot shall be in accordance with the following schedule of capacities:

Four and tinder vehicles................................. $ 5.00

Five to fifteen vehicles. .................................$15.00

Sixteen to Thirty-five vehicles ............................. $25.00

Thirty-six to fifty vehicles. ............................... S35.00

Over fifty vehicles........................................$50.00

SECTION 3. Chapter 38, Section 86.

When any person shall establish any parking lot as defined in Section 1, such person shall desig-
nate the space for parking and the manner of parking thereon, the space thereon to be used for parking
by different types of vehicles and may also limit the time such vehicles may remain parked on the premises.

Such person in addition shall maintain at each entrance to such parking lot a permanent sign suit-
able to apprise persons using the same of the following information:

1.	The hours of the day or night during which said parking lot is open for business.

2. Rates charged for parking (if any charge is made) and when more than one rate is charged, or
a sliding rate scale is charged, the figures and letters stipulating each rate shall be of uniform size
and dimensions, and shall be not less than six (6) inches in height and three (3) inches in width.

3.	If the parking lot is exclusively a patron parking lot, such information as to properly advise
the users of the terms and conditions of such use.

All signs required by this section shall first be approved by the Traffic and Parking Commission
of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 4. Every person establishing or maintaining a parking lot as defined in this ordinance
shall furnish to the Police Department the name and telephone number of a responsible person who may be
contacted in the event an emergency arises.

SECTION 5. Chapter 36, Section 87, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, and all other ordinances or
parts of ordinances in conflict therewith are hereby repealed, provided, however, the provisions of
Chapter 24, Section 12, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, are not repealed except as such may be in con-
flict herewith.

SECTION 6. All parking lots now in existence, as defined by this ordinance shall be given until
July 1, 1955, to comply with this ordinance, and all parking lots opened or constructed after the ef-
fective date of this ordinance shall comply with all the terms of this ordinance.

SECTION 7. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not exceeding $500, or by imprisonment in
the City Jail not exceeding six months, or by both fines and imprisonment. Each day such violation is
committed, or permitted to continue, shall constitute a separate offense and shall be punished as such
hereunder.

SECTION 8. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption,
and final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 9. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its final reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 20th day of April, 1955, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and
Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 15th
day of June, 1955, which was the regular meeting held on the 15th day of June, 1955, and at said regular
meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first
introduced and adopted by the following vote;

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Voting "Nay": None	Absent:	None

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER City Clerk