4.	Accessory buildings and uses incidental to each single family dwelling
when placed upon the same lot or parcel of land and not used or operated
commercially, but not including guest houses or accessory living quarters.

5.	Family day care home as defined by the Child Welfare Ordinance, provided,
such facility is approved by the Child Welfare Board, and meets all duly
adopted standards for such facility.

6.	The following additional uses, subject to the securing of a use permit in
each case as provided in Section 28 of the Zoning Ordinance:

(a)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches;

(b)	Real estate offices, temporary only;

(c)	Home occupations as defined in Section 1 of this ordinance.

(d)	Day nursery as defined by the Child Welfare Ordinance of the City of
Las Vegas, provided such facility is approved by the Child Welfare
Board, and meets all duly adopted standards for such facility.

B.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	BUILDING SITE AREA REQUIRED:

The minimum building site area for each one family dwelling shall be six
thousand (6,000) square feet; the minimum frontage shall be sixty (60)
feet, except in the case of recorded lots which can be used as provided
in Section 12 of the Zoning Ordinance.

D.	FRONT YARD REQUIRED:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either the
front property line of the building site or the line of any future street as
provided in Section 26 of the Zoning Ordinance or as shown upon any official
street plan, or master plan of the City.

E.	SIDE YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10)
percent of the width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-
five (25) feet and shall not be less than five (5) feet in width.

F.	REAR YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the
average depth of the lot, but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five
(25) feet.

Section 5. Section 17, Chapter 24, Code of Las Vegas is hereby amended to read
as follows:

Section 17.	R-2 (Two-family residence) district regulations:

A.	USES PERMITTED:

1.	All uses permitted in the R-1 district.

2.	Two family dwellings of permanent character placed in permanent locations.

3.	A family day care home or day nursery, as defined by the Child Welfare
Ordinance provided such facility is approved by the Child Welfare Board,
and meets all duly adopted standards for such facility.

4. The following additional uses, subject to the issuance of a use permit
in each case as provided in Section 28 of the Zoning Ordinance.

(a)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches;

(b)	Real estate offices, temporary only

B.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	BUILDING SITE AREA REQUIRED:

The minimum building site area shall be one (1) lot or a parcel of land six
thousand (6,000) square feet in area, provided, however, that on each