WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half of the frontage to be assessed have not filed written object-
ions concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of said District, or the defraying of the entire
post and expense by special assessments; and

WHEREAS, no objections, suggestions, comments nor questions were made or raised at said protest hear-
ing; and

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the creation of said Street Im-
provement Assessment District No. 100-11, and now desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES OHM IN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, to be called and designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-11, which shall
include all the lots, premises and property to their full depth, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon the
following street within the City of Las Vegas;

South Fifth Street from the South City limits to a point approximately

730 feet north of the intersection of South Fifth Street and South Main Street.

SECTION 2. That the street, hereinabove described, shall be improved by constructing thereon street
lighting facilities which include concrete bases, aluminum standards, mercury vapor luminaries and single over-
head wire and series lighting system, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly
shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all incidental
expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation pro-
perly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made accord-
ing to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such
Improvements and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said improvements are
deemed to be $l4,355,05 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 4. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises exceed
50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and
bounty taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the
General Fund.

SECTION 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting ex-officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed
to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
and shall assess each lot and parcel of land with such relative portion of the whole amount to be levied as the
Length of front of such premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be
assessed; unless on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots an assessment for a different number of feet
would be more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be the aggregate number
of feet as determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

SECTION 6. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall re-
port the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and
made in the form of a certificate endorse on the assessment roll which certificate shall be in the form prescrib-
ed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 7. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said Board,
it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

SECTION 8. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any per-
son objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Monday, the 27th
day of April, 1953 at 8:00 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are hereby fix-
ed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and ex-officio City Assessor will
meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessment.

SECTION 9. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish
notice of the time said Board and said ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments once a
week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Sun a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, Said Notice shall
be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessment as aforesaid, the Board of Comm-
issioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the assess-
ments and hear any objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved there-
by, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or description of the
premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer
the assessment back to said Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment in
which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 11. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an in-
dorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall
be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio
City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such
confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon,
without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of
the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents
of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of
all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.

SECTION 13. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirmation
and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special assess-
ments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until paid.

SECTION l4. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the. office of the County Treasurer of
Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, within ten days after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and with-