APPROVED ROLL TO THE EX-OFFICIO CITY ASSESSOR. PROVIDING THAT SAID ASSESSMENT SHALL CONSTITUTE A LIEN; PRE-
SCRIBING THE METHOD OF PAYING SAID ASSESSMENTS AND THE INTEREST THEREON. PROVIDING FOR THE DISPOSITION OF
SAID ASSESSMENTS; DIRECTING THE NOTIFICATION BY MAIL WHEN AND WHERE SAID ASSESSMENT IS DUE AND PAYABLE;
RATIFYING, APPROVING AND CONFIRMING ALL ACTION HERETOFORE TAKEN TOWARD MAKING SAID IMPROVEMENT IN SAID DIS-
TRICT, TOWARD ITS CREATION AND TOWARD LEVYING AND EFFECTING SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS RE-
LATING THERETO; AND DECLARING AND EMERGENCY."

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 15 of Emergency Ordinance No. 496 is hereby amended to read as follows:

That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer of Clark
County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Neva-
da, within one week after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and with-
out demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may at the election of the owner,
be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or
any part thereof, within said period of one week shall be conclusively considered and held an election on
the part of all persons interested, whether tinder disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In
case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of said
Ex-officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which
installments of principal shall, be due and payable on or- before the 1st day of August, 1953, and the re-
mainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year
thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of prin-
cipal from the 1st day of August, 1952, at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special
assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per cen-
tum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual pay-
ment of interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of August, 1953, and the remainder of said annu-
al installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of August in each year thereafter. Fail-
ure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid
principal to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued
interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but
at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with
interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored
to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The
owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of
the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll
of said County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the
County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the
same time as other State and County taxes are collected.

Section 2. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, re-
solutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 3. That if ary one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances,
shall not affect , or prejudice in ary way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in ary other instan-
ces.

Section 4. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas is inade-
quate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary imme-
diately to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency
exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

Section 5. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Veg-
as, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City,
and this Ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof#

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 16th day of July, 1952.

	s/ C.D. Baker

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger_____________

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,).

COUNTY OF CLARK )	*

A.F. Schellack	 being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS

VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of two (2) insertions from July 21, 1952 to July 28, 1952, inclusive, being the issues of
said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: July 21, 28. That said newspaper was regularly issued

and circulated on each of the dates above named.

s/ A.F. Schellack

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 28th day of July, 1952.

_______________s/ Neola Gierhart 

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.