DECLARING AN EMERGENCY.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. Section l4 of Emergency Ordinance 541 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section l4. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office

of the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and
Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within ten days after said
special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and without demand; providing,
that all such assessments, or ary part thereof, may, at the election of the owner, be paid
in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assess-
ment, or any part thereof, within said period of ten days shall be conclusively considered
and held an election on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or
otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such election to pay in installments,
the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer
in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which install-
ments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of May, 1954, and
the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before the
same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the
unpaid and deferred installments of principal from the 1st day of May, 1953, at the same
rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter
authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per
annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual
payment of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of May, 1954, and the remainder
of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of May in each
year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due,
shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and
the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty
at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the
day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installment, with interest there-
on at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored
to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not
been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment,
may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to
the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of
Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of
Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized
and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in
a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of
said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of
Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner
and at the same time as other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 2. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
 meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to
raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health, and safety.

SECTION 3. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance
shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 27th day of April, 1953.

/s/ C. D. Baker__________________________

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger------------

City Clerk

Those voting for the adoption of the foregoing ordinance are as follows:

Those voting "aye":	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Jarrett

Commissioner	Peccole

Commissioner	Whipple

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) SS*

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That	he	is Foreman of the Las Vegas

Morning Sun, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from April 30, 1953 to May 7, 1953 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: April 30, May 7, 1953. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated

on each of the dates above named.

s/ Richard Lochrie_______________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th day of May, 1953

	s/ Barbara J. Greenspun

   My commission expires March 17, 1956.

Notary Public in and for Clark
County, Nevada