Section 1. No building permit shall be issued to any person, association, corporation, partner-
ship, or others for a new building when such permit is required by the Uniform Building Code, except when the
location of the proposed work fronts upon a dedicated street, or unless the area has been platted upon the
official records of Clark County, Nevada, showing definitely defined lots and parcels within such platted
area.

Section 2. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed*

Section 3. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

s/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger

-------City Clerk--------- ----------------

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commiss-
ioners on the 16th day of July, 1952, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioner
Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 6th
day of August, 1952, which was the regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, that at said regu-
lar meeting held on the 6th day of August, 1952, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of
Commissioners as first proposed and adopted by the following vote:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay":	None.

Absent:	Mayor Baker

APPROVED:

s/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,)ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )

_____H.M. Greenspun____________, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Publisher of the LAS

VEGAS MORNING SUN, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for
a period of two weeks from August 11, 1952, to August 18, 1952 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: August 11, 18, 1952. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated
on each of the dates above named.

s/ H.M. Greenspun

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 18th day of August, 1952.

s/ Barbara J. Greenspun

(SEAL)	Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada. 

My Commission Expires March 17, 1956.

ORDINANCE NO. 503

AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE FOR THE REGULATION AND LICENSING OF CHILD CARE FACILITIES; AND PERSONS AND ORGANIZA-
TIONS PROVIDING CARE FOR CHILDREN, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Except as provided herein, no day nursery, person association, corporation, institu-
tion, or agency shall provide care and supervision for five or more children under 16 years of age in lieu
of care and supervision ordinarily provided by parents in their own homes, for the whole or any part of a
day, with or without charge, without having in full force a license issued by or under the authority of
the Board of City Commissioners in accordance with rules and regulations prescribed by such Board* Nothing
in this act shall apply to care given to children by or in the homes or parents, legal guardians, or rela-
tives, or as part of the program of an educational institution regulated by the Board of Education of the
State, or as part of the program of a parochial educational institution*

Section 2. There shall be a Board to be designated as the Child Welfare Board of the City of
Las Vegas which shall provide rules, regulations, and standards for the administration of child care facili-
ties and recommend the same for adoption by the Board of Commissioners in the manner prescribed for the adopt-
ion of ordinances* The Child Welfare Board of the City of Las Vegas shall consist of seven (7) members, who
shall be selected from the residents of the City with special care given to the selection of persons from
different types of organizations. The members of such Board shall serve without compensation, subject to
appointment by the Board of City Commissioners.

Section 3. The rules and regulations prescribed by the Child Welfare Board of the City of Las