Intoxicating liquors other than wine and beer must be segregated and kept under the exclu-
sive control of an attendant. All beer and wine shall be handled only by an adult person over the
age of twenty-one. No sales shall be permitted in quantities of less than one-half pint.

(l7) IMPORTERS LICENSE. An importer's license shall authorize the holder thereof to be
the first person in possession of wines, beers, or other alcoholic liquors within the city after
completion of the act of importation of such wines, beers, or other alcoholic liquors from without
the state. It shall not authorize the sale of any type of wines, beers, or other alcoholic liquors
except to a wholesale liquor establishment.

(18) SERVICE BAR. Service Bar is defined as a bar wherein drinks are prepared for service
only at tables in hotels, restaurants or casinos and does not permit sales direct to customers at
such bar. Service bars are permitted in hotels, restaurants with seating capacity of more than one
hundred (100) persons at one time, and in casinos.

(19) The population of the City of Las Vegas is now determined to be 45,000 and shall be
redetermined by the Board of Commissioners annually in December of each year.

(20)	SPECIAL EVENTS LICENSE - A special events license shall permit the sale of intoxica-
ting beverages at such locations and as specified on such license, for a period of not more than
one (l) week, provided that the Board of Commissioners shall have first approved the application
therefor.

SECTION 4. Section 3, Chapter 16, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended to
read as follows:

Wholesale liquor establishments may be maintained and kept in that part of the city
zoned as M-1, Light Industry, and M-2, Heavy Industry, in accordance with the
Planning and Zoning ordinances of the city.

SECTION 5. Section 4, Chapter 16, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, as amended by Ordi-
nance No. 645, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Taverns may be maintained only in that portion of the City bounded by Main Street on
the West, Ogden Street on the North, Second Street on the East, Carson Street on the
South; and on Fifth Street between Oakey Boulevard and San Francisco Avenue; and on
Jackson Street from 100 feet east of "D" Street to 100 feet west of "F: Street and
from Monroe to Van Buren on "B" Street.

SECTION 6. Section 5, Chapter 16, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended to
read as follows:

Beverages may be sold, served or distributed by regularly licensed establishments within
any CC, C-1, C-2 zone, or less restrictive zone, within the city limits except as prohibited
by Section 23, Chapter 16, of the Las Vegas City Code and by Section 1 of Ordinance No.

524.

SECTION 7. Section 6, Chapter 16, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 is hereby amended to
read as follows:

Shopping Center, Grocery and Package Liquor licences for the sale or distribution of al-
coholic liquors, may at the discretion of the Board be permitted anywhere within the
limits of the city in any CC, C-2, or less restrictive zone.

SECTION 8. Section 7, Chapter 16, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended to
read as follows:

Restaurants for the sale of beverages obtaining not more than 30 per centum of alcohol
by weight may be licensed anywhere within the limits of the city in any CC, C-1, C-2, or
less restrictive zone except as prohibited by Section 23, Chapter 16 of the Las Vegas
City Code and Ordinance No. 524, Section 1.

SECTION 9. Section 8, Chapter 16, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended to
read as follows:

Club licenses for the sale of beverages or alcoholic liquors may be maintained only in
such places as may, in the discretion of the Board of Commissioners be specifically
designated at the time application for license therefor is made.

SECTION 10. Section 16, Chapter l6, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended
to read as follows:

The rates for licenses provided for in this chapter shall be, and the same are fixed and
established, and the same shall be paid in advance by all persons receiving such licenses respectively,
as follows:

1. For a wholesale liquor and importers license the sum of $375.00 per quarter.

2. For a wholesale beverage and importers license the sum of $375.00 per quarter.

 3. For a tavern liquor license the sum of $375.00 per quarter.

4. a) For a package liquor license as defined herein the sum of $225.00 per quarter.

b) For a limited package liquor license not permitting the sale of miniatures, the
sum of $200.00 per quarter.

5. For a beverage license the sum of $50.00 per quarter.

6. For a beer license the sum of $50.00 per quarter.

7. For a club license the sum of $25.00 per quarter.