Two (2) insertions from September 25, 1955 to October 2, 1955 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: September 25; October 2, 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued

and circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ A.F. SCHELLACK

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of October 1955

/s/ NEOLA GIERHART

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires April l4, 1958.

ORDINANCE NO. 668

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 31, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, AS AMENDED BY ORDINANCE NO. 590; BY
DEFINING ARMORED CAR GUARDS AS SPECIAL POLICE OFFICERS; BY REQUIRING AN INVESTIGATION OF ALL ARMORED CAR
GUARDS, OWNERS, MANAGERS, OR OTHER PERSONS IN CONTROL OF SUCH ARMORED CAR GUARDS; BY LIMITING AUTHORITY
OF SPECIAL POLICE OFFICERS; BY PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Chapter 31, Section 1, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, as amended by Ordinance No. 590, is
hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 1. Definitions.

For the purposes of this chapter, the following words and phrases are defined, and shall be construed
as hereinafter set out, unless it shall be apparent from the context that they have a different meaning.

(A)	Official Police Officer's badge. "Official Police Officer's badge" shall mean a badge of the
size, type and design as used by the regular police force of the city.

(B)	Private Patrol. "Private patrol" shall mean any person carrying on the business or occupation
of night watchman, night watch service, private policeman or any other occupation, the purpose of which is
to afford additional police or fire protection for hire or reward.

(C)	Special Police Officer's badge. "Special Police Officer's badge" shall mean a badge of the size,
type and design as designated by the Chief of Police of the city for the use of persons commissioned by
the Chief of Police to act as special police officers as hereinafter provided. Such badge shall have
enameled on the fact thereof "Special" in addition to any other words or device and shall so differ in
shape and design from the official police officer's badge as to be, when displayed or worn, readily dis-
tinguishable therefrom. All such badges shall be consecutively numbered and the nuhber shall appear on
the face of each such badge.

(d)	Special Police Officer. "Special Police Officer" for the purpose of this ordinance, shall in-
clude any individual acting as a peace officer, member of a private patrol, or an owner of a private pa-
trol who actively engages in policing duties, club guard, bank guard, armored car guard, owner, manager
or other person in control of such armored car guards, night watchman, other than a regular police officer
of the city.

SECTION 2. Chapter s1, Section 2, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, also known as Section 2, Ordinance No.
377 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2. Every person who shall seek a commission to act as a special police officer shall make ap-
plication to the Chief of Police of the City on regulation forms as prescribed by the Chief of Police,
which application must contain the following:

(A)	The name and address of the person to whom the commission is to be issued.

(B)	The duties of the person who requires the issuance of such commission, provided, no commission
shall issue for the performance of any duties other than those specifically set forth in this application,
nor shall any commission be authority for the performance of any duties not herein set forth.

(c) A description, two passport size photos, signature and fingerprint of the person to whom the
commission is to be issued.

(D)	The name, address, and signed request of the employer of the applicant showing the necessity for
the issuance of such commission.

(e) Such other information and disclosures as such regulation forms may from time to time require.

The Chief of Police must first satisfy himself that the granting of the commission will be conducive

to the public welfare and safety, and for this purpose the Chief of Police may consider any facts or evi-
dence bearing on the moral fitness and reputation of those seeking the commission, and any other facts or
evidence tending to enlighten the Chief of Police in this respect, provided, no special police officer's
commission shall be issued to any person previously convicted of a felony or of two or more misdemeanors
involving moral turpitude.

SECTION 3. Section 5, Chapter 31, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, as amended by Ordinance 590, is hereby
amended to read as follows: "Special police officer" badges shall be issued by the Chief of Police and only
to persons who have secured commissions as special police officers from the Chief of Police and who have
paid all fees required therefor by this chapter or ordinances of the city.

SECTION 4. Private detectives and special investigators are not subject to the provisions of this ordi-
nance nor qualified as such to obtain a special police officer's commission under this ordinance.

SECTION 5. The issuance of a special police officer's commission under this ordinance shall be authority
for the performance of his duties only at the particular place of employment at which he was employed at
the time of the issuance of said commission, provided this section shall not apply to private patrols.

SECTION 6. Any person transferring his place of employment or procuring employment at some place of busi-
ness other than that for which the special police officer's commission was granted to him, is hereby re-
quired to report such change to the Chief of Police and submit the name, address and signed request of the
new employer that such special police officer be permitted to work in his employ, and in addition such
special police officer is required to make full disclosures as to any change in his status or address.

SECTION 7. Upon severance, discharge or other termination of employment for which a special police offi-
cer’s commission has been issued, such special police officer is required to return to the Chief of Police
his special police officer's badge and any other credentials he may have pertaining thereto.