of Noblitt Addition to Stewart Avenue; on Twenty First Street and
Twenty Third Street, from Ogden Avenue to Walnut Avenue; on Circle
Drive, from Bruce Street to Lewis Avenue; on Fourteenth Street,
from Charleston Boulevard to Clark Avenue.

Section 2. That the streets and parts of streets hereinabove described shall be paved by grading
and constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and shall be curbed and guttered by constructing on
both sides of said streets and parts of streets, wherever said improvements are missing, including concrete
valley gutters and including alley approaches,together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more
particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file
in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the entire cost and expense of said improvements, including all incidental

expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and com-
pensation properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assess-
ments made according to the frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property spe-
benefited by such improvements and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making
said improvements are deemed to be $407.411.57 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall
be in that amount.

Section 4. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or pre-
mises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll
for state and county taxation, but such cost in excess of 50%, if any there should be, shall be borne by
the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General Fund.

Section 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-
officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized
and directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special
assessment district, such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied as the length of front of such
premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed; unless,
on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots, an assessment for a different number of feet would be
more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be the aggregate number of
feet as determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

Section 6. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall
report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him
and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll, substantially in the manner prescrib-
ed by the Charter of said City.

Section 7. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said 

Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

Section 8. That before said assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any person

objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Monday, the

26th day of May, 1952, at 7:30 o'clock, P.M.. at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are
hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-officio City
Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said
assessment.

Section 9. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall pub-
lish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments
once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said
City of Las Vegas, in the manner prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended.

Section 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board
of Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, re-
view the assessments and hear any objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming
himself aggrieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assess-
ment or description of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as
corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision,
or annul it and direct a new assessment, in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

Section 11. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make
an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in substantially in the man-
ner prescribed by the Charter of said City.

Section 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it
shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-
officio City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certifi-
cate of such confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor,
shall thereupon, without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append there-
to his certificate of the date of such recoiling, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to
have notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts
and tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity
of the assessment and Assessment Roll.

Section 13. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confir-
mation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The
special assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land ass-
essed until paid.

Section 14. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasur-
er of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, within one week after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without
interest and without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the elec-
tion of the owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the
whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said period of one week shall be conclusively considered and
held an election on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in
such installments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be
payable at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of
principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day
of June. 1953. and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before
the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and de-