Section 403 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 403 - Soze of Drainage Piping

(a)	The minimum sizes of vertical and/or horizontal drainage piping shall be deter-
mined from the total of all fixture units connected thereto, and additional, in the
case of vertical drainage pipes, in accordance with their length. Any drainage pipe
serving a water closet shall be not less than four inches (4").

(b)	Table No. 3 of this Chapter shows the maximum number of fixtures units allowed
on any vertical or horizontal drainage pipe, house drain, and/or house sewer of a
given size; the maximum number of fixture units allowed on any branch interval of

a given size; the maximum length (in feet) of any vertical drainage pipe of a given
size.

(c)	Every building in which drainage piping is installed and every connection to a
sewage disposal system shall have at least one stack of a size equal to the main
house drain extending continuous from such house drain through the roof as a main
vent.

EXCEPTIONS:

(1)	Two or more one-story buildings located on the same lot or parcel of land under
one ownership, when connected to a common house sewer or private sewage disposal sys-
tem, may be vented by means of piping sized in accordance with Table No. 3 of this
Chapter providing that at least one main vent is installed to vent the house sewer
or private disposal system.

(2)	When a house drain exceeds four inches (4") in size, the main vent shall be equal
in size to the largest required drainage stack in the building, but in no case less
than four inches (4").

Section 1003 is hereby amended to read as follows:

(j) Medical, Therapeutic, Surgical, Shampoo Basins, Developing Tanks, Photo Tanks,
Coffee Urns or similar devices, etc., Mortuary or Similar Places. Water supply shall
be protected by approved vacuum breakers on the discharge side of the last valves
and installed not less than five and one-half (5½') above the floor, and at no time
less than six (6") above any fixture or equipment served, unless such vacuum breaker
is an integral part of the fixture or equipment having an approval as a unit.

Section 1004 is hereby amended by adding Paragraph (e) and (f) to real as follows:

(e) No galvanized, wrought iron or steel water pipes permitted under inaccessible
concrete slabs, unless treated in a manner approved by the Plumbing Department.

(g) When connecting to copper piping or fittings; brass nipples and fittings shall
be used, or an approved galvanic resistor or die-electric union between two dissimi-
lar metals.

SECTION 3. Ordinance No. 476, 520, 637 and all other Ordinances or parts of Ordinances in
conflict herewith are hereby repealed, but it is specifically provided that neither this Ordinance nor any
 repeal hereby provided shall in any way affect the prosecution for the violation of any Ordinance hereto-
fore passed or pending at the time of the adoption of this Ordinance.

SECTION 4. If any section, sub-section, sentence, clause, phrase, or portion of this Ordi-
 nance is for any reason held invalid or unconstitutional by any Court of competent jurisdiction, such
 holding shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of this Ordinance.

SECTION 5. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect one week from adoption pursuant
 to the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Chapter 2, Section 30.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER_______________

ATTEST;	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 7th day of September 1955 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Fountain
 and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the
7th day of March, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on said day, and at said regular meeting held
on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first introduced
 and adopted by the following vote;

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None.

APPROVED:

 (SEAL)	/s/ C.D. BAKER, Mayor

 ATTEST:

 /s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk