validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary
immediately to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an
emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public
pease, health and safety.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks Immediately
following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Morning Sun, a daily newspaper published
in said City, and this ordinance shall became effective immediately following the second
publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 31st day of March, 1954.

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Commissioner Bunker then duly seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following results:

Those Voting "Aye”:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker

Those Voting "Nay":	none	Absent:	Commissioner Sharp

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and
adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Whipple and seconded by Commissioner Bunker that all rules of this
Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at this
meeting be and the same are hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and
adoption of said emergency ordinance; at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker.

Those Voting "Nay": none	Absent: Commissioner Sharp

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Whipple then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this
meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Bunker seconded the motion, and the question
being upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:

Those Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Whipple and His Honor Mayor C. D. Baker.

Those Voting "Nay": none	Absent: Commissioner Sharp

The presiding officer thereupon declared that 3 Commissioners having voted in favor thereof, said
motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said Emergency Ordinance be numbered 597 and after
approval by the Mayor shall be published as in said ordinance designated, and shall be recorded
according to law.

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners the meeting was, on motion
duly made, seconded and carried, adjourned.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk 

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK )

STATE OF NEVADA ) SS*

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

MORNING SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of two weeks from April 2, 1954 to April 9, 1954 inclusive, being the issues
of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit April 2,9, 1954. That said newspaper was
regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed:	Richard Lochrie_________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of May, 1954

Barbara J. Greenspun______________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires March 17, 1954