AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) 38 *

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

MORNING SUN, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from December 8, 1952 to December 15, 1952 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: December 8, 15, 1952 That said newspaper was regularly issued and circu-

lated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Richard Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of December, 1952

s/ Barbara J. Greenspun
Notary Public in and for Clark County, 

Nevada

My Commission Expires Mar. 17, 1956

ORDINANCE NO. 5l4

AN ORDINANCE CREATING A BOARD OF APPEALS TO HEAR AND DETERMINE APPEALS FROM RULINGS OF THE BUILDING DEPART-
MENT; PROVIDING FOR THE MEMBERS; THEIR DUTIES; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. There is hereby created a Board of Appeals which shall consist of seven (7) members,
one member to be a licensed architectural engineer in the State of Nevada; one member to be a registered
architect in the State of Nevada; one member to be a licensed structural engineer in the State of Nevada;
one member to be a licensed electrical contractor in the State of Nevada; one member to be a licensed
plumbing and air conditioning contractor in the State of Nevada; one member to be an attorney and one
general contractor. The head of the Building Department of the City of Las Vegas shall be an ex-officio
member and shall act as the secretary of said Board.

SECTION 2. The Board of Appeals shall determine the suitability of alternate materials and types
of construction and provide reasonable interpretations of the provisions of the Uniform Building Code, Uni-
form Plumbing Code, and all other specialized codes dealing with building construction of any kind.

SECTION 3. The Board shall hear and determine appeals from any aggrieved applicant concerning
any phase of a qualification examination given or conducted under the provisions of any Building, Plumb-
ing, or Electrical Code of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 4. The members of the Board of Appeals shall be appointed by the Mayor and Board of City
Commissioners. The first Board of Appeals shall be appointed as follows: two members shall be appointed

for three (3) years; two members shall be appointed for two (2) years; and three members shall be appointed
for one (l) year each; thereafter appointments shall be for a period of three (3) years. Provided, however,
any member may be removed by the Mayor and Board of Commissioners for cause.

SECTION 5. The Board shall adopt reasonable rules and regulations for the conducting of its
investigations and meetings and shall render all decisions and findings in writing to the proper parties.

Such decision shall be final, provided, however, an appeal from such decision or finding may be taken to
the Board of Commissioners within ten (10) days from the entry of such decision.

SECTION 6. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 7. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

SECTION 8. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

s/ C. D. Baker

ATTEST:	Mayor

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the l5th day of October, 1952, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Jarrett
and Whipple for recommendation, thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the
17th day of December, 1952, that at said meeting held on such day, the proposed ordinance was read in full
to the Board of Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

"Aye" Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole, Whipple and Mayor Baker

"Nay" None	Absent:	None

s/ C. D. Baker

ATTEST:	Mayor

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk