SECTION 3. Section 6 of Ordinance 503 is hereby repealed.

SECTION 4. Section 1 of Ordinance 717 is hereby amended to read as follows:

The Regulations for Nurseries and Child Care Facilities within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
as adopted by Ordinance No. 529 and the fees provided in Ordinance No. 503, are hereby added to, de-
leted, amended and changed as follows:

(a)	The Child Welfare Board of the City of Las Vegas shall meet at least once
a month for the purpose of approving applications for licenses for child
care facilities.

(b)	Any person, firm, association or corporation, institution or agency required to be
licensed, by Ordinance 503, Ordinance 529# Ordinance 717 or this Ordinance shall
make the proper application to the Supervisor of License and Revenue of the City
of Las Vegas. The application must be made in person and al1 necessary forms
completely filled out. Each application must be filed at least thirty (30) days
prior to the regularly scheduled meeting of the Child Welfare Board, in order
for the various departments of the City to make a complete investigation.

Proper forms for application will be furnished by the City.

(c)	After the approval or disapproval of an application by the Child Welfare Board,
the Secretary of said Board shall notify the License Bureau of the City in writ-
ing of its approval or disapproval. All reports of the various City Departments
shall be filed with the City Inspector who is assigned to operate with the Child
Welfare Board.

(d)	No day nursery or commercial nursery shall take any child under the age of two
(2) years. All children under the age of two (2) years must be kept in a home
so designated for that type only, or in a family day care home.

(e)	A family day care home is a family home which provides care for one or more, but
less than five children during the whole or any part of the day, and which pro-
vides care and an appropriate program according to the ages and needs of the
children. It shall not include within its scope the occasional care of a neigh-
bor’s, relative's or friend's child, with or without compensation, or where the
person does not regularly engage in such activity or where the parents on a mu-
tually cooperative basis exchange care of one another's children. The semi-an-
nual license fee for a family day care home shall be $10.00.

(f)	A day nursery is a facility which provides care for five or more but less than
ten children between the ages of two and sixteen during the whole or any part
of the day, and which provides care and an appropriate program according to the
ages and needs of the children. The semi-annual license fee for a day nursery
shall be $30.00.

(g)	A commercial nursery is a facility which provides care for ten or more children
between the ages of two and sixteen during the whole or any part of the day,
and which provides care and an appropriate program according to the ages and
needs of the children. A commercial nursery shall be required to post with the
City a copy of a liability insurance policy in the amount of at least $10,000.00.

The semi-annual license fee for a commercial nursery shall be $60.00.

(h)	No license shall be issued for child care to any facility which cares for adult
roomers, provided, however, that a license may be issued if the adult roomers
sure related as parent and child, and if the care provided for the children is

a convenience for the adult roomers, provided, further, that not more than two
adult roomers may be cared for in such licensed child care facility.

(i)	All facilities operating under a license from the City of Las Vegas shall be open
to inspection by the proper authorities of the City of Las Vegas end the Child
Welfare Board at any and all times.

SECTION 5. The Rules and Regulations for child care facilities within the City of Las
Vegas, as adopted by Ordinance 529 are amended as follows:

Permits and Licenses

(a)	No license or permit shall be issued by the Child Welfare Board of the City of
Las Vegas until the location of the child care facility has been approved by
the Health Department, Building Department, Planning Department and the Fire
Department, and until all employees have been investigated and approved by the
Police Department, and paid the cost for such registration.

(b)	All licenses must be obtained at the office of the Supervisor of License and
Revenue, in the manner provided for other City licenses, upon payment of the
required license fees as provided in Section 4 of this Ordinance.

(c)	A license issued by the City of Las Vegas shall be issued in the same manner
and under the same conditions as other City licenses.

(d)	Any change in the management or address of the child care facility nullifies the
existing license. In accepting children for care, the facility must keep with-
in the limits of the license issued by the City of Las Vegas. The license
specifies the number and ages of children who may be cared for.

(e)	The application for a license must be acted, upon within sixty (60) days, and
either accepted or rejected. If no action is taken within said period, the
application shall be deemed accepted.

(f)	The license issued by the City of Las Vegas must be displayed in a prominent place
in the day care facility.