SECTION III.	PERMITS AND FEES

1. It shall be unlawful for any person to do any erection, conversion, alteration, addition, moving or con-
struction of or in a trailer park unless a permit has been applied for and obtained from the City of Las Vegas

for all building, plumbing and electrical work in compliance with this or any other applicable ordinance.

2.	No trailer park owner or operator shall erect, cause to be erected or permit the erection,
construction, reconstruction, relocation, alteration, maintenance or occupancy of any trailer, cabana,
ramada or other structure or addition within or to a trailer park unless he has first obtained a permit
as required herein.

3. In addition to those fees required herein, permits and fees shall be required for all concrete
curbs, gutters, sidewalks and patios by the Building Department prior to installation and said fees shall
be based upon the total cost charged for in accordance with the following;

TOTAL VALUATION	FEE

Less than $20.00	$ No Fee

$20.00 to $100.00	1.00

$100.00 to $400.00	2.00

$400.00 to $700.00	4.00

$700.00 to $,000.00	6.00

Each Additional $1,000.00 to $15,000.00	2.00

Each Additional $1,000.00 to $50,000.00	1.00

Each Additional $1,000.00 	exceeding $50,000.00	.50

The Building Department shall inspect each trailer park and the installation and/pr construction thereon
of any item required herein by this Ordinance for compliance with the plans and conditional requirements
specified by the Board of Adjustment and/or the Board of City Commissioners in the approval of said plans.

4.	Permit Application Requirements - Every trailer park owner or operator required to obtain a
permit under the provisions of this Ordinance shall file an application therefor upon forms furnished by
the City Building Inspector, except that where the insurance of said permit requires the application by a
licensed contractor then such shall be required.

All such applications shall be in duplicate and accompanied by*

a.	Plans - Two (2) sets of plans and specifications together with complete mechanical and
structural plans of the work to be performed, drawn to a scale of not less than one-eighth inch (1/8") per
foot, each sheet of which shall be twenty-four by thirty two inches (24" X 32") in dimension. Such plans
shall show all trailer sites, roadways, walks, leaching fields, sewer and' water lines, electrical lines,
outlets and voltage, buildings, cabanas, ramadas, other structures and the septic tank location and
capacity or the connection to the public sanitation lines.

b.	Plot Plan - A plot plan of the trailer park drawn to a scale of not less than one (1) inch
per forty feet (40) showing the actual shape and dimensions of all trailer sites, accessory buildings,
roadways, signs, cabanas or ramadas with respect to other trailer sites and the exterior boundary of the
trailer park and shall also contain a “North point* legal description of the property within the trailer
park and a general location map.

5.	Annual Inspection - All trailer parks shall be inspected at least once a year, plus other
inspections as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the City.

6.	Change of Ownership - The City Building Inspector shall be notified by the new owner or

operator of any trailer park of any change of name, ownership or possession thereof. Said notice shall

be in written form and shall be furnished within fifteen (15) days from and after any change in name

or transfer of ownership or possession.

SECTION IV	GENERAL PROVISIONS

1.	Animals or Fowl - No dogs shall be permitted to run at a large in any trailer park. No
barnyard animals or poultry shall be permitted in any trailer park.

2.	Areaways - There shall be an unobstructed graveled or paved surface not less than four (4)
feet wide adjoining and surrounding any building, except those areas maintained with lawns or plants.

3.	Cabana Rental -	No	structure	nor	cabana on any trailer site may be occupied unless the site

is tenanted	by a trailer and	no	structure	nor	cabana may be occupied by any	occupants	other than those

occupying the trailer tenanting the site.

4.	Caretaker - It is unlawful for any person to operate or maintain or permit the operation or
maintenance of any trailer park unless there is a caretaker, owner or manager in the park. Said caretaker
shall enforce within the park the provisions of this ordinance governing the operation and maintenance of
trailer parks.

5.	Certificates of Use and Occupancy - In no case shall a trailer coach be placed on, nor shall
any trailer park be used or occupied prior to the issuance of a Certificate of Use and Occupancy as re-
quired by the Land Use Ordinance, and a final certificate of approval from the Health Department of the
water and sewerage facilities provided.

6. Drainage - Every trailer park shall be located and constructed on a well drained area, and
such premises shall be properly graded so as to provide for the drainage of storm and casual water and to
prevent its accumulation. To this end the Board of Adjustment may require the submission of a topography
map and grading plan of the trailer park property.

7.	Driveways - Every trailer site shall have access to and abut upon a driveway and said drive-
way shall have clear and unobstructed access to a public thoroughfare. No driveway shall be less than
twenty-eight (28) feet in width where trailer sites front on only one side of the driveway and not less
than thirty-six (36) feet in width if trailer sites front on both sides of the driveway, except that where
off-driveway parking for guests is provided as specified in Section IV, subsection 18 of this ordinance
then said driveway shall be not less than twenty four (24) feet in clear and unobstructed width.

a. All driveways shall be paved to the full width as specified herein with two (2) inch road-
mix paving or its approved equal and roll type or "L" type concrete curbs shall be installed.