SECTION 15. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be
placed in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-18 Bond Interest
and Redemption Fund”, and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially ap-
propriated to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter
authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improve-
ments; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made,
and shall not be used for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 16, That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-officio City
Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City Assessor, whose name appears on
said assessment roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied against said per-
son and the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-18, and shall state
therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 17. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore
taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the paving, curbing, gutter-
ing and otherwise improving certain streets and parts of streets in said Street Improvement Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-18, toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments
to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions, and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, cause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances
shall hot affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other in-
stance.

SECTION 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that
this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 21. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordin-
ance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 3rd day of December, 1952.

s/ Reed Whipple

(SEAL)	Mayor Pro Tem

Attests

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk 

Commissioners voting in favor of the foregoing Ordinance:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,

Peccole and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple.

Those voting "Nay": None	Absent:	Mayor Baker.

s/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

Attest;

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) 

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

MORNING SUN, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from December 8, 1952 to December 15, 1952 inclusive, being the issued of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: December 8, 15, 1952	That said newspaper was regularly issued and cir-

culated on each of the dates above named.

Signed Richard Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th day of December, 1952.

s/ Barbara J. Greenspun
Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada

My Commission expires Mar. 17, 1956