on the premises.

(c)	"Taxi Drivers" will include all persons who drive any motor vehicle or conveyance used in the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, for the purpose of transporting persons for hire, save and except
those persons employed for hire to transport persons in interstate traffic exclusively, and those persons
far hire to operate buses which operate under a City franchise.

(d)	"Alcoholic Beverages" shall mean and include any and all distilled or rectified spirits, pot-
able alcohol, brandy, whiskey, rum, gin, aromatic bitters, beer, wine and every liquid or solid containing
alcohol capable of being consumed by a human being.

Section 3. Policy.- - It is hereby declared to be the policy of the City of Las Vegas, as herein
expressed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, that the safety, morals, good order and
general welfare of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas will be better protected and served, by requir-
ing the registration with the Police Department of said City, and the thumb, fingerprinting, and photograph-
ing of all employees of gambling houses, taxi drivers, and employees of establishments where alcoholic bever-
ages are sold at retail and served on the premises, as such employees and establishments are defined in
Section 2 of this Ordinance.

Section 4. (a) It shall be unlawful for any person to accept employment in any gambling house,
or as a driver or operator of any taxi cab, or in any establishment where alcoholic beverages, as defined in
Section 2 of this Ordinance, are sold at retail and consumed on the premises, unless such person shall first
have registered his name and address with the Police Department of the City and shall have had his thumbprints,
fingerprints, and photograph taken and filed with the Bureau of Identification of the City and have received
a certificate showing compliance therewith".

(b)	Every person seeking to be registered under the provisions of this Ordinance shall first
pay to the City of Las Vegas the sum of ONE DOLLAR AND TWENTY-FIVE CENTS ($1.25), as a condition precedent
to having issued to him or her the certificate provided in Section 5 hereof.

(c)	Every person registered pursuant to the provisions of this Ordinance seeking a replacement
or reissuance of a certificate previously issued to him or her shall pay the City of Las Vegas the sum of
Fifty Cents ($.50) for such replaced or reissued certificate.

Section 5. Upon such employee complying with the Provisions of Section 4 hereof, the Chief of
Police shall issue to such employee a temporary certificate showing compliance therewith, such temporary cer-
tificate to be valid until the certificate provided in Section 6 is Issued, provided, however, that no tem-
porary certificate shall be valid for more than sixty (60) days. The Bureau of Identification shall forth-
with send a copy of such imprints to the Bureau of Identification of the State of California, and one copy
to the Identification Bureau of the Federal Bureau of Investigation at Washington D.C., with the request
that all information as to the previous record, if any, of such person be forthwith transmitted to the Bureau
of Identification at Las Vegas, Nevada. Upon receipt of such information, the Bureau of Identification at
Las Vegas shall forthwith notify the Chief of Police of Las Vegas. The information, if any, received as
aforesaid, shall be treated as confidential and shall only be made accessible to the Mayor and Board of Com-
missioners of the City, the City Manager, the employer of such person, and to law enforcement officers.

Section 6.

(a)	Upon such employee complying with the provisions of Section 4 of this Ordinance, and after
the Chief of Police shall receive the information provided in Section 5, the Chief of Police shall issue a
certificate valid for one year from the date of issue, showing compliance therewith and immediately invalidate
the temporary certificate issued under Section 5 hereof; provided, however, that the Chief of Police shall have
power and authority to refuse a certificate to any person who has been convicted of a felony, if in his op-
inion, he deems that such person is not a fit and proper person to have such certificate.

(b)	Upon the expiration of such certificate, each employee required to be registered under the
terms of this Ordinance shall have reissued to him or her a new certificate valid for one year, upon the pay-
ment of fee provided in Section 4 (d) of this Ordinance.

(c)	When the Chief of Police shall have issued any certificate to any individual as a gambling
house employee, employee of an establishment where alcoholic beverages are sold, or taxi driver, as defined
in Section 2, the same may be revoked at any time thereafter by the Chief of Police if it shall appear that
such individual has been convicted of a felony, or have been convicted of two or more misdemeanors.

Section 7. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation operating a gambling game,
a taxi cab or an establishment where alcoholic beverages are sold at retail for consumption on the premises,
to employ any person required to register with the Police Department by the terms of this Ordinance, unless
such person shall have so registered with the Police Department of the City and have a valid, subsisting
certificate.



Section 8. Every person heretofore licensed as required by Ordinance No. 305, shall on or before
one year from the effective date of this ordinance secure a re-issuance of the certificate heretofore issued,
and all certificates issued previous to the date of this Ordinance shall, become invalid one year from the
effective date of this Ordinance.

Section 9. Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance, shall, upon conviction,
be punished by a fine of not more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail
for not more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

Section 10. Effect of Invalidity. — If any part, provision or section of this ordinance or the
application thereof to any person or circumstances shall be held invalid by any Court of competent juris-
diction, the remainder of this Ordinance or the application of such part, provision or section to any other
person or circumstances, shall not be affected thereby.

Section 11. Effective Date. — This Ordinance shall be in effect on and after its passage, adop-
tion and publication thereof in Las Vegas Morning Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas,
for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.

APPROVED:

s/ Reed Whipple __________________________

Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)