ORDINANCE NO. 54O

AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING A MINIMUM FINE SCHEDULE FOR VIOLATIONS OF PARKING ORDINANCES OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS;
PROVIDING FOR INCREASES IN SCHEDULE FOR FAILING TO PAY SAID FINES WITHIN CERTAIN PRESCRIBED TIMES; PROVIDING
 FOR IMPOUNDING VEHICLES UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS; PROVIDING FOR OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; RE-
 PEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. The following schedule for parking offenses is hereby established:

(a)   For parking a vehicle in an area posted with a parking time limit or in a space
equipped with a parking meter longer than the prescribed time, and when said ve-
hicle or the owner thereof has received a written notice of such violation in
accordance with any of the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, a fee of One
Dollar ($1.00), provided said amount is paid on or before the 9th day after said
notice is issued.

(b)	For parking a vehicle in an area posted with a parking time limit or in a space
equipped with a parking meter longer than the prescribed time, and when said ve-
hicle or the owner thereof has received a written notice of such violation in acc-
ordance with any of the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, a fee of Two Dollars
($2.00), if said notice is properly disposed of on the 10th day or thereafter and
before the 20th day after issuance.

(c)	For parking a vehicle in an area posted with a parking time limit or in a space
equipped with a parking meter longer than the prescribed time, and when said ve-
hicle or the owner thereof has received a written notice of such violation in
accordance with any of the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas, a fee of Three
Dollars($3.00), if said notice is properly disposed of on the 20th day or there-
after, and provided further, that a warrant of arrest shall be issued if said
notice is ignored for more than thirty (30) days after its issuance.

(d)	 For any other non moving violations of the ordinance of the City, the minimum

fee prescribed by ordinance or by the Municipal Court shall be doubled if said
violation is not properly disposed of by the 10th day and before the 20th day
after notice of violation is issued; and shall be tripled if said violation
is not properly disposed of by the 20th day after notice of violation is issued;
and provided further that a complaint will be filed and a warrant of arrest
issued for appearance in court if said notice is ignored for more than thirty
(30) days after its issuance.

SECTION 2. In addition to any other times heretofore provided for the Police Department to impound
  vehicles, members of the Police Department are hereby authorized to remove a vehicle from a street, highway,
alley or other public place to the nearest garage or other place of safety, or to a garage designated or main-
tained by the Police Department, or otherwise maintained by this City under the circumstances hereinafter
enumerated.

(a)	When	any	vehicle	is	left	unattended	within fifteen (15) feet of a fire hydrant.

(b)	When	any	vehicle	is	left	unattended	in a crosswalk whether marked or not.

(c)	When	any	vehicle	is	left	unattended	between 2:00 o’clock A.M., and 5:00 O'clock A.M.,

on Fremont Street between 2nd and Main Streets and on South 2nd Street from Fremont to
the alley in the 100 Block, as provided in Chapter 36, Section 68, Code of Las Vegas,

Nevada, 1949 as amended.

(d)	Whenever an officer removes a vehicle from the street as authorized in this section
and the Police Department knows, or is able to ascertain from the registration records
in the vehicle, the name and address of the owner thereof, the designated division

of the Police Department for handling such matters shall take steps as necessary to
give notice to the owner of such removal and the reason therefor, and of the place
to which such vehicle has been removed. If such vehicle is not called for within
a period of forty-eight (48) hours the said department will give notice to the owner
in writing as to the removal of the vehicle, the place it was stored and the reason
for the removal. In the event it is stored in a public garage a copy of such notice
shall be given to the proprietor of such garage.

(e)	Whenever an officer removed a vehicle from a street under this section and does not
know and is not able to ascertain the name of the owner, or for any other reason

is unable to give the notice to the owner as hereinbefore provided, and in the event
the vehicle is not returned to the owner within a period of three days, then and in
that event, the officer shall immediately send or cause to be sent written report
of such removal by mail to the State Department whose duty it is to register motor
vehicles, and shall file a copy of such notice with the proprietor of any public
garage in which the vehicle may be stored. Such notice shall include a complete
description of the vehicle, the date, time and place from which removed, the reasons
for such removal and name of the garage or place where the vehicle is stored.

(f)	Whenever a vehicle has been removed from the public street as authorized in this
section, the owner or person exercising control over said vehicle shall pay to the
garage who acted as agent for the Police Department in towing this vehicle and the
storage of said vehicle, the full, amount of the two and storage charge incurred.

The Police Department may be authorized to accept this fee when it is not convenient
to pay the designated agent, or when it is towed by City owned tow truck or stored on
City owned property. Prior to the release of this vehicle a Bail must be posted for
the offense that was committed that cause this vehicle to be removed from the streets.

No vehicle shall be released until said charge or bail has been posted.

SECTION 3. Sections 125 and 142 of Chapter 36, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, only ao far as in-
consistent with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

SECTION 4. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.