SECTION 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and
reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

SECTION 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by
said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objections thereto with
the City Clerk on or before Wednesday, the 19th day of February, 1958, at 7:30 o'clock
P.M. at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are hereby fixed as the time
and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor
will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review
said assessment.

SECTION 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk,
she shall give notice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet
to review the assessments by publication at least once a week for two weeks in the Las
Vegas Review Journal a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, and by mail-
ing said notice, postage prepaid, as first class mail, at least fifteen days prior to
such hearing, to the last known address of each last known owner of land within the
district whose property will be assessed for the cost of the improvements, such addresses
and owners being those appearing on the local property assessment rolls for general (ad
valorem) taxes of the County of Clark wherein said property is located. Whenever any
notice is mailed as herein provided, the fact that the person to whom it was addressed
does not receive it shall not in any manner invalidate or effect the legality of the
notice thereby given. Said notice shall be in the form prescribed by the charter of
the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as afore-
said, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and then,

or at some adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear and objection to said assess-

ments which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved thereby, and shall decide
the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or description of the
premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected,
or said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision,
or annul it and direct a new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City
Clerk shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which

shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein
provided, it shall be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to
said County Assessor, Acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, the assessment roll as confirmed
by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such confirmation, and of the
date thereof. The County Assessor, Acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon,
without extra compensation, record such assessment roll in his office, and append
thereto his certificate of the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all per-
sons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents of such assessment roll, and it
shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all pro-
ceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and
assessment roll.

SECTION 14. That all special assessments, assessed as foresaid, shall from the
date of confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots
or parcels of land assessed. The special assessments thereafter shall be and remain a
lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until paid.

SECTION 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the Office of
the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, Acting Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-
Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within four weeks after said
special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and without demand;
provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the
owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to
pay the whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said period of four weeks shall
be conclusively considered and held an election on the part of all persons interested,
whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such
election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office
of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of
principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on
or before the 1st day of March, 1959, and the remainder of said installments shall be
due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until
paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of
principal from the 1st day of March, 1958, at the same rate of interest as that pro-
vided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and
delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the
office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest being
due and payable on the 1st day of March, 1959, and the remainder of said annual install-
ments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of March in each year thereafter.
Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause
the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately and the whole
amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at
the rate of ten per centum (10%) per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time
prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments,