AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK )

) SS.

STATE OF NEVADA )

RICHARD LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS
MORNING SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper
for a period of 2 weeks from June 24, 1956 to July 1, 1956 inclusive, being the issues of said news-
paper for the following dates, to-wit: June 24, July 1, 1956. That said newspaper was regularly
issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ RICHARD LOCHRIE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of July, 1956.

/s/ BARBARA J. GREENSPUN
NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires March 17, 1960

ORDINANCE NO. 718

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 677 KNOWN AS THE SOLICITATIONS ORDINANCE BY CLARIFYING A SOLI-
CITATION AND DEFINING CHARITABLE OR WELFARE PURPOSES; BY PROVIDING EXEMPTIONS FROM THE PROVISIONS OF
THE ORDINANCE; PROVIDING STANDARDS FOR THE GRANTING OF PERMITS; PROVIDING FOR A BOND UPON THE ISSUANCE
OF A PERMIT; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCE OR PARTS OF
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH; AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 1 of Ordinance No. 677 is hereby amended to read as follows:

DEFINITIONS:	"Solicit" or "Solicitation" means and includes the request directly or indirectly

for money, credit, property, financial assistance, or other thing of value on the plea or representa-
tion that such money, credit, property, financial assistance or other thing of value will be used
for charitable or welfare purposes (as the term "charitable or welfare purposes" is herein defined),
and also means and includes, but shall not be limited to, the sale of, offer or attempt to sell any
advertisement, advertising space, book, card, coupon, device, magazine, membership including sustain-
ing memberships, but not continuing or new memberships in a recognized service, veteran's or civic
organization, merchandise, subscription, tag, ticket or other thing in connection with which any appeal
is made for any charitable or welfare purpose, or where the name of any organization for charitable
or welfare purposes is used or referred to in any such appeal as an inducement or reason for making
any such sale or when any part of the proceeds from any such sale will go or be donated to any charit-
able or welfare purpose.

A "solicitation" as defined herein shall be deemed completed when communicated to any person then
located within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, whether or not the person making the
solicitation is located within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, and whether or not the
person making such solicitation receives any contribution or makes any sale referred to herein.

"Charitable or welfare purposes" means and includes the use, actual or represented, of money or
property for the benefit in any manner of poor, impoverished, destitute, under-privileged, needy,
sick, refugee or cripple persons; the use, actual or represented, of money, or property for the benefit
of any church, congregation, religious society or any other religious sect, group or order; the use,
actual or represented, of money or property for patriotic purposes, such as the teaching of patriotism
or the relief or assistance of any veteran, or the benefit of any veteran's organization or association,
or any purpose purporting to aid defense or general welfare of the United States of America or the
State of Nevada or any state or nation or for the relief of any race or group of people; the use,
actual or represented, of money of property, for civic purposes, such as social or cultural functions
or the improvement or beautification of any state, city, or community; the use, actual or represented
of money or property for the benefit of any fraternal or social organization or association; the use,
actual or represented, of money or property for the benefit of existing educational institutions or
for the establishment or endowment of educational institutions or in aid and assistance for the
education of any person or group of persons.

"Person" means and includes any natural person, firm, partnership, corporation, association, or
organization.

"Principal" means the organization or person upon whose behalf or under whose sponsorship a soli-
citation is made or proposed to be made.

"Agent" shall mean any individual who receives any commission or remuneration of any kind either
directly or indirectly for making any solicitation or collection under the sponsorship or in behalf
of any other person.

"Funds" shall mean money, credit, property, financial assistance, or other thing of value.

SECTION 2. Section 2 of Ordinance No. 677 is hereby amended to read as follows:

EXEMPTIONS. The following are exempt from the provisions of this Ordinance:

Any solicitation made upon premises owned or occupied by the association upon whose behalf such
solicitation is made.

Any solicitation for the relief of any individual specified by name at the time of the solicitation
where the solicitor represents in each case that the entire amount collected, without any deduction
whatever, shall be turned over to the names beneficiary.

Any association soliciting contributions solely from persons who are members thereof at the time
of such solicitation.