ORDINANCE NO. 513

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 24, SECTION 16, CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY PROVIDING FOR THE REGULA-
TIONS FOR AN R-1 (SINGLE FAMILY RESIDENCE) USE DISTRICT; BY EXCLUDING SMALL LIVESTOCK FARMING FROM SUCH
DISTRICT; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATING THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Chapter 24, Section 16, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 is hereby amended to read
as follows:

A.	USES PERMITTED:

1.	One family dwellings of a permanent character, placed in a permanent location.

2.	The following agricultural uses:	Field crops, truck gardening, berry or bush crops, tree

crops, flower gardening, orchards, greenhouses for purposes of propagation and culture when incidental to
the residential use of the property and not for commercial purposes.

3.	Uses customarily incidental to any of the above uses, including home occupations or the office
of a physician, dentist, minister of religion or other similar profession provided:

(a)	That such office is situated in the same dwelling unit as the home of the occupant;

(b)	That such office shall not be used for the general practice of medicine, surgery, den-
tistry, but may be used for consultation and emergency treatment as an adjunct to a principal office;

(c)	That there shall be no assistants employed.

4. Accessory buildings and uses incidental to each single family dwelling when placed upon the
same lot or parcel of land and not used or operated commercially, but not including guest houses, acces-
sory living quarters or accessory dwellings.

5. The following additional uses, subject to the issuance of a Use Permit in each case as provided
in Section 28 of this chapter.

(a)	Public and Quasi-public uses, churches.

(b)	Real Estate offices, temporary only.

B.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	BUILDING SITE AREA REQUIRED:

The minimum building site area for each one family dwelling shall be six thousand (6,000) square
feet; the minimum frontage shall be sixty (60) feet, except in the case of recorded lots which can be used
as provided in section 12 of this chapter.

D.	FRONT YARD REQUIRED:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either the front property line
of the building site or the line of any future street as provided in Section 26 of this chapter or as
shown upon any official street plan, or Master Plan of the City.

E.	SIDE YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) per cent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five
(5) feet in width.

F.	REAR YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a rear yard not less then twenty-five (25) percent of the average depth of the lot,
but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet.

SECTION 2. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

SECTION 4. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

s/ Reed Whipple

ATTEST:	Mayor Pro Tem

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 19th day of November, 1952, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker
and Peccole for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the
3rd day of December, 1952, which was the regular meeting held on the 3rd day of December, 1952, that at
said regular meeting held on the 3rd day of December, 1952, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the
Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	Mayor Baker

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

s/ Shirley Ballinger	s/ Reed Whipple

City Clerk	Mayor Pro Tem