"Person" means and includes any natural person, firm, partnership, corporation, association, or
organization.

"Principal" means the organization or person upon whose behalf or under whose sponsorship a solici-
tation is made or proposed to he made.

"Agent" shall mean any individual who receives any commission or remuneration of any kind either
directly or indirectly for making any solicitation or collection under the sponsorship or in behalf of
any other person.

"Funds" shall mean money, credit, property, financial assistance, or other thing of value.

SECTION 2. EXEMPTIONS. The following are exempt from the provisions of this Ordinance:



Any solicitation made upon premises owned or occupied by the association upon whose behalf such
solicitation is made.

Any solicitation for the relief of any individual specified by name at the time of the solicita-
tion where the solicitor represents in each case that the entire amount collected, without any deduction
whatever, shall be turned over to the named beneficiary.

Any association soliciting contributions solely from persons who are members thereof at the time
of such solicitation.

Solicitations made solely for evangelical, missionary or religious purposes.

SECTION 3. APPLICATION. Any person desiring to solicit funds for charitable or welfare purposes
in the City of Las Vegas, as Principal or Agent, shall file with the City Clerk an application in writ-
ing showing the following:

1.	The name of the applicant.

2.	The nature of the applicant, whether a natural person, partnership, corporation or associa-
tion, and,

(a)	If a natural person, his address.

(b) If a partnership, the names and both business and residence addresses of ai1 partners.

(c) If a corporation, the laws under which such corporation was organized; the address of the
Las Vegas office of such corporation, and the names and addresses of all officers and di-
rectors or trustees of said corporation.

(d)	If an association, the principal office and place of business of the association, and the
names and addresses of all members of the association unless they exceed twenty in number,
in which case the application shall so state, and the names and addresses of the officers of
the association shall be given.

3.	The charitable or welfare purpose for which the funds are to be solicited, together with a de-
tailed account of their intended use. No general terms shall be employed and the applicant shall state
the purpose and use in detail.

4. The name or names of the person or persons, or officers or trustees authorized to disburse
the proceeds of the solicitation.

5.	The name or names of the person or persons or officers or trustees who will be in direct
charge, or control of the solicitation of funds.

6.	The period within which the solicitation of funds is to be made, giving the date of begin-
ning and ending.

7. A complete outline of the methods and means by which the solicitation of funds is to be ac-
complished.

8. The total amount of funds proposed to be raised.

9. A detailed schedule of salaries, wages, fees, commissions, expenses and costs to be ex-
pended and paid in connection with the solicitation and collection of funds, showing the manner of pay-
ment, the maximum percentage of funds collected which are to be used to pay such expenses of solicitation
and collection.

10.	A detailed and complete financial statement of the person applying for the permit and a
statement showing all receipts from solicitation of funds and disbursements thereof for one year immed-
iately preceding the date of filing of the applications, or from the last previous solicitation, if none
took place within the year next preceding such filing.

11.	The names and addresses of all individuals who will act as agents for the applicant, and the
names and addresses of any organization or company employed by the applicant to participate in such so-
licitation.

12.	A statement to the effect that if a permit is granted, such permit will not be used as dr rep-
resented to be an endorsement by the City of Las Vegas or any of its officers or employees.

13. A statement that the applicant (including all partners, officers, directors, or trustees of
applicant) has not been convicted of violating this ordinance or any criminal law amounting to a felony
or any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude in this or any other state, within a period of seven years
next preceding the filing of the application.