(1)	Lots 1 and 3, Block 1, which abut the easement
along the west side of Lot 3, Block 1.

(2)	Lot 8, Block 1 and Lot 1, Block 2, which abut
and adjoin Campbell Drive.

(3)	Lot 13, Block 2 and Lot 1, Block 3, which abut
and adjoin Cahlan Drive.

(4)	Lot 8, Block 3, which abuts and adjoins Strong
Drive.

and also the unsubdivided area abutting and adjoining Strong
Drive on the east side thereof, extending 200 feet south of
Charleston Boulevard.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality
to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspec-
tion and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City
on Wednesday, the 18th day of June. 1952, at the hour of 7:30 o’clock P.M. to hear and consider any sugges-
tions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any matter
relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed
in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed improvements or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any sug-
gestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice
shall by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper
published in said City of Las Vegas, and also by posting said notices in three public places near the site
of said proposed work.

NOTICE

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO INSTALL A SANITARY SEWER SYSTEM ALONG CERTAIN STREETS AND PORTIONS
OF STREETS AND EASEMENTS, TO CREATE SANITARY SEWER ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-5 AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE
COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREFOR.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on the 4th day of June. 1952, The Board of Commissioners and Mayor of
the City of las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board’s determination to make
certain public improvements by installing a sewer system along certain streets and parts of streets therein,
composed of eight inch vitrified clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required,to create a
special assessment district designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5 therefor, and

to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to benefits against
the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements and includ-
ed within said district.

The streets and parts of streets in and along which the Board proposes to install eight inch vit-
rified clay pipe, are the following:

In Ashby Avenue from 115.77 feet east of the center line
of Cashman Drive to Strong Drive; in the easement on the
west side of Lots 3 and l6, Block 1, 385.00 feet north to
existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the center line
of Charleston Boulevard; in Campbell Drive, 385.00 feet
north to existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the
center line of Charleston Boulevard; in Cahlan Drive 385.00
feet north to existing sanitary sewer 6*00 feet north of
the center line of Charleston Boulevard; in Strong Drive
from Ashby Avenue 663.55 feet north to the existing sani-
tary sewer 6.00 feet north of the center line of Charleston
Boulevard; all of above described area lying wholly within
the McNeil Tract Subdivision.

Street Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5 shall include all the lots, premises and property
to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets and ease-
ments, excepting:

In the McNeil Tract as shown by the Records of the County
Recorder’s Office, Clark County, Nevada

(1)	Lots 1 and 3, Block 1, which abut the easement
along the west side of Lot 3, Block 1

(2)	Lot 8, Block 1 and Lot 1, Block 2, which abut
and adjoin Campbell Drive

(3)	Lot 13, Block 2 and Lot 1, Block 3, which abut
and adjoin Cahlan Drive

(10 Lot 8, Block 3, which abuts and adjoins Strong
Drive

and also the unsubdivided area abutting and adjoining
Strong Drive on the east side thereof, extending 200
feet south of Charleston Boulevard.

Said ordinance adopted and approved the 4th day of June, 1952, and the plats, diagrams and plans
of the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, are on file
for public inspection and examination in the office of the City Clerk of Las Vegas, Nevada, and all persons
interested are hereby referred to the same for further information.

Said Board of Commissioners will meet at the City Hall at the corner of Stewart and 5th Streets