That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish notice of
the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments once a week for
two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, in the
manner prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended.

Section 2. Section l4 of Emergency Ordinance No. 488 is hereby amended to read as follows:

That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer of Clark
County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, within one week after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and
without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the owner,
be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided* Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any
part thereof, within said period of one week shall be conclusively considered and held an election on the
part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case
of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of said Ex-
officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which
installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of June, 1953, and the remain-
der of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year there-
after until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments or principal
from the 1st day of June, 1952, at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assess-
ment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%)
per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of
interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of June, 1953. and the remainder of said annual install-
ments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of June in each year thereafter. Failure to pay
any installment, whether or principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal
to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest
shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but at any
time prior to the day of sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest there -
on, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in install-
ments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default
as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest ac-
cruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County
on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of
said County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the
County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of
Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same
time as other State and County taxes are collected, except as herein specifically provided.

Section 3. Section 21 of Emergency Ordinance No. 488 is hereby amended to read as follows:

That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final read-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall
become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

Section 4. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

Section 5. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, stick judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances,
shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other
instances.

Section 6. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to Improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists and this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 7. That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately follow-
ing its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and
this ordinance shall, become effective immediately following the second publication thereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED and APPROVED this 27th day of June, 1952.

s/ C.D. Baker
Mayor 

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker___________

Those voting "Nay":	None.

Absent:	Commissioners Jarrett and Peccole.

s/ C.D. Baker
Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk