the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: March 22, 29, 1954. That said newspaper

was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed A. F. Schellack_____________________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 29th day of March, 1954

Neola Gierhart

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires April l4, 1954

ORDINANCE NO. 594

AN ORDINANCE TO REGULATE AND CONTROL THE POSTING AND MAINTAINING OF OUTSIDE ADVERTISING SIGNS OF MOTELS,

MOTOR COURTS, AND LIKE ESTABLISHMENTS: AND PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF.

WHEREAS, the economic growth of Las Vegas is due in part to the great tourist trade brought into the are

and

WHEREAS, it has been brought to the attention of the Commission that numerous unfair practices exist
in the posting of signs for motels and like accommodations advertising a price that in fact does not
exist at such place and accommodation; and

WHEREAS, the commission has determined it to be in the public welfare and interest to regulate such
a conduct;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AS
FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. For the purpose of this Ordinance certain terms and words are defined as follows:

"Outdoor Sign" or Outside Sign" as used in this Ordinance means any sign visible to passers-by
whether the same shall be located within or without buildings.

"Room Rates" as used in this Ordinance means the rates at which rooms or other accommodations are
rented to occupants.

"Operator" as used in this Ordinance includes a manager or any person in charge of the operation of
motels and like establishments. "Operator" or "owner" includes natural persons, firms and corporations.

it

SECTION 2. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within the scope
of this ordinance, located within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to post or maintain posted on any outdoor
or outside advertising sign pertaining to such establishment, any rates for accommodations in such
establishment unless the sigh shall have posted thereon both the minimum and maximum room, or other
rental unit rates for accommodations offered for rental. All, posted rates and descriptive data
required by this section shall be in type and material of the same size and prominence as the aforesaid
data. This section shall not be held to be complied with by signs stating the rate per person or
bearing the legend "and up", from, to, per - or any other words or indications tending to be
deceptive.

SECTION 3. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within the scope of
this ordinance to post or maintain posted an outdoor or outside advertising signs rates for
accommodations in any such establishment unless there shall be available in any such establishment,
when vacant, accommodations for immediate occupancy to meet the posted rates on such advertising
signs.

SECTION 4. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within the scope of
this ordinance to post or maintain outdoor or outside advertising signs in connection with any such
establishment relating to rates which shall have thereon any untrue , misleading, false, or fraudulent
representations.

SECTION 5. Nothing contained in this ordinance shall be construed as to require any establishment
within the scope of this ordinance to have outdoor or outside signs. This ordinance, however, shall be
liberally construed so as to prevent untrue, misleading, false, or fraudulent representations relating
to rates, being placed upon outdoor or outside signs pertaining to such establishment.

SECTION 6. This ordinance shall apply to operators and owners of motels, hotels, motor courts, and
like establishments, and to such establishments.

SECTION 7. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within the scope
of this ordinance to post or maintain outdoor or outside advertising signs advertising a rate other or
different than the rate filed with the City of Las Vegas for such establishment in compliance with
Ordinance No. 568 of the City Of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. Any violation of this ordinance, or any provision herein contained, shall constitute a
misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, the offender shall be punished by a fine of not more than
$500.00, or imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and
imprisonment in addition to any other penalties provided by law.

SECTION 9. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and
final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 10. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Shirley Ballinger	C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on