SECTION 7. EMERGENCY CASES. In cases where it reasonably appears that there is immediate danger to the
life and safety of any person unless a "dangerous building" as defined herein is immediately repaired,
vacated, or demolished, the Building Inspector shall report such facts to the City Commission and the City
Commission shall cause the immediate repair, vacation, or demolition of such "dangerous building". The
costs of such emergency repair, vacation or demolition of such "dangerous building" shall be collected in
the same manner as provided in Section 5 subsection (e) hereof.

SECTION 8. WHERE OWNER ABSENT FROM THE CITY. In cases, except emergency cases, where the owner,
occupant, lessee, or mortgagee is absent from the city all notices or orders provided for herein shall
be sent by registered mail to the owner, occupant, mortgagee, lessee and all other persons having an apparent
interest in said building to the last known address of each, and a copy of such notice shall be posted in a
conspicuous place on the "dangerous building" to which it relates. Such mailing and posting shall be deemed
adequate service.

SECTION 9. ADMINISTRATIVE LIABILITY. No officer, agent, or employee of the City of Las Vegas shall
render himself personally liable for any damage that may accrue to persons or property as a result of any
act required or permitted in the discharge of his duties under this ordinance. Any suit brought against
any officer, agent, or employee of the City of Las Vegas as a result of any act required or permitted in
the discharge of his duties under this ordinance shall be defended by the City Attorney until the final
determination of the proceedings therein.

SECTION 10. DUTIES OF FIRE DEPARTMENT. The employees of the Fire Department shall make a report in
writing to the Building Inspector of all buildings or structures which are, may be, or are suspected to be
"dangerous buildings" within the terms of this ordinance. Such reports must be delivered to the Building
Inspector within 24 hours of the discovery of such buildings by any employee of the Fire Department.

SECTION 11. DUTIES OF POLICE DEPARTMENT. All employees of the Police Department shall make a report in
writing to the Building Inspector of any buildings or structures which are, may be, or are suspected
to be "dangerous buildings" within the terms of this ordinance. Such reports must be delivered to the
Building Inspector within 24 hours of the discovery of such buildings by any employee of the Police Dept.

SECTION 12. SEPARABILITY. It is the intention of the City Commission that each separate provision
of this ordinance shall be deemed independent of all other provisions herein, and it is further the
intention of the City Commission that if any provision of this ordinance be declared invalid, all other
provisions thereof shall remain valid and enforceable.

SECTION 13. Section 203 of Ordinance No. 526, is hereby repealed, and all other ordinances and parts of
ordinances in conflict herewith are also hereby repealed.

SECTION l4. That by reason of the fact that there are dangerous buildings within the City of Las Vegas
which need to be repaired, removed, or demolished, therefore it is hereby declared that an emergency exists
and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 15. This ordinance shall be in effect on and after its passage, adoption, and publication
thereof in the Las Vegas Review Journal a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, for a period of
once a week for two consecutive weeks immediately following its first reading.

ATTEST	APPROVED

Shirley Ballinger	C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor

Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett,

Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Baker. Nay's, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of June, 1954

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Shirley Ballinger	C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION