SECTION 6. APPLICATION FOR BUILDING PERMIT:	Applicant for a building permit to construct and establish

an Auto Trailer Park shall file an application therefor with the ‘Building Department, on a form to be
furnished by said department and filled in by the applicant. Complete information shall be filled in on
the Building Permit application and such other information as the Building Inspector may reasonably re-
quire. A plot plan in duplicate of said property shall be filed by applicant with his application, drawn
to a scale of not less than one-eighth (1/8) of an inch per foot, showing the location and dimensions of
all the Auto Trailer Units, roads, yard areas, all offices and accessory building, sewer connections,
electric outlets, toilets, showers and other essential requirements of this ordinance and other City
Ordinances involved.

SECTION 7. ZONING:	Subject to the provisions of this ordinance, Auto Trailer Parks may be established

and maintained only in certain Zones as are especially mentioned for Auto Trailer Parks in the text and
maps in the Zoning Ordinance and any amendments thereto.

SECTION 8: AREA: Each Auto Trailer Unit in every Auto Trailer Park shall contain not less than six
hundred and twenty-five (625) square feet of ground area and shall not be less than twenty (20) feet
in minimum width measured at right angles to the side lines thereof. The boundary lines of every Auto
Trailer Unit shall be plainly and permanently marked, or otherwise indicated.

SECTION 9. CLEAR SPACES:	There shall be a clearance of not less than ten (10) feet between Auto

Trailers.

There shall be a clearance of not less than five (5) feet between Auto Trailers and the interior pro-
perty lines of an Auto Trailer Court, and not less than three (3) feet from ary driveway. There will
be a setback clearance from the property lines of not less than five (5) feet.

SECTION 10:	ROADWAYS:	Every Auto Trailer Park shall have access to a public street either by abutting

directly on such street or by means of a private road not less than twenty (20) feet wide, exclusive of
parking areas, and such road shall be surfaced and so located that each and every Auto Trailer Unit
shall have direct access thereto. The entire area of every Auto Trailer Park excluding roadways’, shall
be thoroughly graveled, blacktopped or concreted, except those areas maintained with lawns and plants.

SECTION 11: AREAWAYS:	There shall be an unobstructed, graveled or paved surface areaway, not less than

four (4) feet wide, adjoining and surrounding ary buildings, except those areas maintained with lawns or
plants.

SECTION 12: SEWERS:	On each and every Auto Trailer Unit there shall be a connection to the Auto Park

Sewer, arranged so that the sinks or lavatories in any Auto Trailer may be readily connected -thereto,
and such connection shall be an arrangement approved by the Plumbing Inspector. Immediately after being
placed on an Auto Trailer Unit every Auto Trailer shall have its sink or lavatory connected to said
sewer or other approved sewage disposal by an approved air tight and gas tight connection. All sewer-
age other than a City Sanitary sewer must be approved by the Health Department. Every Trailer Park shall
have a cast iron, or other approved equivalent, main sewer, which shall comply with the rules and ordi-
nances governing sewers connected with the public sewer system of the City of Las Vegas, and which shall
not be less than four (4) inches in diameter.

SECTION 13:	WATER:	On each and/or every Auto Trailer Unit there shall be an ample supply of water,

as approved by local plumbing ordinance, from an approved water service for the use of the occupants
thereof. Not less than one (l) water outlet for each and every Auto Trailer Unit. All such water
outlets shall be adapted for hose connections. "Where water is obtained from other than an approved
culinary pipe line, the Trailer Park operator shall be required to submit one (l) water sample per
month to the Health Department for bacteriological examination.

SECTION l4:	BUILDINGS:	Office rooms for the keeping of the required records and accessory buildings for

toilets, urinals, showers, slop sinks, laundries and garbage enclosures shall be constructed according
to the general requirements of the Building Ordinance, Zoning Ordinance, Fire Regulation Ordinances and
Garbage Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

FLOOR DRAINS: An approved type of floor drain shall be installed in all concrete floors in all rooms
containing sanitary plumbing fixtures. Said floor drains shall be connected to the Auto Trailer Court
sewer. One outlet for water at or near each and every floor drain shall be installed.

SECTION 15:	PLUMBING FIXTURES:	In every Auto Trailer Park where ary or all of the following facili-

ties are provided there shall be installed not less than the following plumbing fixtures, except
trailer units which have independent sanitary facilities:

1.	One (1) public toilet and one (1) stall shower for each sex, for every eight (8)

Auto Trailer Units or fraction thereof.

2.	One (1) public urinal may be substituted to the extend of twenty-five per cent in men’s

section for every eight (8) Auto Trailer Units or fraction thereof.

3. One (1) public lavatory for each sex for every eight (8) Auto Trailer Unite or fraction thereof.

4. One (1) double compartment laundry tray and one (1) slop sink for every thirty-five (35) Auto
Trailer Units or fraction thereof} except where automatic machines are provided. Laundry
Yards may be established and their location shall be adjoining the accessory buildings.

Such laundry yards shall be constructed as to meet the requirements of the Building Depart-
ment. No laundry lines shall be allowed in the Auto Trailer Units.

SECTION 16:	GARBAGE CANS:	Every Auto Trailer Park shall be provided with an adequate number of sub-

stantial covered galvanized metal garbage cans, located within a central area or areas.

SECTION 17:	DISTANCE:	No Auto Trailer Unit shall be more than two hundred (200) feet from an accessory

building or sanitary fixtures required by this ordinance to serve said Auto Trailer Unit, except trailers
with self-contained sanitary facilities.

SECTION 18:	WASH RACKS:	In every Auto Trailer Park of fifteen (15) sites or more where Auto Trailers

or automobiles §re washed or are to be washed, there shall be installed a wash rack, and no washing shall
be done except on such wash rack. All such wash racks shall be paved with a continuous concrete floor
slab not less than fifteen (l5) feet by twenty-five (25) feet by four (4) inches thick and all parts
thereof shall slope towards an approved sand trap. For camps of less than fifteen (15) sites, the