MDB&M, including all property fronting on the Southerly line of Bonanza Road for a depth of two hundred
(200) feet, or to the rear boundaries of such property, whichever may he the lesser; thence North along
the said prolongation of the one-quarter ¼¼) Section line of Section 28, and the one-quarter (¼) Section
line of Section 28, to a point where said one-quarter (¼) Section line is intersected by a line twohun-
dred(200) feet Northerly of and parallel to the Northerly line of Bonanza Road; thence Eastwardly along
said line parallel with Bonanza Road to the true point of beginning, including all property fronting on
the Northerly line of Bonanza Road for a depth of two hundred (200) feet, or to the rear boundaries of such
properties, whichever may be the lesser, all situated within the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada.

SECTION 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the Plats, Diagrams, and Plans of the work and locality to
be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspec-
tion and examination.

SECTION 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City on
Wednesday, the 21st day of September, 1955 at the hour of 7.30 o'clock P.M., to hear and consider any sug-
gestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any mat-
ters relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be
filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any sug-
gestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said no-
tice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a
daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas and by posting said notices in at least three public
places near the site of said proposed work.

SECTION 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolu-
tions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the re-
maining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any on or more instances
shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability or validity of this ordinance in any other in-
stances.

SECTION 10. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately follow-
ing its final reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said
City, and this ordinance shall became effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 8th day of September, 1955.

(SEAL)

ATTEST:	/s/ C.D. BAKER

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER	Mayor

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 17th day of August, 1955 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Fountain
and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 8th
day of September, 1955 which was the recessed regular meeting held on the 8th day of September, 1955, and
at said meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as
first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Voting "Nay":	None Absent:	None

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

COUNTY OF CLARK, ) ss.

A.F. SCHELLACK, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW-

JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
Two (2) insertions from September 11, 1955 to September 18, 1955 inclusive, being the issues of said news-
paper for the following dates, to-wit: September 11, 18 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued and

circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ A.F. SCHELLACK

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 20th day of September, 1955.

/s/ NEOLA GIERHART___________

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires April 14, 1957.

ORDINANCE NO. 662

AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE FOR MAKING EXCAVATIONS IN THE PUBLIC STREETS, ALLEYS, AND EASEMENTS; PROVIDING FOR
THE ISSUANCE OF PERMITS THEREFORE; PROVIDING FOR REPLACEMENT AND REPAIR OF STREETS AFTER EXCAVATIONS; PRO-
VIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HERE-
WITH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. An excavation permit must first be secured from the Director of Public Works of the City
of Las Vegas before any person, partnership, corporation, association, or others makes any excavation in
any public street, alley, way, or easement. Permits must be secured at least twenty-four (24) hours prior
to the beginning of the excavation, provided however that if an emergency arises necessitating an immediate
excavation during the hours when the Department of Public Works office is not open for business, the per-
son making such excavation must notify the Police and Fire Departments of the City, giving the location of
the excavation, the time when the same will be made, and the extent thereof. A permit shall be secured from

the Department of Public Works on the next succeeding business day, whether the emergency work has been com-
pleted or not.