o.	Concrete Floors - If concrete floors are used they shall have a thickness of not less than
three and one-half (3½) inches.

p.	Foundations -

(1)	Every cabana shall be bolted with one-half (1/2) inch by ten (10) inch bolts at six (6)
feet on centers or otherwise securely anchored to a continuous concrete foundation. Sills shall be of
foundation grade redwood or pressure treated lumber of not less than two (2) inches thickness.

(2)	Concrete or masonry foundations and footings for all cabanas shall be designed to adequately
support the weight imposed on them in accordance with standard engineering practice. Concrete founda-
tions shall be set in undisturbed soil but in no event less than twelve (12) inches below grade.
Footings shall be not less than sixteen (16) inches wide. Foundation walls shall not be less than
eight (8) inches in width and not less than six (6) inches above grade. Foundations supporting masonry
walls shall be designed accordingly.

q.	Masonry Walls - Masonry walls shall be:

(1)	Not less than eight (8) inches in width.

(2)	Laid up in cement mortar.

(3)	Reinforced with appropriate steel and tied with properly designed bond beams.

(4) So designed and constructed as to withstand vertical live and dead loads imposed upon them and
to withstand a horizontal force from any direction of fifteen (15) pounds per square foot of wind
pressure on a vertical projection of the exposed surface of the walls.

(5) Walls described above shall be so designed as to admit of a rational analysis in accordance
with established principles of mechanics.

5. RAMADAS - A ramada or roof over a trailer or any portion thereof shall be designed and erected
as a free standing self-supporting structure to:

a.	Withstand vertical live and dead loads imposed upon it and to withstand a vertical uplift
or a horizontal force from any direction of fifteen (15) pounds per square foot wind pressure on a
vertical projection of exposed surface of the structure and

b.	Be securely bolted or anchored to the ground, and

c.	Constructed of approved one-hour fire resistive materials or of approved slow burning
material.

Location and Construction - A ramada or any portion thereof shall have a clearance of not less
than eighteen (18) inches in a vertical direction and not less than six (6) inches in a horizontal
direction from a trailer coach. Cross braces or structural ties shall not obstruct movement of any
trailer coach. The supporting structural members of a ramada shall not extend more than twelve (12)
feet horizontally beyond either side of a trailer coach nor shall any roof or eave projection extend
more than thirty (30) inches beyond the supporting structural members.

Prohibitions - No portion of a ramada shall be attached to any trailer coach. No side or end
of a ramada shall be enclosed or form a partial enclosure except that the roof of a ramada may be used
as a part of a cabana awning or carport and such enclosed area conforms to the requirements set forth
herein.

Cooking - Prohibited Toilet Location - Cooking within a ramada shall not be permitted nor shall
any cooking or heating appliances be installed therein. No toilet or bathroom shall be installed or
used within a ramada unless the room is so designed and arranged as to meet all the provisions of
this Ordinance. Facilities within a trailer coach are exempt from the provisions of this section.

Vents and Ducts - All vents and ducts projecting from a trailer coach through the roof of a
ramada shall be of an approved fire resistive slip-joint or an approved quick disconnect type.

SECTION VII	OPERATION AND SUPERVISION

1.	Occupancy and Use Certificate

No trailer park shall be used far occupancy until and unless a certificate of Use and Occupancy
has been applied for and received.

2.	Business License - No trailer park shall be used or occupied until a business license has
been obtained from the City of Las Vegas and no business license shall be issued until a final inspec-
tion and written approval is obtained from the City Health Department and a Certificate of Use and
Occupancy has been obtained from the City Building Inspector,

3.	Plot Elan Construction Plan and Business License in Park - The owner or operator of every
trailer park shall maintain in a conspicuous location the City business License, a copy of the approved
plot plan and the construction plan for which a permit has been issued and each site shall be designated
by number for identification.

4. Supervision - The owner, operator or person in charge of any trailer park shall comply with
the followings

a.	Keep a register of all persons staying in his park, which register shall be at all times open
to the inspection by the City, County, State or Federal Officers. Said register shall record the
names and home addresses of all persons staying in said trailer park, the date of their arrival and
departure, the state and license number of all automobiles and trailers.

b.	Maintain said park in a dean, orderly and sanitary condition at all times.

c.	Require that all trailer coaches and automobiles are located on their respective trailer
sites as required by this ordinance.

d.	Require all toilets in every trailer coach in said park to be sealed so that they cannot
be used during the entire time it remains on said park unless every plumbing fixture in the trailer
coach is connected to the park sewer during its entire stay in said trailer park.