Public - - - - --- ----------20.00

Private -------------- ----------- - - -	10.00

For each piece of water treating or water

using equipment - -- -- -- -- -- -- --	.50

For Vacuum breakers or back-flow
protective devices installed
subsequent to the installation of
the piping or equipment served

One to five ---------------	1.00

Over five, each - -- -- -- -- -- --	.10

For Lawn Sprinkler Heads

One to ten- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --	1.00

Over ten, each-    ---------------- - —	.10

Maximum fee for any permit for work -------

requiring inspection- ------------	2.50

Chapter 6. Section 609 is hereby amended to read as follows:

The drainage and plumbing system of each new building and of new
work installed in an existing building shall be separate and indepen-
dent of that of any other building, and every building shall have an
independent connection with a public or private sewer when available.

Exception:	Where one building stands in the rear of another

building on an interior lot and one private sewer is available or
can be constructed to the rear building through adjoining alley,
courtyard or driveway, the highest drain from the front building
may be extended to the rear building and the whole may be construed
as being one house drain or house sewer.

Chapter 7. Section 703 is hereby amended to read as follows:

The minimum sizes of vertical and/or horizontal drainage
and/or vent piping shall be determined from the distribution
and total of all fixture units connected thereto, and additional,
in the case of vertical soil, waster, and/or vent pipes, in
accordance with their length.

Table 3-VII shows the maximum number of fixture units allowed
on any vertical or horizontal soil or waste pipe, House Drain,
and/or House Sewer of a given size; the maximum number of fix-
ture units allowed on any branch interval of a given size; the
maximum length (in feet) of any vertical soil, waste and/or vent
pipe of a given size; the maximum number of fixture units
allowed on any one vent or vent stack of a given size.

Every building in which soil or waste piping is installed
and every connection to a sewage disposal system shall have at
least one stack of a size equal to the main house drain ex-
tending continuous from such house drain through the roof as
a main vent.

Exception:	When the house drain exceeds 4" in size, such

main vent shall be equal to the largest stack in the building,
but in no case less than 4".

Chapter 11. Section 1102. is hereby amended to read as follows:

Hot poured compounds:	Where hot poured compounds are used

the material shall meet the approval of the local authorities.

In general these materials shall be inert and resistant to
both acids and alkalies or other agencies of attack. They shall
not be water-absorbent and when poured against a clay surface
shall have a bond of not less than 100 pounds per square inch.

When heated the material shall not segregate and shall be suf-
ficiently fluid to flow freely around the annular space. Each
joint shall be caulked to a depth not exceeding 25% of the
depth of the socket with untreated jute or other approved
material. A satisfactory pouring rope and pouring hole shall
be provided. Joints may be tested after one hour of pouring.

"Nothing contained in the above section shall be deemed to
preclude the use of other types of joints and/or connections of
equal or better quality when first approved by the Department
having jurisdiction."

Chapter 12. Section 1211 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Every building used for living or sleeping purposes shall
be provided with plumbing fixtures as provided by state or local
jurisdiction.

Every factory, work shop, public laundry, cannery, meat packing
establishment, slaughter house, bottling works, dairy milk or cream
establishment, public garage, machine shop, stores retail or whole-
sale, or any similar building, works or establishment, shall be
provided with hot less than one water closet and one basin or sink for
each fifteen (15) persons of each sex, or fractional part thereof, oc-
cupying, employed or working in any such building or premises or por-
tion thereof.