Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole

of the unpaid principal to became due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid
principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per
annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of sale, the owner may pay the amount
of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties
accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the
same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to
any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest
accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark
County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County,
acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter
the same on the tax roll of said County and to extend the same in a special column for special
assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer 
and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect
the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION That all action (not inconsistent with the provision of this ordinance, in-
cluding the confirmation of Assessment Roll No. 36-1956, and the award of the construction con-
tract, heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward
the making of said improvements by installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets, alleys and
easements and portions of street, alleys and easements therein in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement
Assessment District No. 200-17, toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and ef-
fecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified,
approved and confirmed.

SECTION 5. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts of by-laws,
orders, resolutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 6. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordi-
nance shall, for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such Judgment shall not affect, impair
or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in the operation
to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional
and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of
this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applica-
bility and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 7. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas
is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it
is necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby
declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preser-
vation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 8. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks im-
mediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become effective immediately following
the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of February, 1956.

/s/ C.D. BAKER

(SEAL)	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	/s/ C.D. BAKER

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Affidavit of Publication

STATE OF NEVADA	)

COUNTY OF CLARK	) ss.

A.F. SCHELLACK, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in
said newspaper for a period of Two (2) insertions from February 5, 1956 to February 12, 1956
inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: February 5,12,

1956. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ A.F. SCHELLACK

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th day of February, 1956.

//s NEOLA GIERHART

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires April l4, 1957