WHEREAS, it has been brought to the attention of the Commission that numerous unfair prac-
tices exist in the posting of rates with the City Clerk, and the use of room rate signs for motels,
hotels and like accomodations, and it being impracticable to curb said practices in any manner other
than by the complete prohibition of advertising signs pertaining to rates by the above mentioned es-
tablishments; and

WHEREAS, the Commission has determined it to be in the public welfare and interest to regulate
such conduct;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. For the purpose of this ordinance certain terns and words are defined as follows:

"OUTDOOR SIGN" of "OUTSIDE SIGN", as used in this ordinance means any sign visible
to passers-by whether the same shall be located within or without buildings.

"ROOM RATES", as used in this ordinance, means the rates at which rooms or other accomo-
dations are rented to occupants.

"OPERATOR", as used in this ordinance, includes a manager or any person in charge of the
operation of motels, hotels, inns, motor courts, boardinghouses, lodging houses, and like
establishments.

"OPERATOR" or "OWNER" includes natural persons, firms, and corporations.

SECTION 2. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within
the scope of this ordinance, located within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to post or maintain posted
on any outdoor or outside advertising sign pertaining to such establishment, any roam rates for ac-
commodations in such establishment.

SECTION 3. It sha11 be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within the
scope of this ordinance to post or maintain posted any outside sign advertising "lowest rates",

"very low rates", "special rates", "seasonal rates", "summer" or "winter rates", "low pates", or
any other phraseology referring to any special rates, charges, prices, or give-away gimmicks, mer-
chandise, or special services such as free meals, free television, free show reservations, free
drinks, etc., in connection with the rentals of said establishment.

SECTION 4. Nothing contained in this ordinance shall be construed as to require any estab-
lishment within the scope of this ordinance to have outdoor or outside signs. This ordinance shall,
not be construed to in any way affect the casino or gaming operation of any establishment, but is
intended to apply to the transient habitational activities of establishments as listed herein.

SECTION 5. Every operator of any hotel, inn, motel, motor court of boarding or lodging-
house in this City, shall post in a conspicuous place in the office and in every bedroom of such es-
tablishment, a statement of the charge or rate of charges by the day for lodging, and shall file a
copy of such statement, together with the name of the owner or operator of such establishment, with
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Such list of charges shall remain in effect for at least one (1) month and the City Clerk
shall not accept and file a new statement of charges oftener than once each month.

SECTION 6. No charge or sum shall be collected for any greater	 sum than as set forth in

in the statement of charges so filed.

SECTION 7. It shall be unlawful for the operator of any hotel, inn, motel, motor court,
boarding or lodginghouse in this City, to require as a condition of renting that the lodger pay
for a greater number of nights than actually occupied and requested by said lodger, provided,
that this section shall not apply in the event the hotel, inn, motel, motor court, boarding or
lodginghouse, does not rent accomodations for a term of less than one week.

SECTION 8.	Ordinance	No. 568 is hereby repealed.

SECTION 9.	Ordinance	No. 712 is hereby repealed.

SECTION 10. All other ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby

repealed.

SECTION 11. Any violation of this ordinance, or any provision herein contained, shall con-
stitute a misdemeanor and the offender shall be punished by a fine of not more than $500.00 or im-
prisonment in the City Hail for not more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment
in addition to any other penalties provided by law.

SECTION 12. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER	s/ C.D. BAKER

City Clerk	Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of
Commissioners on the l6th day of January, 1957 and referred to the following Committee composed of
Commissioners Bunker and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said Committee reported favorably
on said ordinance on the 22nd day of January, 1957 which was a special meeting; that at said special
meeting held on the said day the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners
as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay" None	Absent:	None

ATTEST:			APPROVED:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger,City Clerk	s/ C.D. Baker, Mayor