SECTION 3. Section 3 of Ordinance No. 677 is hereby amended to read as follows:

APPLICATION. Any person desiring to solicit funds for charitable or welfare purposes in the
City of Las Vegas, as Principal or Agent, shall file an application with the Supervisor of Licenses
and Revenue at least twenty (20) days prior to the time at which the permit applied for shall become
effective; provided, however, that the supervisor may for good cause show allow the filing of an
application less than twenty (20) days prior to the effective date of the permit applied for. The
application herein required shall contain the following information:

1. The name of the applicant

2.	The nature of the applicant, whether a natural person, partnership, corporation or
association, and

a.	If a natural person, his address.

b. If a partnership, the names and both business and residence addresses of all partners.

c. If a corporation, the laws under which such corporation was organized; the address of
the Las Vegas office of such corporation, and the names and addresses of all officers
and directors or trustees of said corporation.

d.	If an association, the principal office and place of business of the association, and
the names and addresses of all members of the association unless they exceed twenty in
number, in which case the application shall so state, and the names and addresses of the
officers of the association shall be given.

3. The charitable or welfare purpose for which the funds are to be solicited, together with
a detailed account of their intended use. No general terms shall be employed and the applicant shall
state the purpose and use in detail.

4. The name or names of the person or persons, or officers or trustees authorized to disburse
the proceeds of the solicitation.

5.	The name or names of the person or persons or officers or trustees who will be in direct
charge, or control of the solicitation of funds.

6.	The period within which the solicitation of funds is to be made, giving the date of be-
ginning and ending.

7.	A complete outline of the methods and means by which the solicitation of funds is to be
accomplished. 

8.	The total amount of funds proposed to be raised.

9.	A detailed schedule of salaries, wages, fees, commissions, expenses and costs to be ex-
pended and paid in connection with the solicitation and collection of funds, showing the manner of
payment, the maximum percentage of funds collected which are to be used to pay such expenses of
solicitation and collection.

10.	A detailed and complete financial statement of the person applying for the permit and a
statement showing all receipts from solicitation of funds and disbursements thereof for one year
immediately proceeding the date of filing of the applications, or from the last previous solicitation,
if none took place within the year next preceding such filing.

11.	The names and addresses of all individuals who will act as agents for the applicant, and
the names and addresses of any organization or company employed by the applicant to participate in
such solicitation.

12. A statement to the effect that if a permit is granted, such permit will not be used as
or represented to be an endorsement by the City of Las Vegas or any of its officers or employees.

13.	A statement that the applicant (including all partners, officers, directors, or trustees
of applicant) has not been convicted of violating this ordinance or any criminal law amounting to a
felony or any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude in this or any other state, within a period of
seven years next preceding the filing of the application.

The application shall be subscribed and sworn to before an officer authorized to administer
oaths by the applicant; if a partnership, by a member of the firm; if a corporation, trust or
association, by one of the officers or trustees. Immediately above his signature, the individual
signing shall write out the following statement In his or her ownhandwriting:

"1 have carefully read the foregoing application and swear that every statement therein is
true and correct."

If the applicant is an agent, his principal or a duly authorized member, officer or trustees
of his principal, shall certify by endorsement on the application that the agent has been employed
for the purposes outlined therein.

 The application herein required shall be filed with the Supervisor of Licenses and Revenue
for public inspection.

SECTION 4. Section 4 of Ordinance No. 677 is hereby amended to read as follows:

STANDARDS FOR GRANTING, REVOKING OR DENYING CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS PERMITS. The Supervisor
of Licenses and Revenue shall issue a pe rmit as provided in Section 6 of this Ordinance only after
certification by the Solicitations Review Board that the following facts exist:

(a)	That all of the statements made in the application are true.

(b)	That the applicant has a good character and reputation for honesty and integrity, or if
the applicant is not an individual person, that every official and managing agent of the applicant
has a good character and reputation for honesty and integrity.

(c)	That the control and supervision of the solicitation and distribution of the proceeds
will be under responsible and reliable persons.