SECTION 32. UNLAWFUL TO PERMIT ANIMALS, FOWL TO RUN AT LARGE. It shall be unlawful for any person
having charge, custody or control of any dog, or other animal, or any fowl, to permit the same to run at
large or trespass on any private premises of another or to be on any public highway, street, alley,
court, public ground or unfenced lot, or not within sufficient enclosure within the City of Las Vegas;
provided, however, that all horses, asses, ponies or mules harnessed or saddled and bridled, or dog led by
a string, rope or chain and having around its neck a license tag issued by the Poundkeeper in conformity
with the provisions of this Ordinance, and in the actual present custody and control of some person or
persons, are excepted from the operation of this section.

SECTION 33. UNLAWFUL TO ALLOW FEMALE DOGS TO RUN AT LARGE IN COPULATING SEASON. It shall be
unlawful for the owner or any person having the control or possession of any female

dog to suffer or permit said dog to run at large while said dog is in the copulating season, and every fe-
male dog so found running at large shall be immediately seized and impounded In the public pound and held
subject to the provisions of this Ordinance. The charge for impounding such a dog shall be FIVE DOLLARS
($3.00) for the first impounding and TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS ($23.00) for each impounding thereafter.

SECTION 34. UNLAWFUL TO ALLOW ANIMALS TO FIGHT. It shall be unlawful for any person to keep or
use, or be in any manner connected with or interested in the management of, or receive money or other things
of value for the admission of any person to a house, apartment, pit or place for the baiting and fighting
of birds or animals, and it shall be unlawful for any owner or occupant of a house, apartment, pit or place
to wilfully procure or permit the same to be used or occupied for such baiting or fighting, or to insti-
gate, promote, arrange or carry on, or do any act as assistant, umpire, principal, spectator, or otherwise,
in aid of of calculated to encourage or further, any fight between birds or animals.

SECTION 35. CRUELTY TO ANIMALS GENERALLY. It shall be unlawful for any person to overdrive, over-
load torture or cruelly beat, or unjustifiably injure, main, mutilate or kill any animal, whether belonging
to himself or to another, or deprive any animal of necessary sustenance, food, drink or .shelter, or will-
fully Instigate, engage in, or in any way further an act of cruelty to any animal, or any act tending to
produce such cruelty. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to prohibit or interfere with the Pound-
keeper or City Health Officer in the exercise and performance of the powers and duties in this ordinance
set forth as to them, and any properly conducted scientific experiments or investigations performed only
under the authority and direction of the faculty of any regularly incorporated medical college or univer-
sity of the State of Nevada.

SECTION 36. ABANDONING INJURED ANIMALS. It shall be unlawful for any person owning, possessing
or having the care, custody and control of a mained, disable or infirm animal, to abandon the same, or
 leave it to die in a public street, road, alley or other public place, or upon the private property of
himself or another, more than one hour after he receives notice that it is left disabled.

SECTION 37. POISONING ANIMALS. It shall be unlawful for any person to unjustifiably administer
any poisonous drug or substance to any animal, or to unjustifiably expose any such drug or substance with
intent that the same shall be taken by an animal, whether such animal be the property of himself or another,
provided, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent or restrict the Poundkeeper and City
Health Officer in the exercise and performance of the powers and duties in this ordinance set forth as to
them, and any properly conducted scientific experiments or investigations performed only under the author-
ity and direction of the faculty of any regularly incorporated medical college or University of the State
of Nevada.

 SECTION 38. ENDANGERING ANIMALS. It shall be unlawful for any person to willfully throw, drop
or place, or cause to be thrown, dropped or placed upon any road, highway, street, alley or public place,
or upon the private property of another, any glass, nails, pieces of metal or other substance of device
which might wound, disable or injure any animal, or to drop, place, or throw or cause to be dropped, placed
or thrown any substance or device upon his own property with intent to would, disable or injure any animal.

SECTION 39. CARRYING ANIMALS UNLAWFULLY. It shall be unlawful for any person to carry or enclose,
or cause to be carried or enclosed, in or upon any vehicle, devise, or otherwise, any animal in a cruel or
inhumane manner, or so as to produce torture.

SECTION 40. BINDING ANIMALS. It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation, by him-
self or another, to lock or tie the wings of any chicken, turkey, goose, duck or other domestic fowl for
the purpose of weighing or handling or cause the same to be done.

CERTAIN ANIMALS UNLAWFUL.

SECTION 42. SELLING OR GIVING AWAY/It shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to
sell or offer for sale, barter or give away baby chicks, rabbits, ducklings, or other fowls as pets or novel-
ties, whether or not dyed, colored or otherwise artificially treated. This ordinance shall not be construed
to prohibit the display or sale of natural chicks, rabbits, ducklings or other fowl, in proper brooder
facilities by hatcheries or stores engaged in the business of selling the same to be raised for commercial
purposes.

SECTION 41. OVERCROWDING. It ~ shall be unlawful for any person, firm or corporation to over-
crowd in any crate, box or other receptacle, rabbits, domestic fowl or poultry or to fail to provide food,
water, shelter, or sanitation for the same.

SECTION 43. DOG KENNEL LICENSE. Every person, firm or corporation owning, operating or main-
taining a Dog Kennel within the City of Las Vegas must first apply for and obtain a permit from the City
of Las Vegas to so keep and maintain said dog kennel. A "Dog Kennel" within the meaning of this ordinance
shall be a pack or collection of dogs, exceeding three in number, kept and bred for hunting or sale, and
does not mean merely the house of place where same are kept. The license fee for a Dog Kennel shall be
TEN DOLLARS ($10.00) per quarter, and the issuance thereof shall at all times be subject to the Planning
and Zoning ordinances of the City.

SECTION 44. INSPECTION OF DOG KENNELS. Every person, firm, or corporation securing a permit
under the provisions of Section 43 shall submit to inspection by the Poundkeeper at reasonable times.

SECTION 45. DUTIES OF POUNDKEEPER AND POLICE OFFICERS. It shall be the duty of the Poundkeeper
and every police officer of the City of Las Vegas while on duty to enforce the provisions of this Ordin-
ance.



SECTION 46. REPEALERS.

Ordinance No. 331 Entitled: