NOW, THEREFORE, HE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, AS
FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. For the purpose of this Ordinance certain terms and words are defined as follows:

"SIGN" as used in this Ordinance means any sign visibLe to passers-by whether the same shall
be located within or without buildings.

"RATES" as used in this Ordinance means the rates at which rooms or other accomodations are
rented to occupants.

"OPERATOR" as used in this Ordinance includes a manager or any person in charge of the operation
of motels and like establishments. "Operator" or "owner" includes natural person, firms and corporations.

SECTION 2. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within the scope
of this Ordinance, located within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada to display or cause to displayed any
sign or signs which may be seen from a public highway or street, which signs or sign includes in dollars
and/or cents a statement relating to the rates charged at such establishment unless such sign or signs
includes in letters and figures of similar size and prominence the following additional information; the
number of rooms or units in the establishment and the rates charged for each; whether the rates quoted
are for single or multiple occupancy where such fact affects the rates charged; and the dates and hours
during which such rates are in effect where such dates and/or times affect the rates charged.

SECTION 3. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of ary establishment within the scope
of this Ordinance to display or cause to be displayed on any sign rates for accommodations in any such
establishment unless there shall be available in any such establishment, when vacant, accommodations for
immediate occupancy to meet the displayed rates on such signs.

SECTION 4. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of ary establishment within the scope
of this Ordinance to display or cause to be displayed any sign in connection with any such establishment
relating to rates which shall have thereon any untrue, misleading, false, or fraudulent representations.

SECTION 5. Nothing contained in this Ordinance shall be construed as to require ary establish-
ment within the scope of this Ordinance to have signs. This Ordinance, however, shall be liberally
construed so as to prevent untrue, misleading, false, or fraudulent representations relating to rates,
being placed upon signs pertaining to such establishments.

SECTION 6. This Ordinance shall apply to operators and owners of motels, motor courts, and like
establishments, and to such establishments.

SECTION 7. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within the scope
of this Ordinance to display or cause to be displayed any sign advertising a rate other or different
than the rate filed with the City of Las Vegas for such establishment in compliance with Ordinance No.568
of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. Any violation of this Ordinance, or any provision herein contained, shall constitute
a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, the offender shall be punished be a fine of not more than
$500.00, or imprisonment in the City jail for not more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and
imprisonment in addition to any other penalties provided by law.

SECTION 9. All ordinance or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 10. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, CITY CLERK	/s/ C. D. BAKER, MAYOR

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 2nd day of May, 1956, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and
Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the
16th day of May, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on said day, and at said regular meeting held
on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first introduced
and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye": Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay": None	Absent: None

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

RICHARD LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING

SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two
weeks from May 23, 1956 to May 30, 1956, inclusive,being the issues of said newspaper for the following
dates, to-wit: May 23, 30, 1956. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the
above dates above named.

/s/ RICHARD LOCHRIE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st

day of May, 1956	/s/ BARBARA J. GREENSPUN

Notary Public In and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires Mar. 17, 1960.