SECTION 12. POUNDKEEPER TO COMPLY WITH STATE ACT. It shall be the duty of the Poundkeeper to
comply with the requirements of that certain Act of the Nevada State Legislature entitled "An Act Relating
to the Duties of Peace Officers, Poundmasters or Other Persons Who Impound or Impound and Sell Livestock"
Approved March 21, 1925.

SECTION 13. UNLAWFUL TO REMOVE ANIMAL FROM POUNDKEEPER BY FORCE, FRAUD OR STEALTH. It shall be
unlawful for any person to take his own animal, dog or fowl, or that of any other person out of the cus-
tody of the Poundkeeper by stealth, by fraud or by force.

SECTION l4. ONLY POUNDKEEPER MAY IMPOUND. It shall, be unlawful for any person other than the
Poundkeeper to impound the animals, dogs or fowls of another and it shall be the duty of eveiy person who
shall take into his possession any animal, dog or fowl not owned by him or not placed in his possession
by the person having the lawful custody or control thereof to immediately deliver the same to the Pound-
keeper.

SECTION 15. TRESPASSING ANIMALS OR FOWL. Any dog, animal or fowl found doing damage or tres-
passing on private property in the City of Las Vegas may be taken up by any police officer or poundkeeper
and delivered forthwith to the pound. Any such dog, animal or fowl trespassing shall be held by the
Poundkeeper for a period of not more than seventy-two (72) hours, and shall be released upon demand to
the person legally entitled thereto upon payment for the keep of said dog, animal or fowl, and if no
demand is made, then such dog, animal or fowl shall be sold or disposed of as provided in this ordinance.

SECTION 16. DUTY OF POUNDKEEPER WHEN ANIMALS AND FOWL FOUND RUNNING AT LARGE. It shall be the
duty of the Poundkeeper and of every police officer while on duty to take up and deliver to the public
pound, subject to the provisions of this Ordinance, all animals, dogs or fowl found running at large or
trespassing on any private enclosure, or found upon any public highway or street or alley or court or public
grounds, or upon any unfenced lot or not within a sufficient enclosure, within the City of Las Vegas; pro-
vided, however, that all horses, ponies, asses or mules harnessed or saddled and bridled, or dog, led by a
string, rope or chain and having around its neck a license tag issued by the City of Las Vegas in conform-
ity with the provisions of this Ordinance, and in the actual present custody and control of some person or
persons, are excepted from the operation of this section.

SECTION 17. VICIOUS DOGS. It shall be unlawful for any person to keep, harbor or own any vicious
dog or any dog which by its constant threat of attacking and biting, or by biting shall cause annoyance to
the neighborhood or injury to any person or persons upon the sidewalks, alleys or streets or other public
places in the City of Las Vegas, provided that the person so bitten was not at the time trespassing upon
the person or property of the owner or person having control of such dog, and provided further that the
person so bitten was not provoking or teasing such dog without cause. Upon conviction under the provisions
of this section the court may, in addition to the imposition of penalty in accordance with the provisions
of this Ordinance, order that such dog be muzzled or kept within a sufficient enclosure or that such dog
be delivered to the Poundkeeper and destroyed. In addition thereto the charge for impounding a vicious
dog shall be FIVE DOLLARS ($5.00)for the first impounding, and TWENTY-FIVE ($25.00), for each impounding
thereafter.

SECTION 18. BITING DOG TO BE IMPOUNDED. Any dog biting any person in the City of Las Vegas shall
be seized, on or off the premises of the person owning, keeping or harboring such dog by the Poundkeeper
and impounded in the public pound for a period of not to exceed fourteen (l4) days during which time such
dog shall be kept under observation to determine if said dog is rabid or otherwise diseased. If the Health
Officer of the City of Las Vegas shall determine that such dog is diseased, and, by reason of such disease
is dangerous to person or to other animals, he shall notify the poundkeeper in writing, to destroy such
dog and a copy of such notice shall be served on the registered owner of the dog as the same appears in
the records of the Poundkeeper, If it shall not be determined that such dog is diseased, and if the dog
shall have been duly licensed for the current calendar year, the Poundkeeper shall notify by mail the per-
son to whom the license for such dog was issued and at the address from which the dog was surrendered to
the Poundkeeper and shall upon demand release such dog to the owner or person lawfully entitle thereto, upon
payment of the sum of One Dollar ($1.00) per day, and impounding fee in the sum of Two Dollars ($2.00) for
the keep of such dog, together with a transportation fee in the sum of One Dollar ($1.00) if said dog has
been transported by the Poundkeeper, provided that if no person lawfully entitled to such dog, shall within
seventy-two (72) hours after the date of mailing said notice, appear at the pound and require the release
of such dog, and pay said charges, such dog shall be sold or destroyed by the Poundkeeper in the manner
provided in this Ordinance.

SECTION 19. DESTRUCTION OF ANIMALS OR FOWL. All dogs, animals, or fowls taken into the custody
of the Poundkeeper, and which, by reason of age, or disease, or injury or other cause, are, in the opinion
of a licensed Veterinarian unfit for further use or dangerous to keep impounded, shall be forthwith des-
troyed by the Poundkeeper.

SECTION 20. CHARGES UPON IMPOUNDING. The charges upon animals impounded shall not exceed the sum
of Two Dollars ($2.00) per day for keeping any animal other than a dog or cate or fowl, plus the actual
cost of transporting said animal to the pound and the sum of ONE DOLLAR ($1.00) for keeping any dog, cat or
fowl, except as otherwise provided for vicious dogs and for copulating dogs.

SECTION 21. RECLAIMING OR REDEEMING IMPOUNDED ANIMALS AND FOWL. The owner or person entitled to
the custody or possession of any dog, animal or fowl impounded by the Poundkeeper, may at any time before
the sale or other disposition thereof reclaim or redeem the same by paying to the Poundkeeper all charges
imposed thereon, as provided for herein, and in the case of dogs, by exhibiting to the Poundkeeper the
license certificate for the then current calendar year.

SECTION 22. SALE OF IMPOUNDED ANIMALS OTHER THAN DOGS, CATS, AND FOWL. All animals, excepting dogs,
cats, or fowl, taken into the custody of the Poundkeeper, if not redeemed within twenty-four (24) hours
thereafter, may be sold at public auction by the Poundkeeper, after giving at least three (3) days notice
of such sale. If ho purchaser can be found upon such sale, the Poundkeeper may dispose of the animal by
gift, or otherwise. The notice shall describe the animal and shall state the time and place of sale, and
shall be posted at the entrance of the pound. At the time advertised, the Poundkeeper shall seel all of
the animals so advertised at public auction to the highest bidder for cash.

SECTION 23. SALE OF IMPOUNDED DOGS, CATS, AND FOWL. All dogs, cats, and fowl shall be impounded
for seventy-two (72) hours, and if not redeemed within such time shall be disposed of by sale, gift, or
otherwise; provided, however, reasonable means shall be taken to discover and notify the owner of such im-
pounding within said period.