shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of this ordinance.

SECTION 5. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect one week from adoption pursuant to
the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Chapter 2, Section 30.



s/ C. D. Baker____________

ATTEST:	Mayor

s/ Shirley Ballinger________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commis-
sioners on the 6th day of October, 1952, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Whipple and Jarrett for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance
on the 21st day of January, 1953, which was the regular, meeting of said Board of City Commissioners; that
at said regular meeting held on the 21st day of January, 1953, the proposed ordinance was read in full to
the Board of City Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":

Mayor Baker	"Aye"

Commissioner Bunker	"Aye"

Commissioner Jarrett	"Aye"

Commissioner Peccole	"Aye"

Commissioner Whipple	"Aye"

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	s/ C. D. Baker

Mayor

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

NOTICE

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that three copies of a certain document marked and designated as UNIFORM
PLUMBING CODE, 1952 EDITION, compiled by Western Plumbing Officials Association with such changes as are
necessary to make the same applicable to conditions in the City of Las Vegas, and with other changes as are
desirable, are on file in the City Clerk's office in the City Hall, City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada.

Said Code, together with the above mentioned changes is on file as aforesaid for use and examina-
tion by the public.

This notice is given prior to the passage of a proposed ordinance now before the Board of Commis-
sioners of the City of Las Vegas for the adoption of said Code, and is given in accordance with Chapter 2,
Section 30 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended by Chapter 99, Statutes of Nevada, 1947.

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss*

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

MORNING SUN, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper, for a period
of eight days from December 26, 1952 to January 3, 1953 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit: December 26, 27 , 29, 30, 31, 1952 January 1, 2, 3, 1953. That said newspaper
was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed:	Richard Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day of January, 1953.

s/ Barbara J. Greenspun
Notary Public in and for Clark County,
Nevada

My Commission Expires Mar. 17, 1956.