on San Francisco Street; from west boundary of Meadows
Addition to Fifth Street; on Truck Road, from Wyoming
Avenue to Utah Avenue; on Fairfield Avenue, from San
Francisco Avenue to New York Avenue; on A Street, from
Nee York Avenue on Charleston Boulevard; on Second
Street, from Oakey Boulevard to Charleston Boulevard;
on Third Street, from Fifth Street to Charleston Boule-
vard; on Fourth Street, from Fourth Place to Charles-
ton Boulevard; on Fifth Place from south boundary of
Block 1 and 2 of the Amended Plat of the Subdivision
of Lot J, Park Place Addition, to Park Paseo, and
on Sixth Street, from Franklin Avenue to Charleston
Boulevard.

Section 2. That the streets and parts of streets hereinabove described shall be paved by grading
and constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and shall be curbed and guttered by constructing on
both sides of said streets and parts of streets, wherever said improvements are missing, including concrete
valley gutters and including alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more
particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file
in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

	Section 3. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all incidents;,

expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compen-
sation properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments
made according to the frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially
benefited by such improvements and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making
said improvements are deemed to be $326.637.81 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall
be in that amount.

Section 4. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or pre-
mises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll
for state and county taxation, but such cost in excess of 50%, if any there should be, shall be borne by
the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the General Fund.

Section 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting
Ex-officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authoriz-
ed and directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special
assessment district, such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied as the length of front of such
premises abutting upon the improvement bears to the whole frontage of all the lots to be assessed; unless,
on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots, an assessment for a different number of feet would be
more equitable; and the frontage of all lots to be assessed shall be deemed to be the aggregate number of
feet as determined upon for assessment by the assessor.

Section 6. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall
report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by
him and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll, substantially in the manner pre-
scribed by the Charter of said City.

Section 7. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said
Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered.

Section 8. That before said assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any person
objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Monday, the
26th day of May, 1952, at 7:30 o'clock, P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are
hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-officio City
Assessor will, meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said
assessment.

Section 9. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall pub-
lish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments
once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las
Vegas, in the manner prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, as amended.

Section 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of
Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review
the assessments and hear any objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself
aggrieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or
description of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected,
or said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it
and direct a new. assessment, in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

Section 11. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an
endorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in substantially in the manner
prescribed by the Charter of said City.

Section 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall,
be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-officio
City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such
confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor shall thereupon,
without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate
of the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the
contents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the
regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and
the Assessment Roll.

Section 13. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirma-
tion and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The spe-
cial assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed
until paid.

Section 14. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer