streets, hereinafter particularly described, by the laying of oil bound gravel pavement (4" Type 1 Subbase, 4" 
Type 2 Subbase, Prime Coat 2" A. C. Paving, Seal Coat and Chips) and gravel surface (4" Type 1 Gravel Subbase
and 4” Type 2 Gravel Subbase) wherever necessary; and

WHEREAS, said Board deems it expedient and desirable to create Street Improvement Assessment District
No. 100-21 for the purpose of making said improvements, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by
special assessments made according to benefits against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and pro-
perty specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district; and

WHEREAS, There is not included within said district any public or other property against which a valid
special assessment cannot be levied by said City; and

WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises for
said improvements exceed fifty percent of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list
or assessment roll for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair and
equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, said Board by Emergency Ordinance No. 536, passed, adopted and approved the 25th day of
March, 1953, declared its determination to make certain public improvements as herein provided, to create
Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-21 for the purpose of making said improvements, to defray the
entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to benefits, and fixed a time in which
protests against the proposed improvements or the creation of such District might be heard and considered by
said Board, and directed notice thereof to be given; and

WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the manner prescribed by Section 7 of
said Emergency Ordinance No. 536 and by Section 57, Chapter 11, Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the frontage to be assessed have not filed written objec-
tions concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of said District, or the defraying of the entire 
cost and expense by special assessments; and

WHEREAS, no objections, suggestions, comments nor questions were made or raised at said protest
hearing; and

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the creation of said Street
Improvement Assessment District No. 100-21, and now desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district in the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, to be called and designated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-21, which shall
include all the lots, premises and property within said improvement district to their full depth; and the
boundaries of said district, all within the City of Las Vegas, are described as follows, to-wit*

Beginning at a point where the West line of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Section 32, Town-
ship 20 South, Range 61 East, Mount Diable Base and Meridian intersects with Palomino Lane,
thence East along Palomino Lane including all property on both sides thereof to the West
right-of-way line of Rancho Road, thence East along Palomino Lane from the East right-of-
way line of Rancho Road to the West line of Tonopah Drive to the center line of Alta Drive,
thence West along the center line of Alta Drive to the West line of the Southeast Quarter
(SE¼) of Section 32, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&M,, thence South to the
point of beginning.

SECTION 2. That the streets and parts of streets hereinafter described shall be improved by the
laying of oil bound gravel pavement (4” Type 1 Subbase, 4” Type 2 Subbase, Prime Coat, 2” A.C. Paving, Seal
Coat and Chips) and gravel surface (4" Type 1 Gravel Subbase and 4” Type 2 Gravel Subbase) on certain streets
and parts of streets, wherever said improvements are missing, together with such appurtenances as may be re-
quired, as more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved
now on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3.	That the streets and parts of streets which are to be improved, wherever said improvements

are missing, are the following:

PALOMINO LANE from the West line of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of Section 32, Township 20
South, Range 61 East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian, to the West right-of-way line of Rancho
Road. Improvement consisting of the construction of a 24-foot street, A.C. Pavement (4" Type 1
Subbase, Type 2 Subbase, Prime Coat, 2” A.C. Paving, Seal Coat and Chips).

PALOMINO LANE from the East right-of-way line of Rancho Road to the West right-of-way line
of Tonopah Drive (18 foot street North of the proposed center line); PINTO LANE from the West
line of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) OF Section 32, Township 20 South, Range 6l East, Mount

Diablo Base and Meridian, to the West right-of-way line of Rancho Road, and from the East

right-of-way line of Rancho Road to the West right-of-way line of Tonopah Drive (36-foot
street); ALTA DRIVE from the center of said Section 32 to the West right-of-way line of
Rancho Road and from the East right-of-way line of Rancho Road to the West right-of-way
line of Tonopah Drive (18-foot street South of the proposed center line); SHETLAND ROAD
from the North right-of-way line of Palomino Lane to the South right-of-way line of Alta
Drive (36-foot street). Improvement consisting of 4" Type 1 Gravel Subbase and 4" Type 2
Gravel Subbase.

SECTION 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all incidental
expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation
properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made
according to the benefits against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited
by such improvements and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said improve-
ments are deemed to be $24,344.76 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in that amount. 

SECTION 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises
exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for
State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid
out of the General Fund.