northerly along the west right-of-way line of 5th Street to the northeast corner of the SE¼ of the NE¼ of
Section 27, T20S, R6lE, to the point of beginning, save and except that portion classified as a C-2 zone
on the official zoning map of the City of Las Vega? Nevada as of this date.

(g) FROM R-s and M-2to R-2-T:

That portion of the NE¼, Section 27, T20S, R6lE, described as follows:

Beginning at a point 364.02 feet east of the intersection of the east right-of-way line of the
Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad with the north line of the NE¼ of said Section; thence east along said
north line of the NE¼ to a point 200 feet west of its intersection with Main Street; thence southwesterly,
parallel and 200 feet distant from Main Street to a point 718 feet due south from the north line of said
NE¼; thence west to a point 364.02 feet east of the east right-of-way line of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad; thence north parallel to the right-of-way line of the Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad a dis-
tance of 718 feet to the truepoint of beginning.

SECTION 2. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption,
and final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on the
6th day of April, 1955, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and
Sharp for recommendation; thereafter, the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 4th
day of May, 1955, which was the regular meeting held on the 4th day of May, 1955, and at said regular meeting
held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first introduced
and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple, and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None Absent:	None

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:"	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY Ballinger
City Clerk/

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

COUNTY OF CLARK, ) ss.

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORn
ING SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two weeks from June 7, 1955 to June l4, 1955 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the follow-
ing dates, to-wit:	June 7, 14, 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of

the dates above named.

/s/ Richard Lochie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this l6th Day of June, 1955.

/s/ BARBARA J. GREENSPUN

Notary Public In and For Clark County,Nevada

My Commission Expires Mar. 17, 1956

ORDINANCE NO. 643

AN ORDINANCE AMENDING CHAPTER 17 OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE BY ADDING NEW SECTIONS THERETO: PROVIDING FOR
THE ISSUANCE OF BUSINESS LICENSES: AND IMPOSING CERTAIN LIMITATIONS THEREON.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Chapter 17, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended by adding thereto two new
sections as follows:

Section 21. No business license shall be issued by the City Clerk to applicants therefore in accord -
ance with Chapter 17 of the Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, unless the applicant shall have a fixed place
of business within the City in a proper zone in accordance with the Zoning Ordinance, and 1 actually
carry on and conduct such business from the address for which the license shall have been issued.

Section 22. In the event a licensee shall conduct his business at a location other than the place
for which the license was issued or shall fail to conduct his business at the place for which the license
was issued(or shall fail to conduct his business at the place for which the license shall have been issued),

The Board of Commissioners shall revoke such license forthwith and no new license shall be issued to such
licensee without approval of the Board of Commissioners first having been obtained.

SECTION 2. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 3. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and
final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
pause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk