ORDINANCE NO. 6l6

AN ORDINANCE CREATING THE TRAFFIC AND PARKING COMMISSION OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; PROVIDING FOR THE
APPOINTMENT OF THE MEMBERS THEREOF; PROVIDING FOR THE DUTIES OF SAID COMMISSION; AND PROVIDING FOR
OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Wherever and whenever the work "Commission" is used in this Ordinance, it shall mean
the traffic and parking commission of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 2. There is hereby created and established the Traffic and Parking Commission of the City
of Las Vegas, to serve without compensation, consisting of (l) the Chief of Police, (2) the Director
of Public Works, (3) the City Attorney or a member of the legal department designated by him as his
representative, (4) the Fire Chief, (5) the Director of Planning, all of wham shall be ex-officio members
and entitled to vote, and such number of representatives of the general public, not to exceed four,
as may be determined and appointed by the Board of City Commissioners. The term of each appointed
member shall be four (4) years, or until his successor takes office, except that the respective terms of
three of the members first appointed shall be one, two, and three years. Appointed members may be
removed, after public hearing, by a majority vote of the Board of Commissioners, for inefficiency,
neglect of duty, or malfeasance of office. The Chairman of the Commission shall be a member appointed
from the general public, and the first appointment shall be for one year and shall be made by the
Board of City Commissioners. The Chairman after the first year shall be elected for one year from
among the appointed members of the Commission by majority vote of the entire Commission. The
Commission shall provide for the conduct of its business by appropriate rules and regulations within
the intent and meaning of this ordinance.

SECTION 3.	(a) It shall be the duty of the Commission, and to this end it shall have the authority

within the limits of the funds at its disposal, to coordinate traffic and parking activities, to carry
on educational activities in traffic matters, to supervise the preparation and publication of traffic
reports, to receive complaints having to do with traffic matters, and to recommend to the Board of
City Commissioners and other city officials ways and means for improving traffic conditions and the
administration and enforcement of traffic regulations.

(b)	Because of the necessity for coordinating traffic activities with proper provisions for off-street
parking, it shall be the responsibility of the Commission, working in cooperation with the City
Planning Commission, to prepare a Master Plan for traffic flow and off-street parking and recommend
said plan to the Board of City Commissioners. Following the adoption of said traffic and parking
plan, it shall be the duty and responsibility of the Commission to recommend to the Board of City
Commissioners, ways and means of implementing and carrying out this plan.

(c)	The Director of Planning shall serve as secretary of the Commission, and as such shall be
responsible for the administration of the affairs of the Commission.

(d)	Staff assistants employed by the Commission shall be supervised by the secretary and responsible
directly to him.

(e)	All officers and department heads of the City shall render all necessary and reasonable
cooperation and assistance to the Commission.

SECTION 4. The Board of City Commissioners shall provide the necessary funds to the Commission
for its operation, and said funds shall be administered through the Secretary, until such time as a
budget for the Commission shall be established. Thereafter, the funds available to the Commission shall
be administered in the same manner as other departments of the City who have funds available for their
operations.

SECTION 5. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption,
and final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 6. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners shall cause this ordinance to
be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading and adoption in
the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

s/ Shirley Ballinger		s/ C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor

The Above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 7th day of July, 1954, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the
21st day of July, 1954 which was the regular meeting held on said day, and at said regular meeting
held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first
introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "AYE":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker.

Voting "NAY":	none	Absent:	none

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

s/ Shirley Ballinger	s/ C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor