SECTION 3. Section 27 of Ordinance No. 610 is hereby amended to read as follows:

SECTION 27.

(a)	It shall be the duty of the Board of Electrical Bxaminers, or authorized agent, to furnish
applications and conduct examinations and issue Certificates of Qualification for Electrical Maintenance
Certificates.

(b)	Electrical Maintenance Certificates shall be issued to those persons engaged in the business
of winding motors, repairing and maintaining of electrical appliances and electrical equipment who leave
their shop only for the purpose of repairing and maintaining said motors, appliances and electrical equip-
ment. The certificate permits the changing of equipment or replacing of parts such as lamps, motors,
switches, cords, fixtures and heating elements, but does not permit any work or changes which involve

the extension of or addition to, any wiring or the installation of any new equipment except when changing
equipment for maintenance reasons. The applicant for an Electrical Maintenance Certificate shall pay to
the Department of Building and Safety the sum of $10.00 and shall be issued said Certificate upon his
successful completion of the examination conducted by the Board of Electrical Examiners or authorized
agent. Each such Certificate shall expire December 31st of each year and shall be renewed by the Depart-
ment of Building and Safety upon payment of $5.00 by the holder providing he makes such payment within
thirty-one (31) days of said Certificate's expiration. Should the holder fail to renew his certificate
within thirty-on (31) days but does so within thirty-two (32) to ninety (90) days, such payment will be
$10.00. Should he fail to renew his Certificate within ninety (90) days, he must apply and take an
examination as if for a new Certificate.

(c)	An Electrical Maintenance Certificate shall not be required of those persons performing

the following services; to-wit: The changing of equipment or replacing of parts such as lamps, motors,

switches, cords, fixtures and heating elements; provided that no work or changes shall be done which in-
volves the extension of or addition to, any wiring or the installation of any new equipment except when
changing equipment for maintenance reasons, and provided further that such services shall be limited to a
specific location such as a hotel, corporation, manufacturing plant or to concerns who wish to permanently
employ a person for general maintenance.

(d)	Any person holding a certificate as a journeyman electrician or an electrical maintenant

certificate, who	shall allow the same to lapse for a period of six (6) months or more, or who shall dis-
continue	working	in	the electrical field for six (6) months or more, shall be required to take a new exam-

ination prior to the validation of such expired certificate.

SECTION	4. 	Section 29 of Ordinance No. 610 is hereby deleted and repealed.

SECTION	5. No person, firm, or corporation licensed under this ordinance shall employ a journey-

man electrician or electrical maintenance man who does not have a valid Certificate of Competency issued
by the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 6. Any person who shall fail to comply with any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall upon conviction thereof be punished by a fine of not less than $25.00, nor more than $500.00, for
each offense and/or imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months, and by any combination
of such fine and imprisonment.

SECTION 7. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.



SECTION 8. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

SECTION 9. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week far two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

s/ Shirley Lodwick	s/ C. D. Baker

SHIRLEY LODWICK, CITY CLERK	C. D. BAKER, MAYOR

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commis-
sioners on the 6th day of. March, 1957, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Fountain and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance
on the 15th day of May, 1957, which was the regular meeting; that at said regular meeting held on said
day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners and adopted by the following
vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	Commissioner Sharp

ATTEST:		APPROVED:

s/ Shirley Lodwick	s/ C. D. Baker

SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor



AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK )

STATE OF NEVADA,) ss. .

ANTHONY CINA, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS
MORNING SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two weeks from May 21, 1957 to May 28, 1957 inclusive, being the issued of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit: May 21, 28, 1957. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above, named.

s/ Anthony Cina

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 31st day of May, 1957.

s/ Barbara J. Greenspun

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK. COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires Mar. 17, 1960