unless clearly proved to be in violation of the basic rule declared in Part 1 hereof.

The speed of any vehicle upon a street or highway in excess of any of the limits
specified in this section or established as authorized in this code is prima facie
unlawful. The prima facie limits referred to above are as follows and the same
shall be applicable unless changed as authorized in this Code, and if so changed,
then only when signs have been erected giving notice thereof in which event the
speed designated on the sign shall be the prima facie limit:

A.	15 miles per hour

(1)	When passing a school building or the grounds thereof, contiguous to
the street or highway while children are going to or leaving such
school during opening or closing hours or during the noon recess per-
iod. Such prima facie limit also apply when passing any school grounds
which are not separated from the street or highway by a fence, gate or
any other physical barrier when such grounds are in use by children.

(2)	When traversing a grade crossing of a steam, electric, or any other
motor railway, if during the last 100 feet of the approach to such
crossing the driver does not have a clear and unobstructed view of such
crossing and of any traffic on such railway for a distance of 400 feet
in both directions along such railway. This subdivision shall apply in
the case of any railway grade crossing where a human flagman is on duty
or clearly visible electrical or mechanical railway crossing signal de-
vice is installed but does not then indicate the immediate approach of
a railway train or car.

(3)	When traversing any intersection of street or highway if during t he last
100 feet of his approach to such intersection the driver does not have a
clear and unobstructed view of such intersection and of any traffic upon
all of the street or highway entering such intersection for a distance
of 100 feet along all such street or highway, except on a through street
or highway or at a traffic-controlled intersection.

B.	25 miles per hour on all streets and highways unless a different speed limit
is posted as set forth in this code or as provided in subsections A and C
of this section.

C.	35 miles per hour when signs are erected giving notice thereof, the prima
facie speed limit upon those streets or highways or portions thereof des-
cribed in the following schedule.

(1)	ON SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE, beginning at Burnham Avenue east to Fremont
Street, commonly known as Boulder Highway.

(2)	ON FREMONT STREET, commonly known as Boulder Highway, beginning at
Atlantic Avenue east to the east City limits.



SECTION 2. Section 56, Chapter 36, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby
amended to read as follows:

ENTERING INTO OR EMERGING FROM AN ALLEY, DRIVEWAY OR BUILDING: The driver of a

vehicle within a business or residence district entering into or emerging from
an alley, driveway or building shall stop such vehicle immediately prior to driv-
ing onto a sidewalk or onto the sidewalk area extending across any alleyway,
driveway, or building, yielding the right of way to any pedestrian as may be
necessary to avoid collision.

SECTION 3. Section 139, Chapter 36, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, as last
amended by Section 2, Ordinance 470 is hereby further amended to read as follows:

PROCEDURE TO BE FOLLOWED GENERALLY IN CASE OF ACCIDENT:

Whenever any automobile, motorcycle, or any other vehicle whatever, regardless
of the power by which the same is drawn or propelled, strikes any person or
collides with any vehicle containing a person, the driver of such vehicle and all
persons in such vehicle who have or assume authority over such driver shall im-
mediately cause such vehicle to stop and shall render to the person struck, or the
occupants of the vehicle collided with, all necessary assistance, including the
carrying of such person or occupant to the physician or surgeon for medical or
surgical treatment, if such treatment is required, or if such carrying be requested
by the person struck, or the occupant of the vehicle struck; and such driver and
the person having or assuming authority over such driver shall further give to
the occupants of such vehicle or person struck, the license number of his or
their said vehicle and also the name of the owner thereof, and the name of the
passenger or passengers, in each said vehicle at the time of such striking or
collision and every such driver, or the owner of said vehicle, shall as soon as
possible make a full report of such collision, with all details and circumstances
thereof, to the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas. Whenever an automobile,