C.	BUILDING SITE AREA REQUIRED;

The minimum building site area shall be one recorded lot or parcel of land six
thousand (6,000) square feet in area. The minimum building site area per dwell-
ing unit shall be six thousand (6,000) square feet for one family dwelling,
three thousand (3,000) square feet for two family dwellings; seventeen hundred
and fifty (1,750) square feet for three and four family dwellings; and in no
case shall a multiple family dwelling or dwelling group containing five or
more dwelling units occupy a site which provides less than seven hundred (700)
square feet of land area per dwelling or housekeeping unit.

D.	FRONT YARD REQUIRED:

No building shall be erected closer than ten (10) feet to either the front
property line of the building site or the line of any future street as pro-
vided in Section 26 of the Zoning Ordinance or as shown upon any official
street plan, or master plan of the City.

E.	SIDE YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten
(10) percent of the width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed
twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five (5) feet in width.

F.	REAR YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet in depth.

G.	DWELLING GROUPS:

The regulations applying to dwelling groups in the R-3 district shall apply
to dwelling groups in this district.

Section 7. Commercial nurseries as defined by the Child Welfare Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas may be permitted in C-1 and C-2 Zones upon the securing of a use permit,
and upon the approval of the proposed facility by the Child Welfare Board of the City of
Las Vegas, in accordance with the duly adopted standards for commercial nurseries.

Section 8. Section 21, Subsection 13, Chapter 24, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949,
as last amended by Section 3, Ordinance 657, is hereby further amended to read as follows:

13. The following uses, upon the securing of a special use permit in each case,
as provided in Section 28 of the Zoning Ordinance.

(a)	Restaurants, cabaret, tavern or cocktail lounge, wherein the sale,
serving or dispensing of beverages and alcoholic liquors, all as
defined and regulated by Chapter 16 of this Code, may be permitted
in a hotel of fifty (50) or more guest rooms, and gaming, as defined
and regulated by Chapter 13 of this Code, may be permitted in a hotel
of one hundred (100) or more guest rooms, provided all other require-
ments of law regulating and permitting such uses are first complied with.

(b)	Mortuaries and Mausoleums.

(c)	An "outdoor business" or commercial use when the nature of such use may
require an outdoor location.

Section 9. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.

Section 10. Any person who violates any provision of this ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction shall be punished by a fine of not more
than $500.00, or six months in the City Jail, or any combination of both.

Section 11. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its reading
and adoption and publication as in the next section provided.

Section 12. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive
weeks immediately following its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk