SECTION 4. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises exceed
50 % of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State
and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of
the General Fund.

SECTION 5. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and
directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land with such relative portion of the whole amount
to be levied as the length of front of such premises abutting upon the improvement bears .to the whole
frontage of all the lots to be assessed; unless on account of the shape or size of any lot or lots an
assessment for a different number of feet would be more equitable; and the frontage of 1 lots to be
assessed shall be derailed to be the aggregate number of feet as determined upon for assessment by the
assessor.



SECTION 6. That when the said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall
report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him
and made in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll which certificate shall be in the
form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 7. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said Board,
it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

SECTION 8. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any person
objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Monday, the
3rd day of May, 1954 at 8:00 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are

hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-officio
City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review
said assessment.



SECTION 9. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish
notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments at
least once a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of
 Las Vegas. Said notice shall, be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 10. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of
Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review
the assessments and hear any objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself
aggrieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment
or description of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as
corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision,
or annul it and direct a new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.



SECTION 11. That when said special, assessments shall be confirmed the City Clerk shall make an
indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the form prescribed by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 12. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall be
final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-officio
City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of
such confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor shall
thereupon, without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his
certificate of the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have
notice of the contents of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and
tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of
the assessment and Assessment Roll.

SECTION 13. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirmation
and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special
assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed.

The special assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of
land assessed until paid.

SECTION 14. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer of
Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, within two weeks after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without
interest and without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election
of the owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole
assessment, or any part thereof, within said period of two weeks shall be conclusively considered and held an
election on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such
installments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable
at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal
the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of June, 1955
and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day
in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred
installments of principal from the 1st day of June, 1954, at the same rate of interest as that provided
for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to
exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer
the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of June, 1955, and the remainder
of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of June in each year
thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole
of the unpaid principal to became due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal
and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day
of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid
installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall
thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default
had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at
any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to next interest paying date.