WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot or pre-
mises for said improvements exceed fifty percent of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the
latest tax list or assessment roll for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair and
equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, the Board considers it necessary, desirable, and for the best interests of the City,
to take the steps provided by law for the organization of an assessment district and the construction there-
in of said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said Board, by a Resolution duly adopted and approved on the 5th day of July, 1951, or-
dered the City Engineer to make estimates of the expense thereof, and plats, diagrams and plans of the work
and of the locality to be improved, and to file such estimates, plats, diagrams and plans with the City
Clerk for public examination; and

WHEREAS, said estimates, plats, diagrams and plans were so filed on the 18th day of July, 1951;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. That the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark and State
of Nevada, does hereby declare its determination to make certain public improvements by paving, curbing
and guttering and constructing concrete valley gutters on certain streets and parts of streets therein, to
create a special assessment district therefore, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by spe-
cial assessments made according to frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and proper-
ty specially benefited by such improvements and included within said district.

Section 2. That the Board proposes to pave said streets and parts of streets by grading and
constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and by constructing on both sides of said streets and
parts of street concrete curbs and gutters and concrete valley gutters wherever said improvements are miss-
ing, including alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly
shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office
of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets which the Board proposes to so have improved,
wherever said improvements are missing are the following:

First Street from 20.50 feet North of the South property line of
Garces Avenue to 15.00 feet South of the North property line of
Boulder Avenue; Second, Third and Fourth Streets from 20.50 feet
North of the South property line of Garces Avenue to 15.00 feet
South of the North property line of Charleston Boulevard; Gass
and Hoover Avenues from 8.00 feet East of the West property line
of Fifth Street to the East property line of Main Street; Coolidge
Avenue from 15.00 feet East of the West property line of Fourth
Street to the East property line of Main Street; Boulder Avenue
from 15.00 feet East of the West property line of Second Street
to the East property line of Main Street.

Section 4. That the special assessment district which it is proposed to create shall be desig-
nated Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-6, and it shall include all the lots, premises and pro-
perty, to the full depth of such, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of streets.

Section 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality
to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public inspec-
tion and examination.

Section 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in said City
on Wednesday. the 22nd day of August, 1951, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P.M.. to hear and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any
matter relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may
be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

Section 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed improvements or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said no-
tice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, and also by posting said notice in or near said post
office of said City and by posting notices in three public places near the site of said proposed work.

NOTICE

NOTICE OF DETERMINATION AND INTENTION TO PAVE, CURB, AND GUTTER AND CONSTRUCT CONCRETE VALLEY
GUTTERS ON CERTAIN STREETS AND PARTS THEREOF, TO CREATE STREET IMPROVEMENT ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-6,

AND TO DEFRAY THE ENTIRE COST BY SPECIAL ASSESSMENTS, AND OF THE HEARING THEREON.

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that on July 18th, 1951, the Board of Commissioners and Mayor of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada adopted and approved an ordinance declaring the Board's determination to make certain
public improvements by grading and paving certain streets and parts of streets therein with an oil bound
gravel pavement, and by constructing curbs and gutters and concrete valley gutters on both sides thereof,
wherever said improvements are missing, including alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may
be required, to create a special assessments district designated Street Improvement Assessment District No,
100-6 therefor, and to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to
frontage against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such im-
provements and included within said district.

The streets and parts of streets so proposed to be improved are:

First Street from 20.50 feet North of the South property
line of Garces Avenue to 15.00 feet South of the North
property line of Boulder Avenue; Second, Third and Fourth
Streets from 20.50 feet North of the South property line
of Garces Avenue to 15.00 feet South of the North property