Board of Commissioners of said City.

It is hereby certified, recited and declared that all acts, conditions and things essential to the
validity of the bond exist, have happened and have been done in due time, form and manner as required by
law, and that the total issue of said improvement bonds of said City for said improvements and incidental
expenses, including this bond, does not exceed the amount authorized by law nor the special assessments
levied to cover the cost of said improvements.

It is hereby further certified, recited and declared that the proceedings with reference to making
such improvements and levying the assessments to pay therefor have been regularly had and taken in compliance 
with law, and that all prerequisites to the fixing of the assessment lien against the property benefited
by the improvements and of the personal liability of the owner or owners of such property therefor have
been performed.

This bond is subject to the condition, and every holder hereof by accepting the same agrees with
the obligor and every subsequent holder hereof, that, (a) the delivery of this bond to any transferee shall
vest title in this bond and in the interest coupons attached hereto in such transferee to the same extent
for all purposes as would the delivery under like circumstances of any negotiable instrument payable to
bearer; (b) the obligor and any agent of the obligor may treat the bearer of this bond as the absolute
owner hereof for all purposes, and shall not be affected by any notice to the contrary; (c) the principal
of and the interest on this bond shall be paid, and this bond and each of the coupons appertaining thereto
are transferable, free from and without regard to any equities between the obligor and the original or any
intermediate holder hereof, or any set-offs or cross-claims; and (d) the surrender to the obligor or any
agent of the obligor of this bond and each of the coupons shall be a good discharge to the obligor for the
same.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, had caused this bond to be signed by its Mayor,
countersigned by its City Treasurer, and its corporate seal to be affixed hereto and attested and counter-
signed by its City Clerk, and the annexed coupons to bear the facsimile signatures of said officials, and
this bond to be dated as of the first day of July, 1953.

(Do Not Sign)

(SEAL)	Mayor

Attested and Countersigned:	Countersigned:

(Do Not Sign)

(Do Not Sign)	City Treasurer

City Clerk

(Coupon Form)

(A)	$18.75

	(B)	31.90

**	(C)	6.25

(D)	10.63

No. *

On the first day of July, 19* *****(Unless the bond to which this coupon is attached has been
called for prior redemption) the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay the bearer
hereof the sum of

(A) EIGHTEEN AND SEVENTY FIVE ONE HUNDREDTHS DOLLARS

(B) THIRTY ONE AND NINETY ONE HUNDREDTHS DOLLARS

(C) SIX AND TWENTY FIVE ONE HUNDREDTHS DOLLARS

(D) TEN AND SIXTY THREE ONE HUNDREDTHS DOLLARS

in lawful money of the United States of America, out of a special fund designated the ’’Assessment District
No. 200-12 Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bond Interest and Redemption Fund”, or in the event said fund shall
be insufficient therefor out of its general fund, at the office of the City Treasurer of said City, being
one year's interest on its "Assessment District No. 200-12 Sanitary Sewer Improvement Bond, Series of July
1, 1953", and bearing
No.

(Facsimile signature)_____

Mayor

(Facsimile signature)_____

City Treasurer

(Facsimile signature)_____

City Clerk

(A) (B) * (Insert as amount of "A" coupon for bond in denomination of $500.00, and $850.69, respectively.)
(C) (D) (Insert as amount of "B" coupon for bond in denomination of $500.00, and $850.69, respectively.)

* (Insert "A" or "B” as well as the number of the coupon.)

****(Insert in all coupons (Except No. 1) maturing on and after one year from date on each bond.)

Section 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer in the City of Las
Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the purchase price. The funds
realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to defray the cost and expense of making said
improvements, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no manner be responsible for the application by said
City, or any of its officers, of any of the funds derived from the sale thereof.

Section 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are, authorized and
directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance, includ- 
ing, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of said bonds and the execution of such
certificates as may reasonably be required by the purchasers thereof, relating, inter alia, to the signing
of the bonds, the tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the amounts certified on the assessment