ORDINANCE NO. 564

AN ORDINANCE TO PROVIDE FOR THE REFUSAL TO ISSUE BUSINESS LICENSES OR FOR THE REVOCATION OF BUSINESS LICENSES |
IN CERTAIN INSTANCES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS
OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. All business licenses issued under any of the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas shall
be subject to revocation by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for any failure of such
licensee, his agents, servants, or employees while engaged in the conduct of the licensed business, to comply
with any of the provisions of the ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 2. A business license issued to any licensee under any of the ordinances of the City of Las
Vegas shall not be renewed, or shall be subject to revocation as the case may be, if such licensee shall main-
tain or carry on any business in any building or structure which is structurally unsafe, or not provided with
adequate egress, or which constitutes a fire hazard, or which is otherwise dangerous to human life or safety, 
or which in relation to existing use constitutes a hazard to safety or health, or public welfare, by reason
of inadequate maintenance, dilapidation, obsolescence, or abandonment; or if such business is a nuisance, a
menace to the public health, or detrimental to the peace or morals of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas may upon complaint, or upon its own
motion, cite any licensee to appear before it at any time to show cause why the license of said licensee
should not be revoked, and at or before the hearing written charges shall be made against the said licensee
specifying therein the facts which form the basis of the charges. At such hearing, or any adjournment there-
of, the licensee may present a reasonable number of witnesses and such other evidence may be produced as may
be relevant for the consideration of said Board of Commissioners. After said hearing, the license shall be
revoked or renewal refused only in the manner provided in the next section.

SECTION 4. Any revocation of a business license, or failure to renew a business license as the case
may be, shall be ordered only by the unanimous vote of the members of the Board of Commissioners present at
the time when such matter was considered.

SECTION 5. This ordinance is not intended to amend or repeal Chapter 17, Section 19, Code of Las
Vegas, Nevada, 1949, except as the same may be inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance, but all
other ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 6. If any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the re-
maining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall
not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 7. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect from its final reading and adoption,
and final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

s/ C. D. Baker
Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 15th day of July, 1953 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Jarrett and 
Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorable on said Ordinance on the 5th
day of August, 1953, that at said meeting held on such day, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the
Board of Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Those voting "Aye":	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Jarrett

Commissioner	Sharp

Commissioner	Whipple

Those voting "nay":	None	Absent:	None

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

COUNTY OF CLARK )	*

A. F. Schellack, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

REVIEW JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two insertions from August 18, 1953 to August 25, 1953 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for
the following dates, to-wit:	August 18, 25, 1953. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated

on each of the dates above named.

s/ A. F. Schellack

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th day of August, 1953.

s/ Neola Gierhart________________

Notary Public in and for Clark

My Commission Expires April l4, 1954.	County, Nevada