d.	All exterior walls of a 'building hereafter erected, extended or structurally altered,
which face a street or property located in an "R" District, shall be designed, treated
and finished in a uniform and satisfactory manner approved by the Planning Commission.

5. Uses customarily incidental to any of the above and accessory buildings, when located on the
same lot, including a storage garage for the exclusive use of the patrons of the stores or
businesses, when located not less than seventy ("70) feet from the front lot line nor less
than five (5) feet from any other street line, or a storage garage constructed as a part
of the main building.

6.	Public or semi-public off-street parking facility, for exclusive use of patrons and employ-
ees, when developed in accord with Section VI.

B.	The following, uses upon the securing of a special Use Permit in each case as provided in
Section XXII of this Ordinance.

1.	Automobile Service Stations for the sale of gasoline, oil and minor accessories only,
where no repair work is done except minor repairs made by the attendant, and provided
all lubrication, washing, tube repairing, battery charging, and tire accessories sales
and storage are conducted and confined wholly within a permanent building.

C.	PARKING AND LOADING REQUIREMENTS:

1.	Loading Zones:	On the same premises with any building, structure or part thereof erected

and/or occupied for any use permitted in this district, with the exception of uses also
permitted in R-1, R-2, R-3 or R-4 districts, there shall be provided and permanently

	maintained on the lot, adequate space for standing of vehicles, loading and unloading

services, in such manner as not to obstruct the freedom of traffic movement upon the
public streets or alleys. Such space, unless otherwise adequately provided for, shall
include not less than a fifteen (15) foot by twenty-five (25) foot loading space with
fourteen(l4) foot height clearance, and which space shall be provided with access to
an alley, or if no alley adjoins the lot, then with access to a street.

2.	PARKING Requirements: On the same premises with any building structure or part thereof,
erected and/or occupied for any use permitted in the district, there shall be provided
and permanently maintained, in accord with Section VI hereof, off-street parking facili-
ties for the employees, patrons and uses of the premises, in accordance with the follow-
ing schedule:

a) OFF-STREET PARKING IN A C-1 ZONE

1.	Any use permitted in an R-1, R-2, R-3 or R-4 District - one (1) space for each
dwelling unit.

2.	Lodging, Boarding or Rooming House or similar places offering overnight accomo-
dations: one (l) space for every two (2) guest rooms.

3.	Motels, or Tourist Homes: one (l) space for each transient room or unit.

4.	Hospitals, sanitariums, orphanages, convalescent homes, homes for the aged or in-
firm, and similar uses: one (l) space for each three(3) patient beds.

5.	Restaurants or diners (as permitted in this district): one(l) space for each four

(4)	patron seats provided, or one(l) space for each 100 square feet of floor area,
whichever is the greater.

6.	Places of public assembly(theatres, fraternal halls, etc.): one(l) space for every
six(6) patron seats or one(l) space for each 90 square feet of floor area, which-
ever is the greater.

7. Churches, libraries and similar places of infrequent assembly: one(l) space for
each ten(lO) seats (20 inches of width of church pew shall be counted as one(l)
seat), or one(l) space for each 90 square feet of floor area, whichever is the
greater.

Note:	Churches shall be allowed the use of joint off-street parking facilities,

etc.



8.	Office Buildings: one (l) space for each 500 square feet of gross floor area.

9.	Medical - Dental Clinics: Three (3) spaces for each doctor's office, plus one

(l) space for each two(2) employees.

10.	Motor vehicle or machinery sales: An area equal to 50% of gross floor area.

11.	Retail or Service establishments not otherwise specified in this Schedule, but
not including food markets, the following minimum spaces:

Square Feet of	Parking Spaces

Gross Floor Area	Required

Under 1000	2

1001 -	2000	4

2001 -	3000	6

3001 -	4000	8

4001-	5000	9

5001 -	5500	10

For an additional 500 square feet or fraction thereof in excess of 5500 - one(l)
additional space.