ORDINANCE NO. 663

AN ORDINANCE TO CREATE A DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE; PROVIDING THAT THE CITY COMPTROLLER IN ADDITION TO HIS
OTHER DUTIES SHALL ALSO BE KNOWN AS THE DIRECTOR OF FINANCE; CREATING SEPARATE DIVISIONS WITHIN THE DE-
PARTMENT OF FINANCE AND PROVIDING DOTIES THEREFORE; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO;

AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Pursuant to the provisions of Section 42 of the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, the
City Comptroller in addition to the duties therein prescribed shall be the head of the Department of Fi-
nance of the City of Las Vegas, which department is hereby created, and he shall also be known as the
Director of Finance of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 2. In addition to the duties prescribed in the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, the City
Comptroller acting as the Director of Finance shall act to promote, secure and preserve the financial and
property interests of the City and shall exercise general supervision over all officers of the City re-
garding the proper management of the fiscal concerns of their respective offices.

SECTION 3. The Department of Finance may be divided into the following Divisions and Supervisors
thereof:

(1)	Division of Accounting headed by the Chief Accountant who shall:

(a)	Maintain a general accounting system for the city government and each of its offices, de-
partments and agencies.

(b)	Keep separate accounts for the items of appropriation contained in the city budget, each
of which accounts shall show the amount of appropriation, the amounts paid therefrom, the unpaid obliga-
tions against it and the unencumbered balance.

(c)	Prescribe the forms of receipts, vouchers, bills or claims to be used by all the offices,
departments and agencies of the city government.

(d)	Audit and approve before payment all bills, invoices, payrolls and other evidences of
claims, demands or charges against the city government and with the advice of the city attorney determine
the regularity, legality and correctness of such claims, demands or charges.

(e)	Require reports of receipts and disbursements from each receiving and spending agency
of the city government to be made daily or at such intervals as may be expedient.

(2)	Division of Purchases, headed by the City purchasing Agent who shall:

(a)	Purchase or contract for all supplies and contractual services needed by any depart-
ment or agency of the City in accordance with purchasing procedures as prescribed by ordinance and such
rules and regulations as prescribed by the Director of Finance, the City Manager, and the Board of Com-
missioners.

(b)	Act to procure for the City the highest quality in supplies and contractual services
at the least expense to the City.

(c)	Endeavor to obtain full and open competition on all purchases and sales.

(d)	Keep informed of current developments in the field of purchasing, prices, market con-
ditions and new products, and secure for the City the benefits of research done in the field of purchas-
ing by other governmental jurisdictions, national technical societies, trade associations, and by pri-
vate businesses and organizations.

(e)	Establish and maintain an inventory control system in accordance with approved munici-
pal systems.

(3)	Division of Licenses and Revenue headed by the Supervisor of Licensing and Revenue who shall: 

(a)	Collect all license fees and issue licenses in the name of the City to all persons
qualified to receive such licenses.

(b)	Promulgate and enforce all reasonable rules and regulations necessary for the operation
and enforcement of the licensing ordinances.

(c)	Adopt all forms and prescribe the information to be given therein.

(d)	Require applicants to submit all affidavits and oaths necessary to the administration
of the licensing ordinances.

(e)	Submit all applications, in a proper case, to interested City officials for their en-
dorsements thereon as to compliance by the applicant with all city regulations which they have the duty
of enforcing.

(f)	Investigate and determine the eligibility of any applicant for a license as prescribed

herein.

(g)	Examine the books and records of any applicant or licensee when necessary to the ad-
ministration and enforcement of the licensing ordinances.

(h)	Perform any functions not herein mentioned which the City Clerk is required to perform
by existing ordinances as they pertain to City licenses.

(i)	Furnish a bond to the City in the amount of $25,000 to secure the faithful performance
of his duties.

(j)	Perform any other function designated by the Director of Finance or the City Manager.

(4)	Division of the City Clerk, who shall be called City Clerk, and who shall:

(a)	Perform the duties and functions provided by the Charter of the City, and such other
duties not inconsistent therewith as may be prescribed by the Director of Finance, City Manager, or Board
of Commissioners.

(5)	Division of the Treasury, supervised by the City Treasurer who shall:

(a)	Perform the duties and functions provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, and
such other duties not inconsistent therewith as may be prescribed by the Director of Finance, City Mana-
ger, or Board of Commissioners.

SECTION Any of the duties prescribed in Section 3(l), 3(2), or 3(3) may be performed by the Di-
rector of Finance if the positions provided for are not otherwise filled.

SECTION 5. Separability Provision: If any section subsection, sentence, clause, phrase or portion

of this ordinance is for any reason held invalid or unconstitutional by any court of competent jurisdic-
tion, such portion shall be deemed a separate, distinct and independent provision and such holding shall
not affect the validity of the remaining portions hereof.

SECTION 6. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its read-
ing and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D.Baker

ATTEST:	Mayor-

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk