19. Sewers. Every trailer park shall be served with an approved sewer system with connections
thereto on every trailer site. Said sewer system shall comply with this ordinance and the provisions
of the laws or ordinances governing such installation and as approved by the Health Department and
Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas.

a. Immediately after being placed on a trailer site, every trailer coach shall have its sink

and water closet connected to said sewer by a flexible drain or a drain approved by the numbing Inspector.

b. Each trailer site shall be provided with a sewer lateral which shall terminate with a cast
iron "p" trap not less than four (4) inches in diameter, the inlet of which shall be provided with an
approved fitting so designed and installed to receive the discharge from the trailer drain connection
at proper grade. The trap or its extension above, grade shall be protected by a metal casing or en-
closed with at least four (4) inches of concrete approximately 18"x18" square. Each outlet shall be
capped gastight when not in use. No trap shall be more than twenty-four (24) inches below grade.

Traps in unstable soil shall be supported on a concrete pad.

c.	No vent shall be less than two (2) inches in diameter. All vents shall be located at least
ten (10) feet from the adjoining property line of a trailer park and shall extend at least ten (10)
feet above ground level. All vents shall be strapped and supported by at least the equivalent of a
4"x4" redwood post securely anchored in the ground.

20.	Signs.

a.	In every trailer park rest rooms shall be distinctly and appropriately marked "For Men" or
"For Women".

b.	A building permit for the installation or construction of one (1) outdoor advertising sign
or structure may be issued only if said sign complies with those requirements as specified in the Land
Use Ordinance, its amendments or any other ordinance applicable.

21.	Toilet Facilities. Every trailer park shall provide properly installed toilet facilities,
properly maintained in good working order and accessible at all times for the use of the occupants of
the trailer sites in the trailer park, containing not less than the following plumbing fixtures.

a.	For trailer parks which provide trailer sites used for and accept only independent (modern)
trailers with independent sanitary facilities, there shall be not less than one water closet and one
stall shower and lavatory for each sex.

b.	For trailer parks used and operated to provide facilities for dependent trailers, there shall
be not less than two water closets in separate compartments and one stall shower and lavatory for each
sex for the first eight trailers except, however, in trailer parks so used which provide more than
eight trailer sites there shall be not less than the following plumbing fixtures in accordance with
the location requirements as set forth in "c" below:

1.	One (l) public toilet and one (1) stall shower for each sex, for every
eight (8) auto trailer units.

2.	One (1) public urinal may be substituted to the extent of 25 per cent
(25%) of men's section as designated herein.

3. One (1) public lavatory for each sex for every eight (8) auto trailer units.

4. One (1) double compartment laundry tray for every thirty-five (35) auto trailer
units or fraction thereof. If, however, automatic washers are installed, the
said laundry tray may be deleted.

5.	Floor drains - An approved type of floor drain shall be installed in all 
concrete floors in all rooms containing sanitary plumbing fixtures, includ-
ing garbage cans enclosures. One outlet for water at or near each and every
floor drain shall be installed.

6.	The above listed items shall be connected to the auto trailer court sewer or
water system as specified by the Plumbing Inspector.

c.	All toilet facilities for dependent trailers shall be not further than two hundred (200)
feet from each trailer site.

22.	Nothing in this Ordinance shall be construed to prohibit any owner of a lot or tract of land
from parking his own trailer thereon and living therein, if proper sanitary facilities are provided

as required by the Health Department and provided:

1.	That the owner is constructing a single house on said lot for his own use, provided, however;
that this exception shall not exceed the period of one (1) year from the date of first occupancy.

23.	Trailer Coach, Storage by Owner. Nothing in this Ordinance shall be deemed to prohibit the
storage of only one trailer coach as defined herein on the one premises of its owner, when not used
for living or sleeping purposes, provided that the owner will sign an affidavit to that effect at the
City of Las Vegas Health Department, and provided that said trailer shall not be connected with or
served by any electric, gas or water facilities and is not used for any purpose other than being stored
on said premises.

24. Unlawful Occupancy. It shall be unlawful for any person in a trailer park to use or cause
or knowingly permit to be used for occupancy:

a.	Any trailer coach which is permanently attached with underpinning or foundation to the ground.

b.	Any trailer coach in an unsanitary condition.

c.	Any trailer coach which is structurally unsound and does not protect its occupants against
the elements.

d.	Any cabana or ramada on any trailer site untenanted by a trailer coach.

e.	Any cabana, ramada or other structure which is detrimental to health through lack of maintenance,
general repair, unsanitary conditions or unsafe or improper construction.