(c)	Inspect any building, wall or structure about which complaints are filed by any person
to the effect that a building, wall, or structure is or may be existing in violation of the terms of
this ordinance,

(d)	Notify in writing the owner, occupant, lessee, mortgagee, agent and all other persons having
an apparent interest in said building of any building found by him to be a "dangerous building" within
the standards set forth in Section 1 of this ordinance, that: (l) the owner must vacate, or repair,

or demolish said building in accordance with the terms of the notice and this ordinance; (2) the
occupant or lessee must vacate said building or may have it repaired in accordance with the notice and
remain in possession; (3) the mortgagee, agent or other persons having an interest in said building
may at his own risk, repair, vacate or demolish said building or have such work or act done; PROVIDED,
that any person notified under this subsection to repair, vacate, or demolish any building shall be
given such reasonable time, not exceeding six (6) months as may be necessary to do, or have done, the
work or act required by the notice provided for herein. 

(e) Set forth in the notice provided for in subsection (d) hereof, a description of the
building or structure deemed unsafe, a statement of the particulars which make the building or structure
a "dangerous building" and an order requiring the same to be put in such condition as to comply with
the terms of this ordinance within such length of time, not exceeding six (6) months, as is
reasonable.

(f)	Report to the City Commission any non-compliance with the "notice" provided for in subsections

(d)	and (e) hereof.

(g)	Appear at all hearings and testify as to the condition of "dangerous buildings."

(h)	Place a notice on all "dangerous buildings" reading as follows:

"This Building has been found to be a dangerous building by the Building Inspector.

This notice is to remain on this building until is is repaired, vacated, or demolished
in accordance with the notice which has been given the owner, occupant, lessee, mortgagee,
or agent of this building, and all other persons having an interest in said building.

It is unlawful to remove this notice until such notice is complied with."

SECTION 5. DUTIES OF THE BOARD OF APPEALS. The Board of Appeals shall:

(a)	Upon receipt of a report of the Building Inspector as provided for in Section 4,
subsection (f) hereof, give written notice to the owner, occupant, mortgagee, lessee, agent, and all
other persons having an apparent interest in said building to appear before them on the date specified
in the notice to show cause why the building or structure reported to be a "dangerous building" should
not be repaired, vacated, or demolished in accordance with the statement of particulars set forth

in the Building Inspector’s notice provided for herein in Section 4, subsection (d).

(b)	Hold a hearing and hear such testimony as the Building Inspector or the owner, occupant,
mortgagee, lessee, or any other person having an interest in said building shall offer relative to the
"dangerous building".

(c)	Make written findings of fact from the testimony offered pursuant to subsection (b) as to
whether or not the building in question is a "dangerous building" within the terms of Section 1 hereof.

(d)	Issue an order based upon finding of fact made pursuant to subsection (c) commanding the
owner, occupant, mortgagee, lessee, agent and all other persons having an apparent interest in said
building to repair, vacate, or demolish any building found to be a "dangerous building" within the terms
of this ordinance and provided that any person so notified, except the owners, shall have the privilege
of either vacating or repairing said "dangerous building"; or any person not the owner of said
"dangerous building" at his own risk to prevent the acquiring of a lien against the land upon which said "dan-
gerous building" stands by the city as provided in subsection (e) hereof.

(e)	If the owner, occupant, mortgagee or lessee fails to comply with the order provided for in
subsection (d) hereof, within 10 days, the Building Commissioner shall cause such building or
structure to repaired, vacated, or demolished as the facts may warrant, under the standards herein before
provided for in Section 2 of this ordinance, and shall with the assistance of the City Attorney cause
the costs of such repair, vacation or demolition to be charged against the land on which the building
existed as a municipal lien or cause Such costs to be added as an assessment, or to be levied as a
special tax against the land upon which the building stands or did stand, or to be recovered in a suit
against the owner; PROVIDED, that in cases where such procedure is desirable and any delay thereby caused
will not. be dangerous to the health, morals, safety, or general welfare of the people of this City, the
City Commission shall notify the City Attorney to take legal action to force the owner to make all
necessary repairs or demolish the building.

(f)	Report to the City Attorney the names of all persons not complying with the order provided
for in section 5 subsection (d) hereof.

SECTION 6. VIOLATIONS - PENALTY FOR DISREGARDING NOTICES OR ORDERS. The owner of any "dangerous
building" who shall fail to comply with any notice or order to repair, vacate, or demolish said
building given by any person authorized by this ordinance to give such notice or order shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be fined not exceeding Five Hundred Dollars
($500.00) for each offense and each and every day such failure to comply continues beyond the date fixed
for compliance, shall constitute a separate offense.

The occupant or lessee in possession who fails to comply with any notice to vacate and who fails to
repair said building in accordance with any notice given as provided for in this ordinance shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be fined not exceeding FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS
($500.00) for each offense and each and every day such failure to comply continues beyond the date fixed
for compliance, shall constitute a separate offense.

Any person removing the notice provided for in Section 4, subsection (h) hereof shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor and upon conviction shall be fined not exceeding FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($500.00) for each
offense.