SECTION 2. Section 39, Chapter 36, Code of Las Vegas, 1949, is hereby amended to read as

follows:

(a)	Vehicles to keep to the right. Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge
of any vehicle moving slowly upon any street shall keep such vehicle as close as possible to the
curb on the right, allowing more swiftly moving vehicles free passage on the left.

Every person riding, driving, propelling or in charge of ary vehicle, upon meeting any
other vehicle at any place upon any street, shall turn to the right and on all occasions when it is
practicable so to do shall travel on the right side of such street and near the right-hand curb there-
of, excepting when the right-hand side of the street is obstructed by teams, buildings or other
material, or when the street is closed for repairs; in such cases the travel shall be as far away
from the left-hand curb as possible, so as to allow other vehicles to freely pass.

(b)	At comers generally. The operators of vehicles approaching any intersection of the
street within the city shall yield the right of way to vehicles approaching such intersection from
the right of such first names vehicles, but in the event either vehicle has entered the intersection,
said vehicle shall have the right of way, provided that when there is a traffic officer at the inter-
section, he shall have full power to regulate traffic; for the purpose of this chapter curb lines
shall make the boundary of street intersections in the absence of other markers authorized in this
chapter.

(c) Turning corners to the right. Every person riding, driving, propelling, or in charge
of any vehicle turning to the right from one street into another, shall have the right of way over
any vehicle traveling in the direction in which such vehicle is turning; and every person riding,
driving, propelling, or in charge of any vehicle traveling in the direction in which such vehicle
is turning shall allow such right of way to such vehicle so turning.

(d)	Turning comers to the left.

(1)	The driver of a vehicle in an intersection intending to turn to the left shall yield
the right of way to any vehicle approaching from the opposite direction which is within the inter-
section or so close thereto to constitute an immediate hazard.

(2) Said driver turning left, having so yielded and having given a signal when and as re-
quired by this ordinance, may make such left turn and the drivers of all other vehicles approaching
the intersection from said opposite direction shall yield the right of way to the driver making the
left turn.

SECTION 3. Any person violating the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and on conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred
($500.00) dollars, and/or six (6) months in the City Jail, or by a combination of both such fine
and imprisonment.

SECTION 4. All ordinances or parts of this ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby

repealed.

SECTION 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST;

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	/a/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and ready by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 7th day of March, 1956, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Fountain and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said
ordinance on the 18 day of April, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on said day, the proposed
ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the
following vote:

Voting "Aye"; Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker
Voting "Nay"; None	Absent:	None

APPROVED;

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNT! OF CLARK ) 
STATE OF NEVADA, )

RICHARD LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING

SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period
of two (2) weeks from April 21, 1956 to April 28, 1956 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper
for the following dates, to-wit: April 21, 28, 1956. That said newspaper was regularly issued and
circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ RICHARD LOCHRIE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of May, 1956.

/s/ BARBARA J. GREENSPUN
NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires March 17, 1960