b.	Driveway - Lighting - A minimum of one (1) one hundred watt (100W) lamp shall be installed and
provided for protective lighting on each one hundred (100) linear feet on all driveways or walkways and
said lamps shall be lighted from sunset to sunrise of the succeeding day.

8.	Electric Limiting

a.	Every public restroom shall be lighted from sunset to sunrise of the succeeding day. Such
lighting shall be provided in an amount of not less than one-half (1/2) watt per square foot of floor
area in any such room. Every public bath, laundry room and sink shall be supplied with lights which
may be turned on by the person using such room.

9.	Existing Licensed Trailer Parks. Compliance.

a.	Except as to operation and maintenance as defined and provided in this Ordinance, existing
licensed trailer parks which are in full compliance with Ordinance #507, may be continued although
such use does not conform to the regulations specified by this ordinance; provided, however, that no
such non-conforming use shall be enlarged or increased, nor shall any non-conforming use be extended
to occupy a greater area of land than that occupied by such use at the time of the adoption of this
ordinance, nor shall any such non-conforming use be moved in whole or in part to any other portion of
the lot or parcel of land occupied by such non-conforming use at the time of the adoption of this
ordinance; provided, further, that if any such non-conforming use of land ceases for any reason for
any continuous period of not less than one year, any subsequent use of such land shall be in conformity
to the regulations specified by this ordinance for the district in which such land is located.

Any existing trailer park which does not comply with the provisions of Ordinance #507 on the date
of the adoption of this ordinance, and which does not comply with the provisions of this ordinance,
is hereby declared to be a nuisance and shall be abated as required by law.

10.	Fences, Awnings and Windbreaks.

Every trailer park shall be enclosed with a fence, wall or compact evergreen hedge six (6) feet
in height, except that fences shall not be required on front boundary or property lines of park.

No structure nor portion thereof, including an awning, shall be located closer than ten (10)
feet from any trailer coach, cabana or awning on an adjacent trailer site; provided, however, that
a windbreak may be located on lot lines.

11.	Fire protection.

In every trailer park or portion thereof which contains more than ten (10) cabanas and/or
trailers there shall be installed and maintained approved fire hydrants and fire extinguishers of the
number, type, size and location approved by the department having jurisdiction, provided, however,
that all trailer parks regardless of size, shall meet the minimum requirements of the City Fire
Department.

12.	Garbage and Trash. In every trailer park an adequate number of metal garbage cans with tight
fitting covers, located within a central area or areas, enclosed from view shall be provided and
maintained.

No person who uses, occupies or operates or maintains any trailer coach or trailer park shall
deposit or dispose of any garbage, rubbish or refuse otherwise than by approved methods in approved
locations, as required by the Health Department and laws or ordinances governing such disposal.

13. Gas Lines. Where gas lines are to be installed the distribution system and gas lines shall
be required to comply with the Plumbing Code of the City of Las Vegas as specified for houses.

14. Gas Water Heaters. Every gas water heater or appliance shall be an approved vented type
and shall comply with all "the applicable provisions of the Building Codes and this ordinance.

15.	Habitable Enclosures and Awnings. No tents or other habitable enclosures shall be allowed in
any trailer park unless as specified herein and unless complying with any other City ordinance, except
that canvas roofs and window awnings may be installed if only one (l) side or end is fastened to one
trailer coach.

16.	Laundries and Laundry Yards. In every trailer park there shall be a laundry compartment
constructed and maintained not further than five hundred feet (500') from any trailer site. Said
laundry shall be supplied with hot and cold water and one (1) double compartment laundry tray shall
be installed for every thirty-five (35) trailer sites or fraction thereof.

In every trailer park there shall be set aside a space convenient and adjacent to the above
laundry facilities for the occupants of the trailer sites to dry clothes. There shall be provided
adequate and usable line space for each trailer site and the drying of clothes or lines on trailer
sites shall not be permitted. Such laundry drying yards shall be enclosed from view from the trailer
park front boundary line.

17.	Maintenance & Operation, Responsibility. The owner, operator or lessee of the trailer park
or his designated agent shall be responsible for securing the maintenance of all devices, installations
and safeguards required by this Ordinance in an approved safe and sanitary condition and in approved
repair and operating order, and shall also be responsible for securing the maintenance and repairs of
all structures and their sites, and the over-all operation of the trailer park.

No structure shall be erected, placed or maintained as to obstruct a required opening in a
cabana or awning or a required open space on a site, or prevent inspection of electrical or sanitary
facilities or trailer equipment.

18.	Parking.

a. It shall be unlawful to park a trailer coach over night upon any public highway, including
the right of way. This provision shall not apply where a trailer coach is parked for the purpose of
making emergency repairs.

b.	Every trailer park shall provide one off-driveway parking space for each trailer site and
shall in addition provide guest parking spaces in a ratio of 20% to total trailer site parking spaces.