construction of a wash rack shall be approved by the Building Department.

SECTION 19: DRAINAGE: EVery Auto Trailer Park shall be located and constructed on a well drained area,
and such premises shall be properly graded so as to prevent the accumulation of storm or casual water.

SECTION 20:	ENCLOSURES PROHIBITED:	No tents or other habitable enclosure shall be allowed in any Auto

Trailer Unit or any other location within an Auto Trailer Park unless complying with City ordinances except
that fire proof canvas roofs only may be installed with one (l) side or end fastened to one (1) Auto Trailer.

SECTION 21: 'WHEELS:	It shall be unlawful for ary person owning, operating, or occupying for living quar-

ters any Auto Trailer within the City of Las Vegas to remove or cause to have removed the wheels or any
similar transporting device from said Auto Trailer, or to otherwise permanently fix it to the ground in
a manner that would pre-vent the ready removal of said Auto Trailer.

SECTION 22:	ANIMALS:	Dogs or other animals at no time will be permitted to run at large in any Auto

Trailer Park.

SECTION 23:	RENT OR LEASE:	It shall be unlawful for any person to rent or lease, or cause to be

rented or leased, any Auto Trailer to any person to be used as living quarters within the City of Las
Vegas except within a licensed trailer court.

SECTION 24:	ELECTRICAL WORK:	That all electrical service be governed by and Conform with the City

Ordinances.

SECTION 25: ELECTRIC LIGHTING:	Every public toilet and every public urinal room shall be lighted from

sunset to sunrise of the succeeding day. Such lighting shall be provided in an amount not less than
one-half (1/2) watt per square foot of floor area in any such room. Every public bath, laundry, room,
sink and slop sink shall be supplied with lights which may be turned on by the person using such room.

Every required roadway in any Auto Trailer Park shall be adequately lighted from sunset to sunrise of the
succeeding day. The lighting equipment shall be such that not less than one hundred (100) watt lamps
shall be provided for each one hundred (100) feet, linear, or roadway, or major fraction thereof or as
otherwise directed by the City Electrical Inspector.

SECTION 26:	FIRE PROTECTION:	Every Auto Trailer Park shall be provided with not less than two (2)

suitable extinguishers approved by the Department having jurisdiction as to location, type and number.

SECTION 27: GAS WATER HEATERS:	Every gas water heater or appliance used for the purpose of heating shall

be an approved vented type appliance and shall comply with all applicable provisions of the Health and
Safety Code and this Code.

SECTION 28: SUPERVISION:

(a)	The owner or operator of every Auto Trailer Park before allowing any Auto Trailers therein,
shall file with the Health Department the name of the person who will be in continuous responsible
charge of said park, and who is authorized to act for him. Any change in such person in charge will be
immediately reported to the above mentioned Health Department.

(b)	In every Auto Trailer Park there shall be an office building in which shall be located the
office of the person in charge of said park. The Park register shall at all times be kept in said
office.

(d) It shall be the duty of the owner, operator, or person in charge of any Auto Trailer Park:

1. To keep at all times a register of all persons staying in his park, which register shall be at all times
open to inspection by City, State and Federal Officers. Said register shall record the names and home
addresses of all persons staying in said Auto Trailer Park, the date of their arrival, date of their departure,
the license number of all Auto Trailer and Automobiles in said park, the name of the State or County in
which they are registered, and the Trailer Unit on which each is located.

2. To maintain said Park in a clean, orderly and sanitary condition at all times.

3.	To require that all such Auto Trailers and Automobiles are located on their respective trailer units
as required by the terms of this ordinance.

4. To require all toilets in every Auto Trailer in said Park to be sealed so that they cannot be used
during the total time it shall remain in said park, unless through trap to approved sanitary sewer*

5.	To require every plumbing fixture in any Auto Trailer in said park to be connected to the park sewer
during its entire stay in said park.

6.	To see that all required lights are kept lighted as provided for in this ordinance.

7.	To see that garbage is drained and wrapped as required by Ordinance and deposited in the garbage cans
required by Section l6 of this Ordinance and to see that all such garbage cans are collected, cleaned,
and redistributed as required by the Ordinances of the City of Las Vegas.

8.	Not to permit any domestic animal in said camp unless said animal is kept on a leash or is confined
in an adequate enclosure.

9. To report promptly to the proper authorities any violation of law which may come to his attention.

10. To post in a water proof holder in a conspicuous place in each Trailer Park a copy of this subsection,
and the provisions of the ordinance relating to the disposition of garbage.

SECTION 29:	APPLICATION FOR A PERMIT TO OBTAIN A LICENSE:	Applications for a permit to obtain a lic-

ense for a trailer park shall be filed with the Health Department. Applications shall be in writing, signed
by the applicant, and shall contain the following:

(a)	The name and address of the applicant.

(b)	The location and legal description of the Trailer Park.