Affidavit of Publication (cont.)

/s/ LILLIAN D. LANE

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission expires July 30, 1958

ORDINANCE NO. 726

AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF IAS VEGAS, NEVADA, REGULATING THE CONSTRUCTION, MAINTENANCE, USE AND OPER-
ATION OF TRAILER PARKS; REQUIRING PERMITS FOR THE OPERATION OF TRAILER PARKS; PROVIDING REGULATIONS
FOR THE USE AND STORAGE OF TRAILERS ON PRIVATE PREMISES; PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERE-
TO; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION HEREOF; AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES
IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION I	PURPOSE AND SCOPE

This ordinance is designed and created for the purpose of promoting the public health, safety,
morals and general welfare of the present and future inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas by providing
certain minimum standards, provisions, requirements and arrangements for sanitation, safety and use
of materials and maintenance for all Auto Trailer Parks or Trailer Coaches on private property.

SECTION II	DEFINITIONS

1. Building - shall mean any structure having a roof supported by columns or walls for the
housing or inclosure of persons, animals or chattels, or property of any kind.

2.	Building Code - shall mean the Uniform Building Code of the City of Las Vegas as amended
from time to time.

3.	Business or Commerce - shall mean to purchase, rental, sale or other transaction involving
the handling or disposition of any article, substance or commodity for profit or livelihood, or the
repair or maintenance of any article, or the sale of personal services and similar enterprises of the
same class.

4. Cabana - shall mean any protable, demountable or permanent cabin, small house, room, en-
closure or other building erected, constructed or placed on any trailer site within six feet (6)
of any trailer coach on the same site in a trailer park.

a.	Cabana - Permanent - shall mean any cabana which is designed so as not to be readily
disassembled, moved or reassembled.

b.	Cabana - Portable or Demountable - shall mean any prefabricated cabana which is designed
to be readily assembled and disassembled and adapted to ready transportation from place to place.

5.	Driveway - is a thoroughfare provided and maintained in a trailer park as the principal means
of access to the abutting trailer sites.

6.	Person - shall mean an individual, firm, co-partnership, corporation, estate, trust, receiver,
syndicate, the federal or state government, city, county, district, or any other group or combination
acting as an entity.

7.	Ramada - shall mean any roof, or shade structure installed, erected or used above a trailer
coach and site of any portion thereof.

8.	Structure - shall be defined as the construction or erection of any building, fence, sign,
tower, edifice, or building of any kind, or any piece of work artificially built up or composed of
parts joined together in some definite manner, which requires location on the ground or attached to
something having location on the ground.

9.	Toilet - Includes water closet.

10.	Trailer Coach - shall mean any building, structure, or vehicle equipped with wheels to
facilitate movement from place to place or to travel on the public thoroughfares, and designed, used
and maintained for human habitation. Such definition shall include automobiles or trucks where used
for living or sleeping purposes.

a.	Dependent Trailer Coach - shall mean a trailer coach not equipped with a water closet.

b.	Independent Trailer Coach - means a trailer coach equipped with a water closet.

11.	Trailer Park - shall mean any lot or tract of land used or intended to be used for the
accomodation of two or more auto trailers.

12.	Trailer Park Front Boundary Line - shall mean those exterior property lines of an auto trailer
park which have direct access to a public street or thoroughfare.

13. Trailer Site or Lot - shall mean that portion of an auto trailer park or trailer park sub-
division designated, used or designed for the occupancy of not more than one (1) auto trailer coach
and includes that area set aside or used for automobile parking, carports, storage, cabana, ramada
or other structures, and the yard area as required herein.

Hi. Trailer Site, Interior Lot Line - shall mean those lines bounding an auto trailer site on its
sides or rear, exclusive of exterior or park boundary lines.

15.	Unfit for Human Habitation or Occupancy - shall mean any trailer park, cabana or other structure
or sanitary facility which is dangerous to human life or detrimental to health through either lack of
maintenance or repair generally, or because of unsafe or improper construction or installation.

16.	Windbreak - means any protective fence, wall, structure or shelter from the wind which exceeds
forty-two inches (42") in height.

17. Temporary - Any specified length of time less than twelve (12) months.

18. Operation and Maintenance - shall mean (a) safe, sanitary and efficient operation of all re-
quired devices, installations, safeguards and sites and (b) the operation and supervision of trailer
parks as provided in Sec. VII of this Ordinance.