PARCEL 3

Beginning at the intersection of the North boundary of Sweeney Avenue with the North-South center section
line of Section 2, Township 21 South, Range 6l East, MDB&M; thence West a distance of 400 feet to a
point; thence North to a point 140 feet South of Hillside Terrace Subdivision; thence East and parallel
to the South line of said Hillside Terrace Subdivision to the center section line of said Section 2;
thence South from the said section line of Section 2 to the North right-of-way line of Sweeney Avenue,
which is the true point of beginning.

PARCEL 4

Beginning at the intersection of Maryland Parkway and San Francisco Street; thence West on the center
line of San Francisco Street to a point 150 feet West of the center line of Maryland Parkway; thence
North and parallel to the center line of Maryland Parkway to the South boundary of Lots 1 and 15,

Block 22 of the Huntridge Subdivision, Tract thence East along the boundary of said Huntridge
Subdivisions to a point 150 feet East of the center line of Maryland Parkway; thence South and parallel
to the center line of Maryland Parkway to a point on the South boundary of the Catholic High School
property; thence West on said South boundary line to the intersection of the center line of Maryland
Parkway; thence South on the center line of Maryland Parkway to the center line intersection of
Maryland Parkway and San Francisco Street, which is the true point of beginning.

PARCEL 5

Beginning at the center line intersection of 15th Street and Bracken Avenue; thence East along the proposed
center line of Bracken Avenue to the intersection of the center section line of Section 2, Township
21 South, Range 6l East, MDB&M; thence South along the said center section line to a point 500 feet South
of the center line of Oakey Boulevard; thence West and parallel to the center line of Oakey Boulevard
to the East boundary of Morning View Heights Tract #1; thence North along the East boundary of Morning
View Heights Tract #1 to the center line of Oakey Blvd; thence West along the center line of Oakey Blvd,
to the Northwest corner of Mountain View Heights Tract #1; thence South along the West boundary of said
Mountain View Heights Tract #1 to a point 500 feet South of the center line of Oakey Boulevard; thence
West and parallel to the center line of Oakey Boulevard to the East boundary of Marycrest Estates; thence
North along the East boundary line of Marycrest Estates to the intersection of the center line of Oakey
Boulevard; thence West on the center line of Oakey Boulevard to the center line intersection of 15th
Street; thence North on the center line of 15th Street to the center line intersection of Bracken
Avenue, which is the time point of beginning.

PARCEL 6

Beginning at the intersection of the alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue with the center line
of 25th Street; thence North along 25th Street to a point 180 feet North of the center line of Walnut
Avenue; thence Westerly and parallel to and 180 feet North of the center line of Walnut Avenue to its
intersection with the center line of 23rd Street; thence South along the center line of 23rd Street to
its intersection with the alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue; thence Easterly along the
center line of the alley between Walnut Avenue and Mesquite Avenue to its intersection with the center
line of 25th Street, which is the true point of beginning.

SECTION 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality
to be improved together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in her office for public
inspection and examination.

SECTION 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at; the City Hall in said City on
Monday, the 12th day of April, 1954 at the hour of 8:00 o'clock P.M. , to hear and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements, or any
matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk at any time prior to
said meeting.

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates, plats, diagrams,
and plans with the City Clerk for examination, of the proposed improvement or work, of the location of the
improvement, of the district to be assessed, and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any
suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said
notice shall be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Morning Sun,
a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas and also by posting said notices in at least
three public places near the site of said proposed work.

SECTION 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate
the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific
sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or
more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in
any other instances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raid funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and
that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 31st day of March, 1954.

(SEAL)

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk