SECTION 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish no-
tice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments at least
once a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las
Vegas. Said notice shall, he in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of Commis-
sioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the as-
sessments and hear any objections to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself ag-
grieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or de-
scription of the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or
said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and di-
rect a new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an in-
dorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the form prescribed by the Char-
ter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall be
final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, Acting Ex-Officio City
Assessor, the assessment roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such con-
firmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, Acting Ex-Officio City Assessor, shall thereupon,
without extra compensation, record such assessment roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of
the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents
of such assessment roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity
of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and assessment
roll.

SECTION l4. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirmation and
approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special assess-
ments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until paid.

SECTION 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer of
Clark County, Nevada, Acting Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, within two weeks after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and
without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the owner,
be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any
part thereof, within said period of two weeks shall be conclusively considered and held and election on the
part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case
of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of said Ex-
Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which in-
stallments of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable on or before
the 1st day of November, 1956, and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively
on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the un-
paid and deferred installments of principal from the 1st day of November, 1955 at the same rate of interest
as that provided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but
not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer,
the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of November, 1956, and the re-
mainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of November in each year
thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole
of the unpaid principal to became due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and
accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale,
but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with in-
terest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the
right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of
any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid
principal with interest with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interst thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on and a-
gainst the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, Acting Ex-Officio Assessor of
the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and
to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer of
said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and
County taxes are collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be placed in
a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-36 Bond Interest and Redemption
Fund," and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the
payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized, sold, is-
sued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund
shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used
for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-Officio City Treasu-
rer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-Officio City Assessor, whose name appears on said
assessment roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied against said person and
the designated property in said Street improvement Assessment District No. 100-36 and shall state therein when
and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this Ordinance) heretofore taken by
the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the paving, curbing and guttering, and
installing concrete valley gutters on certain streets and parts of streets therein and otherwise improving
certain streets and parts of streets in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-36, toward the cre-
ation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof
be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders resolutions
and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.