(d)	That applicant is not engaged in any fraudulent transaction or enterprise.

(e)	That the solicitation will not be a fraud upon the public.

(f)	That the exact purpose for which the solicitation is to be made is in fact a charitable
or welfare purpose; the solicitation is primarily intended to finance the exact purpose described
in the application, and will not be conducted primarily for private profit.

(g)	That the solicitation is prompted solely by a desire to finance the charitable cause
described in the application.

(h)	That the solicitation and its related activities will not be detrimental to health, life,
or property of the citizens of the City of Las Vegas.

(i) That the cost of raising funds will be reasonable. Any such cost in excess of twenty-five
(25%) of the amount collected shall be considered to be unreasonable, unless special facts are
presented showing that peculiar reasons make a cost higher than twenty-five (25%) reasonable in the
particular case.

(j)	That no person shall for pecuniary compensation or consideration conduct or make any
solicitation by telephone for or on behalf of any actual or purported charitable use, purpose, asso-
ciation, corporation or institution.

(1) The provisions of Subsection (j) hereof shall not apply to any communication
by telephone between persons personally known to each other.

(k)	That said applicant is maintaining a system of complete accounting.

(l)	That no provision of this ordinance will be violated, if the solicitation is conducted
as set f orth in the application.

SECTION 5. Section 5 of Ordinance No. 677 is hereby amended to read as follows:

SOLICITATIONS REVIEW BOARD. A solicitations Review Board, composed of five (5) members,
to be appointed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby created. The
members of such Board shall hold office for a period of two years, except that upon the enactment
of this ordinance, two persons shall be appointed for one-year terms, and three persons for two-year
terms. Vacancies on said Board shall be filled by appointment made by the Board of Commissioners.

(a)	The Supervisor of Licenses and Revenue shall submit all applications to the Solicitations
Review Board for its recommendations.

(b)	It shall be the duty of the Solicitations Review Board to meet regularly or on call by
the Supervisor of Licenses and Revenue, to review such applications and recommend to the Board of
Commissioners the issuance of a permit for each application concerning which it has been found that
the provisions of Section 4 have been complied with,

(c)	The Solicitations Review Board shall recommend the denial of permits for all other appli-
cations, or the withholding of permits until such time as the standards set forth in Section 4 of
this Ordinance shall be fully met.

SECTION 6. Section 6 of Ordinance No. 677 is hereby amended to read as follows:

ISSUANCE, DENIAL AND REVOCATION OF PERMITS. The Supervisor of Licenses and Revenue shall
issue a permit to an applicant if and when he receives from the Board of Commissioners its recommen-
dation that such permit be issued and receives payment for the permit fee hereinafter provided for.

He shall deny a permit in each instance where the Board of Commissioners so recommends. He shall
revoke a permit if and when he finds that any of the provisions of this Ordinance are being violated.

SECTION 7. Section 9 of Ordinance No, 677 is hereby amended to read as follows:

FEE FOR CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS PERMIT. Before a permit is issued, there shall be paid to
the Supervisor of Licenses and Revenue the fees prescribed as follows:

(a)	Where	the	solicitation	is	for	an	amount	of	$1;99	or	less,	a fee of $1.00.

(b)	Where	the	solicitation	is	for	an	amount	of	$500.00	or more, a fee of $10.00

(c)	If the amount actually raised is more than $500, regardless of the original fee paid,
the provisions of (b) herein shall apply, and the permittee shall pay the additional fee.

No fee shall be charged an organization soliciting solely for evangelical, missionary or re-
ligious purposes, and provided further that the Solicitations Review Board may waive any other re-
quirements of this Ordinance when such solicitation is for evangelical, missionary or religious purposes
according to the commonly accepted definitions of such purposes.

SECTION 8. Section 10 of Ordinance No. 677 is hereby amended to read as follows*

BOND. At the time of filing an application for a permit, the applicant shall file and there-
after maintain with the City, if said permit is granted, a good and sufficient bond as follows:

(a)	Where	the	solicitation	is	for	an	amount	of	$499	or	less,	a bond of $500.

(b)	Where	the	solicitation	is	for	an	amount	of	$500	or	more,	a bond of $1000.

Said bond shall run to the City of Las Vegas for the use and benefit of interested persons and
parties, executed by the applicant and by two or more responsible sureties, or a surety company
authorized to do business in the State of Nevada. Said bond shall be conditioned upon the strict
compliance of the principal with the provisions of this Ordinance and the payment of any pecuniary
loss sustained, through any act, fraud or theft on the part of the principal, by any donor, or by
any person on whose behalf the funds or personal property were solicited or received by the principal.