SECTION 4. That the Special Assessment District, which it is proposed to
create, shall be designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-20,
and shall include all the lots, premises, and property to the full depth of such, front-
ing, adjoining, and abutting on said alley and part thereof.

SECTION 5. That the City Clerk shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of
the work and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof,
on file in her office for public inspection and examination.

SECTION 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City
Hall in said City on Wednesday, the 10th day of March, 1958, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock
p.m. to hear and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in
interest to the proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto. Objections to
said proposed improvements, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in
the Office of the City Clerk at any time prior to said meeting.

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said esti-
mates, plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed
improvements or work, of the location of the improvement, of the district to be assessed,
and of the time when the Board will meet and consider any suggestions and objections
that may be made by parties in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall
be given by publication once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review
Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas, by posting said notices
in at least three public places near the site of said proposed work, and by mailing said
notice, postage prepaid, as first class mail, at least fifteen days prior to such hear-
ing, to the last known address of each last known owner of land within the district
whose property will be assessed for the cost of the improvements, such addresses and
owners being those appearing on the local property assessment rolls for general (ad
valorem) taxes of the County of Clark, wherein said property is located. Whenever any
notice is mailed as herein provided, the fact that the person to whom it was addressed
does not receive it, shall not in any manner invalidate or affect the legality of the
notice thereby given.

SECTION 8. That all By-Laws, Orders, Resolutions and Ordinances, or parts of
By-Laws, Orders, Resolutions and Ordinances, in conflict with this Ordinance, are hereby
repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses, or parts of
this Ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment
shall not affect, impair, or invalidate the remaining provisions of this Ordinance, but
shall be confined in its operation to this specific section, sentences, clauses or parts
of this Ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and in-
validity of any section,sentence, clause or part of this Ordinance, in any one or more
instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of
this Ordinance in any other instance.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of
Las Vegas is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its in-
habitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer
system,

THEREFORE, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this or-
dinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and
safety.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two
successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this Ordinance shall be-
come effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 19th day of February, 1958.

ATTEST:	_________________________________

C. D. BAKER, Mayor

SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

The vote on the foregoing ordinance was as follows:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor

Baker.

Those voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None