1.	The sale shall be held at the place named in the application and by the particular licensee
for a period of not more than forty-five (U5) consecutive calendar days (Sundays and legal
holidays excluded), next following the date of the issuance of said license.

(a) Renewal Procedure.

The License Officer shall renew a license for one period of time only, such period to be
in addition to the 45 days permitted in the original license, and not to exceed 15 con-
secutive days, Sundays and holidays excluded, when he finds:

(a-1) That facts exist justifying the license renewal;

(a-2) That the licensee has filed an application for renewal;

(a-3) That the licensee has submitted with the application for renewal a revised inven-
tory showing the items listed on the original inventory remaining unsold and not
listing any goods not included in the original application and inventory.

(a-3-a) For the purpose of this subsection, any application for a license under the
provisions of this Ordinance covering any goods previously inventoried as
required hereunder, shall be deemed to be an application for renewal, whether
presented by the original applicant, or by any other person.

2.	Only the goods, wares, and merchandise described in the inventory attached to the appli-
cation shall be sold at said sale.

3.	The license shall authorize only the one type of sale described in the application at the
location named therein.

4. Upon the commencement of said sale and for its duration, the license issued hereunder
shall be prominently displayed in the place of sale by the licensee.

5.	The licensee shall keep suitable books during the sale, at the location at which said sale
is conducted, in which shall be made daily entries showing each item sold that day and the price paid
by the purchaser. Said books shall be open for inspection by the License Officer and his duly author-
ized representatives.

6.	Upon being issued a license hereunder for a distressed merchandise sale the licensee shall
surrender to the License Officer all other business licenses he may hold at that time applicable to
the location and goods covered by the application for a license under this Ordinance.

7.	Any license herein provided for shall not be assignable or transferable.

SECTION 8. DUTIES OF LICENSEE. A licensee hereunder shall:

1.	Adhere	to Inventory. Make no additions whatsoever, during the period of the licensed sale,

to the	stock of goods set forth in the inventory attached to the application for license.

2.	Advertise Properly. Refrain from employing any untrue, deceptive or misleading advertising.

3.	Adhere to Advertising. Conduct the licensed sale in strict conformity with any advertising
or holding out incident thereto.

4.  Keep Duplicate Inventory. Keep available at the place of sale a duplicate copy of the in-
ventory submitted with the application and shall present such duplicate to inspecting
officials upon request.

5.	Segregate Non-inventoried Goods. Keep any other goods separate and apart from the goods

listed	in the filed inventory as being objects of sale and shall make such distinction

clear to the public by placing tags on all inventoried goods in and about the place of sale
apprising the public of the status of all such goods.

SECTION 9. REVOCATION OF LICENSE. The License Officer shall revoke any license issued pur-
suant to the provisions of this Ordinance if he shall find that the licensee has violated any pro-
vision of this Ordinance, has made any material misstatement in his application, has failed to in-
clude in the inventory required by the provisions of this Ordinance all of the goods, wares, and
merchandise being offered for sale, has added or permitted to be added to said sale any goods, wares,
or merchandise not described in the original application and inventory, or has failed to keep suitable
records of said sale.

SECTION 10. LICENSE FEE. The fee for licenses issued pursuant to this Ordinance shall be
$150.00 or one-quarter of one per cent of the inventory value of the goods, wares, and merchandise to
be sold at said sale, whichever is the greater amount.

SECTION 11. Any person violating any provisions of this chapter shall upon conviction thereof,
be fined not less than $25.00 nor more than $500.00 or imprisoned in the City Jail for not more than
6 months, or both. Each day's violation shall constitute a separate offense.

SECTION 12. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby expressly
repealed.

SECTION 13. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect as in the next section provided,
and final passage.

SECTION l4. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week f or two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.