SECTION 21

Duties of B of EE. It shall be the duty of the B of EE to hold a meeting upon request of EI to examine
applicants for master or maintenance certificates: to issue certificates to those applicants who shall

show the proper qualifications And who have paid the prescribed fee; to revoke or suspend certificates for
good and sufficient cause, to review decisions of the EI and to take such other actions as may be
found necessary or desirable for carrying out the provisions of this ordinance.

SECTION 22.

The EI as secretary of B of EE shall keep the records of all meetings, which records shall be open for
inspection at all times. He shall also keep a record of all certificates issued.

SECTION 23.

Four members of the B of EE present at any meeting shall constitute a quorum for the granting revocation or
suspension of certificates and the transaction of other business and majority vote of such quorum shall
prevail.

SECTION 24.

All applications for ME examinations shall be made in writing to the Building Inspector and must contain
the address of the applicant's place of business or residence and shall be referred to the B of EE for
investigation and recommendation. The applicant for ME Certificate shall pay to the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas the sum of Five ($5.00) dollars per annum. All certificates to expire on the31st day
of December following the date of issue, and shall be renewed on payment of the required fee within thirty
(30) days of such expiration date, plus penalty.

There shall be issued by the B of EE a ME Certificate to a person who has shown proper qualifications and
paid the proper fee. Said ME Certificate shall be issued to the person taking the examination and is
non-transferable.

Any applicant dissatisfied with the findings of the B of EE may within ten (10) days after said findings
are rendered, appeal in writing to the Board of Appeals of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada.

SECTION 25.

Upon presentation to the B of EE charges in writing that the holder of any certificate has violated
any provisions of the Codes or this Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark State of Nevada,
regulating electrical installation and permits for the use of electricity or is incompetent or unfit
to comply with such provisions, the B of EE shall after a hearing make a decision. If after such hearing it 
is voted to revoke a certificate the holder shall be notified in writing by the B of EE that such
recommendation has been made and that unless he can show good and sufficient cause to the B of CC why the
certificate should not be revoked, the the B of CC shall revoke the same. This notification shall be
delivered to the holder of the certificate at least five (5) days in advance of the action taken by the
B of CC of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada. When the certificate has been
revoked, a new one shall not be granted to the same person until the B of EE determines that the applicant
is qualified as provided in this ordinance.

The Board of CC may at any time on its own motion and after notice and hearings and for good and proper
cause revoke any certificate.

SECTION 26.

Any person desiring a ME Certificate shall pass an examination and pay the required fee of $50.00.

Saif fee shall accompany the application. Any person failing to pass the examination shall allow a period
of six (6) months to elapse before again asking application.

SECTION 27.

There shall be issued by the B of EE an Electrical Maintenance Certificate for persons engaged in the
business of winding motors, repairing and maintaining of electrical appliances, and electrical
equipment who leave their shop only for the purpose of repairing and maintaining said motors, appliances
and electrical equipment. The Certificate permits the changing of equipment or replacing of parts such
as lamps, motors, switches, cords, fixtures and heating elements, but does not permit any work or changes
which involve the extension of, or addition to, any wiring or the installation of any new equipment
except when changing equipment for maintenance reasons. The applicant for a maintenance certificate shall
pay to the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, the sum of ten ($10.00)
dollars per annum. All certificates to expire on the 31st day of December following the date of issue,
and shall be renewed on payment of the required fee within thirty days of such expiration date, plus
penalty.

SECTION 28.

Refrigeration maintenance repairman shall not, in the execution of their maintenance work, do any electrical
work beyond the first opening point in the line and installers shall do no electrical work without first
having an EC license and an ME certificate.

SECTION 29.

There shall be issued by the B of EE a limited Electrical Maintenance Certificate for persons employed in
clubs, hotels, manufacturing plants, or concerns who wish permanently to employ a person for general
maintenance. The person so authorized shall not be permitted to do any electrical work of any kind
outside of the premises to which the certificate is issued. The certificate permits the changing of
equipment or replacing of parts such as lamps, motors, switches, cords or fixtures, but does not permit
any work or changes which involves the extension of, or addition to, any wiring or the installation of any
new equipment except when changing equipment for maintenance reasons. The applicant for a limited
maintenance certificate shall pay to the City Clerk the sum of ten ($10.00) dollars per annum. All
certificates to expire on the 31st day of December following the date of issue, and shall be renewed
on payment of the required fee within thirty (30) days of such expiration date, plus penalty.

SECTION 30.

Any person who shall fail to comply with any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall upon conviction thereof
be punished by a fine of not less than $25.00 nor more than $500.00 for each offence and/or imprisonment in
the City Jail for not more than six (6) months, and by any combination of such fine and imprisonment.