Section 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in conflict with the provisions
of this ordinance, and particularly Ordinance No. 615 are hereby repealed. This repealer shall not be
construed to revive any ordinance, nor resolution, or part thereof, heretofore, repealed.

Section 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate
the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific
sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the
inapplicability and invalidity of, any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one
or more instances shall not effect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ord-
inance in any other instances.

Section 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and
that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this
ordinance shall became effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of April, 1955.

/s/ C.D. BAKER
Mayor

(SEAL)

Attest:

City Clerk

Commissioner Whipple then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The question being
upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following adoption of said ordinance,
the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Wendell Bunker, Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett, Commissioner Harris P.

Sharp, Commissioner Reed Whipple, and Mayor C.D. Baker.

Those voting "Nay": None Absent:	None.

Thereupon, the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Sharp, and seconded by Commissioner Whipple, that all rules of
this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage and adoption of this ordinance at
t, is meeting be, and the same are hereby, suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and
adoption of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules, the roll was
called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Wendell Bunker, Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett, Commissioner Harris P.

Sharp, Commissioner Reed Whipple, and Mayor C.D. Baker.

Those voting "Nay":	None. Absent" None.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read in full at this
meeting be now placed upon its passage. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, and the question be-
ing upon the placing of said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:
Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Wendell Bunker, Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett, Commissioner Harris P.

Sharp, Commissioner Reed Whipple, and Mayor C.D. Baker.

Those voting "Nay":	None. Absent:	None

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon its final passage.
Commissioner Sharp then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and as an emer-
gency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion. The question being upon the passage and
adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the following result:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioner Wendell Blanker, Commissioner Rex A. Jarrett, Commissioner Harris P.

Sharp, Commissioner Reed Whipple, and Mayor C.D. Baker.

Those voting "Nay":	None Absent:	None.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all commissioner having voted in favor thereof, said
motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted as an emergency ordinance.

On motion duly adopted, it was ordered that said emergency ordinance be numbered 641, and after ap-
proval by the Mayor shall be published as in said ordinance designated, and shall be recorded according
to law.

There being no further business to come before the Board of Commissioners, the meeting was, on motion
duly made, seconded and carried, adjourned.

/s/ ______________

Mayor

(SEAL)

Attest:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Emergency Ordinance No. 641 copies into City of Las Vegas Commissioners' Minute Book No. 9.

STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS )

I, Shirley Ballinger, the duly appointed, qualified and acting City Clerk in and for the City of
Vegas, County of Clark add State of Nevada, do hereby certify t&at the foregoing pages numbered 1 to 13,
both inclusive, are a true, perfect and correct copy of the record of the proceedings taken by the Board
of Commissioners of said City, insofar as they relate to Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-
25, at a regular meeting held on Wednesday, the 6th day of April, 1955, and now on file and of record
in my office; that the proceedings therein set forth were duly had and taken by the Board of Commissioners
at said meeting, were approved by the Mayor of said City and attested by me as City Clerk; that the per-
sons therein named as present at said meeting were present as shown by said minutes; and that all members
of the Board of Commissioners were duly notified of said meeting.

WITNESS my hand and the seal of said City this 6th day of April, 1955.

/s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

(SEAL)