lowing dates, to-wit:	September 25; October 2, 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated

on each of the dates above named.

/s/ A.F. SCHELLACK

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of October, 1955.

/s/ NEOLA GIERHART

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires April 14, 1958

ORDINANCE NO. 667

AN ORDINANCE REQUIRING THE LICENSING OF PRIVATE DETECTIVES; DEFINING PRIVATE DETECTIVES; REQUIRING PAYMENT
OF A LICENSE FEE; PROVIDING FOR APPLICATIONS FOR PRIVATE DETECTIVE LICENSES; PROVIDING REASONABLE LIMITATION
OF THE NUMBER OF LICENSES TO BE ISSUED OR IN EFFECT AT ANY ONE TIME; REQUIRING A BOND; PROVIDING FOR INVEST-
IGATION OF APPLICANTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR VIOLATION OF THIS ORDINANCE; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RE-
LATED THERETO.

THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. "Private detective" for purposes of this ordinance shall mean and include any person who engages
in business or who accepts employment for hire, fee, or reward to furnish or supply information as to the
personal character or actions or identity of any person or as to the character or kind of business or occupa-
tion of any person, provided, however, "private detective" shall not include within its meaning a private in-
vestigator employed exclusively for one employer in connection with a business of a collection agency, a
detective or officer belonging to the law enforcement agencies of the United States or of any state, county,
or city.

SECTION 2. It shall be unlawful after the effective date of this ordinance for any person, natural or other-
wise, to operate or continue to operate any business as a private detective or as a private detective agency
without first complying with the requirements of this ordinance.

SECTION 3. Every person, natural or otherwise, shall be and is required by this ordinance to have a valid
detective's license as a condition precedent to the operation as a private detective or private detective ag-
ency, provided, licenses heretofore issued and in effect shall continue in effect until the expiration of the
period for which such license was granted. Upon expiration of any such presently existent valid detective
licenses, application for renewal shall be made in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance.

SECTION 4. APPLICATION FOR LICENSE

(a)	All applications for license under the provisions of this ordinance shall be made in writ-
ing to the Board of City Commissioners upon forms provided by the Supervisor of Licensing and Revenue and
filed in his office.

(b)	Every application for a license shall state the following:

1.	The full name, age, residence, present and previous occupations.

2.	That each person signing the application as hereinafter required is a citizen of the U-

nited States.

3.	A specific description of the location of the principal place of business of the applicant.
b. A full set of fingerprints and a recent photograph.

5.	That the applicant has had two years of experience prior to an application for a license
under this ordinance.

6.	That the applicant has been a bona fide resident of the State of Nevada for a period of
six months immediately preceding the filing of the application.

7.	Such other information as to the identity of the applicant as to facilitate a proper in-
vestigation of the applicant's character and reputation.

(c) If the applicant is an individual the application shall be signed by that individual.

(d) If the applicant is a firm or partnership the application shall be signed by each individual
composing or intending to compose such firm or partnership.

(e)	If the applicant is a corporation the applications shall be signed by the officers thereof
and shall specify the name of the corporation, the amount of the corporation's outstanding paid-up capital
stock. The application shall also be accompanied by a duly certified copy of its certificate of incorporation. 

(f) All of the requirements of subsection (b) of this section shall apply to and be required of
each person required by this Section 4. to be a signatory to an application.

SECTION 5. COST OF INVESTIGATION

Every applicant for a license under this ordinance shall upon properly executing the application
in conformity with Section b. of this ordinance, submit to the Supervisor of Licenses and Revenue a fee of
twenty-five ($25.00) dollars to cover costs of investigation of the applicant.

SECTION 6. INVESTIGATION

After the applicant has properly executed the form provided in Section 4. of this ordinance and
paid the cost of investigation, the Supervisor of Licenses and Revenue shall forthwith submit the application
together with all other information related thereto the Chief of Police who shall conduct an investigation
of the character, reputation and integrity of the applicant, and upon completion of his investigation shall en-
dorse upon the application his recommendation of approval or disapproval thereof.

SECTION 7. LICENSE ISSUED, WHEN

If the application is approved by the Chief of Police, the Board of Commissioners upon being sat-
isfied that the applicant is of such character and reputation that his exercise of the privileges of the li-
cense will not prejudice or be detrimental to the public safety or welfare, may grant the application, and
the Supervisor of Licenses and Revenue shall thereupon issue the license upon payment of fees required by this
ordinance and filing a bond as hereinafter required, provided no license Shall be issued to any person con-
victed of a felony or two or more misdemeanors involving moral turpitude.

SECTION 8. Notwithstanding the qualifications of any applicant, no license shall issue under this ordinance
when the ratio of private detectives to the total population of the City of Las Vegas shall exceed one de-
fective to every 5,000 residents of the City of when the Board of City Commissioners shall reasonably deter-
mine that an adequate number of duly licensed private detectives are operating within the city and the licens-
ing of more would in no way benefit the public safety or welfare.