WHEREAS, the construction, installation, maintenance, alteration or repairing of neon and/or
electric signs is a specialty craft and one which differs from general electrical work which requires
anyone doing such work to hold an electrical contractor's license; and

WHEREAS, it is recognized that the qualifications of an electrician in the construction,
installation, maintenance, alteration and repairing of neon and/or electrical signs are not as com-
prehensive as those of a master electrician in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, there are presently several applications for licenses before the City of Las Vegas
for the construction, installation, maintenance, alteration or repair of neon and electric signs, which
applications should be acted upon, and wherein the applicants do not have a master electrician as now
required by Ordinance No. 610, and it is in the public interest that they be permitted to receive a
license upon proper qualification.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. Notwithstanding the provisions of Ordinance No. 610, any person, firm, or
corporation engaged in or desiring to engage in the business of constructing, installing, maintaining,
altering and/or repairing neon and/or electric signs within the City Of Las Vegas shall first secure
a master neon and/or electric sign license from the City of Las Vegas and an electric sign contractor's
license in accordance with the following conditions:

a)	The applicant shall be in possession of a valid, electric sign contractor's license issued
by the State of Nevada Contractors' Board.

b)	The fees, examination procedure and licensing procedure for master neon and/or electric
sign licenses shall be the same as those established for master electrician licenses.

c)	Any person, firm or corporation, who, at the time of the effective date of this ordinance,
is in possession of a valid electric sign contractor's license issued by the State of
Nevada, and who is engaged in, or has made application for a license to engage in the
business covered by this ordinance, shall be issued a master neon and/or electric sign
license by the Board of Electrical Examiners upon payment of the required fee and with-
out the requirement of taking an examination; provided, however, application for such
license under this clause must be made within ninety (90) days from the effective date

of this ordinance, and if not so made, any person, firm or corporation, whether in ex-
isting now, or in the future, shall apply for a master neon and/or electric sign license
and shall take an examination conducted by the Board of Electrical Examiners of the City
of Las Vegas.

d)	When applying for an Electric Sign Contractor's license from the City of Las Vegas,
the applicant shall have in his possession a valid Electric Sign Contractor's License
issued by the State of Nevada Contractor's Board, and either possess himself or have
someone in his employ who possesses a valid Master Neon and/or Electric Sign License
issued by the Electrical Examining Board of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 2. Nothin in this ordinance shall be construed to mean that the holder of an Electric
Sign Contractor's License shall be permitted to do any work connected with the electric service to
any sign other than to connect the sign to an existing service which is within ten (10) feet of the
sign, which service shall have been approved by the Department of Building and Safety prior to connect-
ing said sign.

SECTION 3. This ordinance shall not be construed to prohibit those persons, firms or
corporations authorized by Ordinance No. 610 to engage in the Electrical Contracting business, from
carrying on the business covered by this ordinance.

SECTION 4. Nothin in this ordinance shall be construed to allow any persons, firms or
corporations licensed by the terms of this ordinance to engage in any business other than expressly
provided herein.

SECTION 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners is hereby directed to
have this ordinance published once a week for two successive weeks in a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 3rd day of October, 1956 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter said committee reported favorably on said ordinance
on the 17th day of October, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on said day, that at said regular
meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of Commissioners as
first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA )

) SS.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

RICHARD LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING

SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two
weeks from October 21, 1956 to October 28, 1956 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates,to-wit:	October 21, 28, 1956. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated

on each of the dates above named.

/s/ RICHARD LOCHRIE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th day of
November, 1956