by, and shall decide the same and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or description of the
premises as appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may
correct the same as to any assessment or description of the premises as appearing therein, and may confirm and
approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-officio City
Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew,

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an in-
dorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter 
of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall
be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-officio
City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such
confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon,
without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of
the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents
of such Assessment Roll, and it shall prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of all
proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.

SECTION 14. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirmation
and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special
assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until paid.

SECTION 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer of
Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, within ten days after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and
without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the owner,
be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any
part thereof, within said period of ten days shall be conclusively considered and held an election on the part
of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of
such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of the said Ex-
officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which install-
ments of principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st day of December, 1953 and the remainder of
said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until,
paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments or principal from the 1st day
of January, 1953 at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment bond to be here-
after authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable
annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest being due and
payable on the said 1st day of December, 1953, and the remainder of said annual installments of interest being
due and payable on the 1st day of December in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether
of principal or interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable
immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty
at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale,
the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum,
and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in
the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any in-
stallment or payment, may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon
to the next interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on
and against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio
City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to
collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be
placed in a special fund to be known as "Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-12" and as
such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of the
special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and de-
livered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be
applied to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any
other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-officio City
Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City Assessor, whose name appears
on said assessment roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied against said
person and the designated property in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-12, and
shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (Not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore
taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the making of said improvements
by installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets and portions of streets and easements therein in said
Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-12, toward the creation of said District, and toward
levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby
ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts of by-laws, orders, reso-
lutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances
shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other
instances.

SECTION 21. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas is inadequate 
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to extend said sewer systems, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and
that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.