grading and constructing thereon an oil bound gravel pavement and shall be curbed and guttered by construc-
ting on both sides of said street and parts of streets, wherever said improvements are missing, including
alley approaches, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as more particularly shown by the
plats, diagrams and plans, of the work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets which are to be so improved, wherever said im-
provements are missing, are the following:

All of Stewart Avenue from the center line of the alley between
9th and 10th Streets to the west curb line of 25th Street; all
of Ogden Avenue from the center line of the alley between 9th
and 10th Streets to the east property line of 14th Street; all
of Carson Avenue from the center line of the alley between 9th
and 10th Streets to the east property line of 14th Street;
excepting the south half of Carson Avenue from the center line
of 12th Street to a point 190 feet east; all of Bridger Avenue
from the center line of the alley between 9th and 10th Streets
to the east property line of 14th Street, excepting the north
half of Bridger Avenue from the east gutter line of 12th Street
to a point 20 feet west of the center line of the alley between
13th and 14th Streets; all of Lewis Avenue from the center line
of the alley between 9th and 10th Streets to the east property
line of 14th Street; all of Clark Avenue from the center line
of the alley between 9th and 10th Streets to the east property
line of 14th Street; excepting the south half of Clark Avenue
from the center line of 11th Street to the west property line of
12th Street; all of Bonneville Avenue from the center line of
the alley between 9th and 10th Streets to the east property line
of 13th Street, excepting all of Bonneville Avenue from the east
property line of 10th Street to the west property line of 12th
Street; all of Garces Avenue from the center line of the alley
between 9th and 10th Streets to the west property line of 11th
Street; all of 10th Street from the north property line of
Charleston Blvd to the south property line of Stewart Avenue;
all of 11th Street from the north property line of Charleston
Blvd to the south property line of Stewart Avenue, excepting all
of 11th Street from the north property line of Bonneville Avenue
to the center line of Clark Avenue and from the south property
line of Fremont Avenue to the south property line of Ogden Avenue;
all of 12th Street from the north property line of Charleston
Blvd to the south property line of Stewart Avenue, excepting the
east half of 12th Street from the center line of Bridger Avenue
to the center line of Clark Avenue; all of 13th Street from the
north property line of Charleston Blvd to the south property line
of Stewart Avenue, excepting the east half of 13th Street from the
center line of Bridger to a point 100 feet north of the north
property line of Bridger and the west half of 13th Street from
the center line of Bridger to a point 200 feet north of the north
property line of Bridger; all of 14th Street from the south
property line of Clark Avenue to the South property line of Stewart
Avenue.

Section 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements including all incidental
expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of
the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensa-
tion properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments
made according to the benefits against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially
benefited by such improvements and included within said District. The entire cost and expense of making said
improvements are deemed to be $249.015.00 and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in
that amount.

Section 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or pre-
mises exceed 50% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll
for State and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and
paid out of the General Fund.

Section 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-
Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized
and directed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced within the afore-mentioned special
assessment districts, such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied in said district, as shall be
proportionate to the estimated benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

Section 7. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall
report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him
and made in the form of a certificate endorse on the assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the
form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section	8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said

Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

Section	9. That	before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any

person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Wed-
nesday. the 20th day of December 1950 at 3:30 o'clock, P.M. at the City Hall in said City, and said time
and place are hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and ex-
officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to re-
view said assessment.

Section 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish
notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments for at
least two weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las
Vegas every day each week except Saturday, by fourteen insertions therein. Said notice shall be in the form
prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board