additional three thousand (3,000) square feet of area, one (1) additional
single family dwelling may be erected, but in no case shall a lot having
an area of less than three thousand five hundred (3,500) square feet be
used as a building site for more than one (1) single family dwelling.

D.	FRONT YARD REQUIRED:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty-five (25) feet to either
the front property line of the building site or the line of any future
street as provided in Section 26 of the Zoning Ordinance or as shown upon
any official street plan, or master plan of the City.

E.	SIDE YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten
(10) percent of the width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed
twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five (5) feet in width.

In case the dwelling or dwelling units are so located on the lot that the
rears thereof abut upon one side yard and the fronts thereof abut upon the
other side yard (i.e., in a single row, "side to side" arrangement), the
side yard to the rear thereof shall have a width of not less than eight
(8) feet and the side yard to the fronts thereof shall have a width of
not less than twelve (12) feet.

F.	REAR YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the
average depth of the lot, but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five
(25) feet.

G.	DISTANCE BETWEEN BUILDINGS:

No detached dwelling, or other main building, shall be less than twenty (20)
feet from any other detached dwelling or main building on the same building
site.

Section 6. Section 19, Chapter 24, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by
Section 1, Ordinance No. 570, is further amended to read as follows:

Section 19.	R-4 (Apartment Residence) district regulations.

A.	USES PERMITTED:

1.	All uses permitted in R-1, R-2 and R-3 districts.

2.	Apartment houses.

3.	Apartment hotels.

4.	Lodging houses, boarding houses, but not dormitories.

5.	The foilwing uses, subject to the securing of a use permit in each case
as provided in Section 28 of the Zoning Ordinance.

(a)	Private schools.

(b)	Commercial nurseries, as defined in the Child Welfare Ordinance,
provided such facility is approved by the Child Welfare Board
and meets all duly adopted standards for such facility.

(c)	Auto courts or motels when located on land abutting a major street
or highway as designated in the Master Plan of Streets and Highways.

(d)	Hospitals, rest homes, sanitariums, clinics and other buildings
for the treatment of human ailments.

(e)	Professional offices and professional office buildings.

(f)	Public or semi-public parking area for the use of patrons or resi-
dents in the immediate vicinity thereof when located and developed
as required in Section 12 of the Zoning Ordinance, provided that
no buildings for such purpose shall be permitted for more than one
story in height.

(g)	Public and quasi-public uses, churches.

(h)	Home occupation as defined by Section 1 of this ordinance.

B.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.