county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas,
it is fair and equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City
from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, said Board considered it necessary, desirable, and for the best interests
of the City, to take the steps provided by law for the organization of an assessment dis-
trict and the construction therein of said improvements; and

WHEREAS, said Board by Ordinance No. 752, passed, adopted and approved the 18th
day of December, 1957, declared its determination to make certain public improvements
as herein provided, to create Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-35 for the
purpose of making said improvements, to defray the entire cost and expense thereof by
special assessments made according to frontage, and fixed a time in which protests
against the proposed improvements or the creation of such District might be heard and
considered by said Board, and directed notice thereof to be given; and

WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the manner pres-
cribed by Section 7 of said Ordinance No. 752 and by Section 57, Chapter II, Charter of
the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the frontage to be assessed have not
filed written objections concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of
said District, or the defraying of the entire cost and expense by special assessments; and

WHEREAS, objections, suggestions, comments and questions were made or raised at
said protest hearing as follows:

Attorney William Singleton, representing the owners of Lots 11 through
17 inclusive, Block 8, Crestwood Tract No. 5 protested on the basis
that all proposed improvements have already been constructed by the
owners of said Lots 11 through 17.

Attorney John McNamee representing Leopold Pahor, Gabriel Pahor,

Gabryella Hrast, and Dr. C. W. Woodbury protested the creation of
the district.

WHEREAS, at the conclusion of said protest hearing, the Board determined that the
following described property should be removed from the district, to-wit: The frontage

of Lots 11 through 17 inclusive of Block 8, Crestwood Tract No. 5.

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the creation
of said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-35, and now desires to create said
district;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN
 AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. There shall be and hereby is created a special Assessment District in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to be called and designated Street Improvement Assessment
 District No. 100-35, which shall include all the lots, premises and property within said
improvement district to their full depth; and the boundaries of said district, all within
the City of Las Vegas, are described as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the northwest corner of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of the Northwest
One-Quarter (NW¼) of Section 2, Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.& M., said point
also being the intersection of the centerlines of 15th Street and East Charleston Boule-
vard; thence South 0°16,52" East along the center line of 15th Street South a distance of
147.71 feet; thence East a distance of 30 feet to the southwest corner of Lot 1, Block 4,
Amendment to Plats of Huntridge Subdivision Tracts 1, 2, and 3, as shown by map thereof
 on file in Book 2 of Plats, Page 63, as recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of
 Clark County, Nevada;thence continuing East along the South line of Lot 1 aforementioned
a distance of 100 feet to a point on the West line of Lot 1, Block 2, Charleston Square
 Tract No. 1 as shown by map thereof in Book2 of Plats, Page 66, as recorded in the Office
 of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada; thence South 0°16'52" East along Lot 1,
Block 2 of Charleston Square Tract No. 1 aforementioned a distance of 12.29 feet more or
less to the Southwest corner of said Lot 1; thence East along the South line of said Lot 1
 and its easterly prolongation thereof a distance of 135.98 feet to a point on the center-

 line of Chapman Drive; thence South 0°01'38" West along the centerline of Chapman Drive a

 distance of 57.26 feet more or less to a point thence South 29°58'22" East a distance of
 60 feet more or less to a point of intersection with the southwesterly prolongation of
 the southeast line of irregular shaped Lot 5, Block 1 of Charleston Square Tract No. 1
 aforementioned; thence North 39°44'40" East along the said southeasterly line of Lot 5
 and its prolongation a distance of 136.72 feet more or less to the Southwest corner of
 Lot 4, Block 1 of Charleston Square Tract 1; thence South 72°37'07" East along the south-
erly line of said Lot 4 a distance of 83.82 feet to the Southeast corner thereof; thence
 South 89°58'22" East along the South line of Lot 3, Block 1 of Charleston Square Tract 1
and its easterly prolongation a distance of 250 feet to a point on the centerline of

Hillside Place; thence North 0°01'38" East along the centerline of Hillside Place a dis-

tance of 36 feet more or less to a point of intersection with the westerly prolongation