SECTION 2. The applicant for a permit under Section 1 of this Ordinance shall deposit with and de-
liver to the Building Inspector, the sum of TWENTY DOLLARS ($20.00), lawful money of the United States of
America; provided, however, if the building, house or structure is located outside the City of Las Vegas and
is to be moved into the said City, the sum so deposited and paid to the Building Inspector shall be ten cents j
(100) for each mile the Building Inspector must travel to inspect the said building, house or structure.

SECTION 3. The Building Inspector shall promptly deliver to the City Treasurer the sums of money
provided for in Section 2 of this Ordinance. The City Treasurer shall dispose of such suras of money in the
same manner as she disposes of money derived from building permits issued by the Building Inspector.



SECTION 4. Application for a permit to move any building, house or structure from one location to
another location within the City Limits when of a permanent nature, shall be accompanied with the following
information:	Legal description of property giving lot number, block number, tract and street number of

building, house or structure as it exists, outside dimensions and number of rooms to be specified; there shall
be attached to the application not less than four (4) photographs, not less than one photograph taken of each
elevation, photographs to be taken of the building, house or structure, before any work is done preparatory
to moving the structure. No preliminary work shall be done until after permission has been given by the Board
of Commissioners to the Building Department and the permit has been issued by the Building Department.

The building, house or structure shall be inspected by the Inspection Department and a
detailed report made of the findings and a copy of the report shall be submitted to the Board of City Commis-
sioners.

SECTION 5. Permit fees for moving of any building, house or structure that is more than eight (8)
feet wide that is to be placed on a permanent foundation and used as a permanent structure shall be TWENTY
DOLLARS ($20.00). The permit fee for moving of buildings classed as contractor's tool rooms or job offices
that are to be used as temporary offices or tool rooms for the duration of the job only shall be FIVE DOLLARS
($5.00).

SECTION 6. No building moved pursuant to the provisions of this Ordinance shall be occupied until
such time as a Certificate of Occupancy shall have been received by the Building Department. Such certificate
of Occupancy shall not be issued until such time as the Building Official shall find that the building fully
complies with all the Code and Ordinances of the City pertaining to such structures.

SECTION 7. Any person who violates any of the provisions of this Ordinance shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor.

SECTION 8. The provisions of this ordinance shall be severable, and if any of the provisions there-
of shall be held to be invalid or unconstitutional, such decision shall not affect the validity or constitu-
tionality of any of the remaining provisions of this ordinance. It is hereby declared as the intent of the
Board of Commissioners that this ordinance would have been adopted had such invalid or unconstitutional pro-
vision not been included therein.

SECTION 9. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption,
and final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTI0N 10. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

s/______C. D. Baker_____________

Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger__________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 5th day of August, 1953 and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Sharp and
Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the 16th
day of September, 1953, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 16th day of September, 1953, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Jarrett

Commissioner	Whipple

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	Commissioner Sharp

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss*

A. F. Schellack, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the Las Vegas

Review-Journal, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of
two insertions from Sept. 25, 1953 to Oct 2, 1953 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the follow-
ing dates, to-wit: Sept. 25; Oct. 2, 1953. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each
of the dates above named.

s/ A. F. Schellack____________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2nd day of Oct., 1953.

s/ Neola Gierhart



Notary Public in and for Clark

My Commission Expires April 14, 1954.	County, Nevada