Such applicant shall pay for each Permit issued, at the time of issuance, a fee in accordance with
the following schedule, and at the rate provided for each classification shown therein.

Any person who shall commence any plumbing work for which a permit is required by this Code
without first having obtained a permit therefor shall, if subsequently permitted to obtain
a permit, pay double the permit fee fixed by this section for such work, provided, however, that
this provision shall not apply to emergency work when it shall be proved to the satisfac-
tion of the Administrative Authority, that such work was urgently necessary and that it was
not practical to obtain a permit therefor before the commencement of the work. In all such
      cases a permit must be obtained as soon as it is practical to do so, and if there be an un-
reasonable delay in obtaining such permit, a double fee as herein provided shall be charged.
In the event the work is stopped in accordance with Section 1.7, the fees shall be double
the normal charge if the person was at fault on such installation.

SCHEDULE OF FEES

For each	Permit (Minimum	2.50

For each	Plumbing Fixture of Trap- -------------	.50

For each	House Sewer --------------------	15.00

For each	House Sewer Replacement --------------	2.50

For each	Septic Tank --------------------	3.00

For each	Water Heater- -------------------	.50

For each	Gas Piping 1 to 5 outlets -------------	1.00

For each	Gas Piping System of 6 or more, per outlet - - - -	.20

For installation, alteration or repair of water piping

and/or watertreating ------------------	2.50

Plus ½¢ per foot of piping

For repair or alteration of drainage or vent piping - - - -	2.50

For vacuum breakers or backflow protection devices
installed subsequent to the installation of the
piping or equipment-served:

One to five -------------	---------	1.00

Over five, each ---------------------	.20

For each gas appliance -------------------	.50

For each swimming pool: - - - -

Public ------------------	20.00

Private - — — - -- -- -- -- -- — — - — -                            10.00
For lawn sprinkler heads

One to ten -----------------------	1.00

Over ten, each ---------------------	.10

Section 2.3 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.3 - General Provisions

(a)	It shall be unlawful for any person to conduct, carry on or engage in the business of
of plumbing or act in the capacity of a Master Plumber, without first having had issued to
him a valid Master Plumber's Certificate of Qualification by the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

(b)	It shall be unlawful for any person to work or labor at the trade of plumbing in the
capacity of a Journeyman Plumber without first having a Master Plumber's or Journeyman's
Plumber's Certificate of Qualification issued by the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

(c)	It shall be unlawful for any person to work or labor at the trade of plumbing in the
capacity of an Apprentice Plumber without first having had issued to him a valid Appren-
tice Plumber's Certificate of Qualification by the Board of Plumber Examiners.

Section 2.5 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.5 - Appointment of Board of Examiners

The Board of Plumber Examiners shall consist of seven (7) members having thereon three (3)
licensed Master Plumbers, three (3) licensed Journeyman Plumbers and one (l) resident tax-
payer of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, who shall be appointed by the Board of Commissioners.
The members of said board shall be appointed for, and serve for one (l) year unless sooner
removed for malfeasance in office, neglect of duty, or incapacity. The Chief Plumbing In-
spector of the City of Las Vegas shall be designated as the secretary of the Board of Plumber
Examiners, however the secretary shall have no vote.

The Board of Examiners shall furnish the Personnel Department of the City of Las Vegas with
all questions and plans for the Master Plumber's Examination, through the secretary of the
Board and said examination shall be given by the Personnel Department at least four (4)
times a year. Said examination shall be any type or types, as the Board of Examiners shall
specify. Applications for examination shall close thirty (30) days before the date schedule!,
for such examination.

The Board of Examiners shall appoint an Oral Board to examine the applicant after he has
passed the examination given by the Personnel Department. Said Oral Board to be composed of
at least three (3) members of the Board of Plumber Examiners.

The Board of Examiners shall furnish the Chief Plumbing Inspector with all questions and plans
for the Journeyman Plumber's Examination and said examination shall be given during the office
hours of his office.

All examination papers will be submitted to the examining board for their review after each
examination.

Section 2.7 is hereby amended to read as follows: