Deputies and Assistants — Animal Shelter Officers

The City Manager in accordance with the Civil Service Rules and Regulations shall appoint such
deputies and assistants as may be necessary for the Poundmaster to enforce the provisions of this ordinance.
Such deputies and assistants who may be appointed shall be called "animal shelter officers" and shall have
the same power as the Poundmaster.

SECTION 6. Section 10 of Ordinance No. 521 is hereby repealed.

SECTION 7. Section 18 of Ordinance No. 521 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 18. BITING DOG TO BE IMPOUNDED. Any dog biting any person in the City of Las Vegas shall
be seized, on or off the premises of the person owning, keeping or harboring such dog by the Poundkeeper
and impounded in the public pound, or the owner may at his option and expense have such animal quarantined
at the hospital of a licensed veterinarian in the City, or at the option of the Poundmaster, the dog may
be quarantined upon the premises of the owner, for a period of not to exceed fourteen (l4) days during
which times such dog shall be kept under observation to determine if said dog is rabid or otherwise diseased.
If the Health Officer of the City of Las Vegas or a licensed Veterinarian shall determine that such dog
is diseased, and, by reason of such disease is dangerous to humans or to other animals, he shall notify
the Poundkeeper in writing, to destroy such dog and a copy of such notice shall be served on the registered
owner of the dog as the same appears in the records of the Poundkeeper. If it shall be determined that
such dog is not diseased, and if the dog shall have been duly licensed for the current calendar year,
the Poundmaster, if the dog is impounded at the animal shelter, shall notify by registered or certified
mail the person to whom the license for such dog was issued, and at the address from which the dog was
surrendered to the Poundmaster and shall, upon demand release such dog to the owner or person lawfully en-
titled thereto upon payment of the sum of $1.00 per day for keep of such dog, a transportation fee of $1.00
if said dog was impounded at the animal, shelter, and the sum of $5.00 impounding fee. If no person law-
fully entitled to such dog, shall within seventy-two (72) hours after the date of mailing of said notice,
appear at the pound and require the release of such dog, and pay said charges, such dog shall be sold or
destroyed by the Poundmaster in the manner provided in this Ordinance.

SECTION 8. Section 21 of Ordinance No. 521 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 21. RECLAIMING OR REDEEMING IMPOUNDED ANIMALS AND FOWL. The owner or person entitled
to the custody or possession of any dog, animal or fowl impounded by the Poundkeeper, may at any time
before the sale or other disposition thereof reclaim or redeem the same by paying to the Poundkeeper all
charges imposed thereon, as provided for herein, and in the case of dogs, by exhibiting to the Pound-
keeper the license certificate for the then current calendar year. If the Poundkeeper has reasonable
grounds to believe that an impounded dog, animal or fowl is in need of medical care, the fees charged by
a licensed veterinarian for such medical service shall be added to any other charges imposed by this Ordi-
nance and shall be paid before the dog, animal or fowl is released bo the owner, or person entitled to
its custody or possession.

SECTION 9. Section 24 of Ordinance No. 521 is hereby amended to read as follows:

All moneys received by the Poundmaster shall be deposited with the Director of Finance of the City,
at such times and places as he may designate. All financial records and reports shall be made on forms
prescribed by the Director of Finance.

SECTION 10. Section 43 of Ordinance No. 521 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 43. DOG KENNEL LICENSE. Every person, firm or corporation owning, operating or main-
taining a Dog Kennel within the City of Las Vegas, must first apply for and obtain a permit from the
City of Las Vegas to so keep and maintain said dog kennel. A "Dog Kennel" within the meaning of this
Ordinance shall be a pack or collection of dogs, exceeding three in number, kept and bred for hunting or
sale, and does not mean merely the house or place where same are kept. The license fee for a Dog Kennel
shall be TWENTY DOLLARS ($20.00) semi-annually, and the issuance thereof shall at all times be subject
to the Planning and Zoning ordinances of the City.

SECTION 11. The Board of Commissioners are hereby authorized to enter into contracts with the
County of Clark, and other incorporated cities of Clark County for the joint operation and enforcement
of any of the provisions of this ordinance or ordinances of the County or incorporated cities, and may
contain such other provisions which in the opinion of the City Commission will be of mutual benefit to
the City of Las Vegas and other municipalities.

SECTION 12. The Board of Commissioners may from time to time, establish by resolution necessary
rules and regulations to govern the operation of the animal shelter, and shall establish fees and charges
for services and facilities furnished by the Animal Shelter not covered in this Ordinance, Such Resolu-
tion shall contain rules and regulations to be followed in adopting dogs and cats.

SECTION 13. Any person adopting a dog or cat from the Animal. Shelter shall sign an agreement
with the City promising that he will return such dog or cat at any time within thirty (30) days from
such adoption upon request of the Poundmaster.

SECTION 14. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith axe hereby repealed.

SECTION 15. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

SECTION 16. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas.

s/ C.D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk