(4) In driving upon a one-way street or alley the driver shall drive as closely as practicable to
the right-hand edge or curb of the street or alley except when overtaking or passing or traveling parallel
with another vehicle or when placing a vehicle or when placing a vehicle in a position to make a left turn.

SECTION 2. SPECIAL REGULATIONS APPLICABLE ON STREETS AND HIGHWAYS LANED FOR TRAFFIC. Whenever any
street or highway has been divided into clearly marked lanes for traffic, drivers of vehicles shall obey
the following regulations:

(1)	A vehicle shall normally be driven in the lane nearest the right hand edge or curb of the
highway when said lane is available for travel except when overtaking another vehicle or in preparation
for a left turn as permitted in subdivision (4) of this section;

(2)	A vehicle shall be driven as nearly as is practicable entirely within a single lane and shall
not be moved from such lane unto the driver has first ascertained that such movement can be made with safety;

(3)	Upon a highway which is divided into three lanes a vehicle shall not be driven in the center
lane except when overtaking and passing another vehicle or in preparation for a left turn or unless such
center lane is at the time allocated exclusively to traffic moving in the direction the vehicle is proceeding
and is sign-posted to give notice of such allocation;

(4) The Chief of Police may designate right hand lanes for slow moving traffic and inside lanes
for traffic moving at the speed indicated for the district under this chapter, and when such lanes are signposted
or marked to give notice of such designation a vehicle may be driven in any lane allocated to traffic moving
in the direction such vehicle is proceeding, but when traveling within such inside lanes vehicles shall be
driven at approximately the maximum speed authorized in such lanes, and speed shall not unnecessarily be
decreased so as to block, hinder, or retard traffic.

SECTION 3. PASSING VEHICLES PROCEEDING IN OPPOSITE DIRECTION. Drivers of vehicles proceeding in
opposite directions shall pass each other to the right, each giving to the other at least one-half of the
main traveled portion of the roadway whenever possible.

SECTION 4. OVERTAKING A VEHICLE. Except as otherwise provided in Section 5, the following rules
shall govern the overtaking and passing of vehicles:

(1)	The driver of a vehicle overtaking another vehicle proceeding in the same direction shall pass
to the left thereof at a safe distance and shall not again drive to the light side of the highway until safely
clear of such overtaken vehicle;

(2)	The driver of an overtaken vehicle shall give way to the right in favor of the overtaking
vehicle on suitable and audible signal and shall not increase the speed of his vehicle until completely passed
by the overtaking vehicle;

(3)	In the event vehicles on a street or highway are moving in two or more substantially continuous
lines the provisions of subdivisions 1 and 2 of this section shall not be considered as prohibiting the
vehicles in one such line overtaking or passing the vehicles in another such lines either upon the right or
the left, nor shall the provisions of subdivisions 1 and 2 of this section be construed to prohibit a driver
overtaking and passing upon the right another vehicle which is making or about to make a left turn;

(4) The driver of an overtaking motor vehicle when traveling under such conditions as to make it
necessary to insure safe operation, shall give audible warning with his horn or other warning device before
passing or attempting to pass a vehicle proceeding in the same direction.

SECTION 5. LIMITATIONS OF PRIVILEGE OF OVERTAKING AND PASSING. The driver of a vehicle shall not
drive to the left side of the center line of a highway in overtaking and passing another vehicle proceeding
in the same direction unless such left side is clearly visible and is free of oncoming traffic for a suffi-
cient distance ahead to permit such overtaking and passing to be completely made without impeding the safe
operation of any vehicle approaching from the opposite direction of any vehicle overtaken.

SECTION 6. Section 39 (b) Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby repealed.

SECTION 7. Any person violating the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than Five Hundred Dollars ($500.00), and/
or six months in the City Jail, or a combination of both.

SECTION 8. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 9. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its reading
and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

S/ C. D. Baker______________________

Mayor

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger__________

City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners

on the 19th day of August, 1953, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Bunker and

Jarrett for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the 2nd day

of September, 1953, that at said meeting held on such day, the proposed Ordinance was read in full to the

Board of Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:



Voting "Aye":;	Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Bunker

Commissioner	Jarrett

Commissioner	Sharp

Commissioner	Whipple

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None