motorcycle, or any other vehicle whatever regardless of the power by which the same
is drawn or propelled, strikes or collides with any unoccupied vehicle, the driver
of such vehicle and all persons who have or assume authority over such driver shall
immediately cause such vehicle to stop and shall ascertain the name of the owner
so struck, or the license number thereof and shall immediately make a full report
of such collision, with all details and circumstances thereto, to the Chief of
Police of the City of Las Vegas. Whenever the driver of any vehicle is involved
in an accident resulting in damage to property, the driver shall immediately stop
such vehicle at the scene of such accident and shall take reasonable steps to lo-
cate and notify the owner or person in charge of such property of such fact and of
his name and address and of the registration number of the vehicle he is driving
and shall upon request and if available exhibit his operator's or chauffeur's
license and shall as soon as possible make a full report of such collision, with
all details and circumstances thereof, to the Chief of Police of the City of Las
Vegas.

SECTION 4. Section 1, of Ordinance 569, is hereby amended to read as follows:

A.	Upon those streets and parts of streets, and in those alleys, described in
this section, vehicular traffic shall move only in the direction set forth
below. Signs indicating the direction of traffic shall be erected and main-
tained at every intersection where movement in the opposite direction is
prohibited.

Direction of

Name of Street	Traffic Movement

1.	Ogden Street from Main to 12th	West

2.	Carson Street from Main to 12th	East

3.	North 1st from Stewart Street to

the Las Vegas Police Dept. Bldg.	North & East

4.	Essex Circle	Counter-Clockwise

5.	Fairfield Ave. on that portion

known as Fairfield Circle	Counter-Clockwise

6.	Maryland Parkway on that portion

adjacent to Huntridge Park	Counter-Clockwise

B.	The Chief of Police is hereby authorized to determine and designate streets,
or specific lanes thereon upon which vehicular traffic shall proceed in one
direction during one period and the opposite direction during another period
of the day, and may also erect signs temporarily designating lanes to be used
by traffic moving in any particular direction, regardless of the center line
of the roadway.

The Chief of Police may also designate intersections at which left hand turns
shall be prohibited or at which left hand turns shall be permitted only during
certain hours of the day, and shall also place and maintain appropriate mark-
ings, signs, barriers, or other devices to give notice of the foregoing res-
trictions. It shall be unlawful for any person to operate any vehicle in
violation of such markings, signs, barriers, or other devices so placed in
accordance with this section.

SECTION 5. There shall be added a new section to Chapter 36, Code of Las Vegas,
Nevada, 1959, to be designated Section 144, to read as follows:

VEHICLE ENTERING INTERSECTION OF ROADWAY CONTROLLED BY YIELD RIGHT OF WAY SIGN:

The driver of any vehicle upon approaching any yield right of way sign at the
entrance to a street or intersection shall not drive at a speed exceeding 15
miles per hour across such street or intersection and shall slow down and stop
if necessary and yield the right of way to other vehicles which are approaching
so closely on the intersection street as to constitute an immediate hazard.

SECTION 6. There shall be added a new section to Chapter 36, Code of Las Vegas,
Nevada, 1949, to be designated Section 145 to read as follows:

CURB MARKINGS TO INDICATE REGULATIONS:

The following colors shall be used to indicate and regulate parking by painting
upon curbs and in the event no curbs exist, then by signs:

A.	RED indicates no stopping, standing or parking, whether the vehicle is at-
tended or unattended; except that a bus may stop in a red zone marked or
sign-posted as a bus loading zone.

B.	YELLOW indicates stopping only for the purpose of loading or unloading pass-
engers or freight for such time as provided in Section 76.

C.	WHITE indicates stopping only for loading or unloading of passengers for a
period not to exceed (3) minutes.

D.	GREEN indicates time limit parking by and as required by this Code.

E.	GRAY indicates the removal of a parking restriction or regulation and parking
is permitted.