SECTION 4. Sec. 504 of the Warm Air Heating Code, as adopted by Ordinance No. 607, is amended to read
as follows:

(a) All exposed portions of the exterior surface of every warm air duct shall be covered with not
less than the number of layers of one-fourth inch (¼") thickness air cell asbestos paper as hereinafter
specified for the total length of such duct measured from the warm air outlets on the furnace or furnaces
connected thereto:

1.	Not more than twenty feet (20') in total length—one layer.

2.	More than twenty feet (20') in total length—two layers.

(b)	All concealed surfaces of every warm air duct and plenum chamber shall be covered with not less
than two layers of asbestos paper, each layer of which shall weight not less than eight pounds per one
hundred square feet (100 sq. ft.) or fiberglass not less than 1” in thickness.

SECTION 5. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 6. Any violation of the provisions of this ordinance shall constitute a misdemeanor and shall
 be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred ($500.00) dollars, or by imprisonment in the City Jail
for note more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

SECTION 7. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its final reading and adoption, and
final publication as in the next section provided.

SECTION 8. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause
this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first reading
and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

C.D. BAKER

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 7th day of September, 1955, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Sharp
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the
19th day of October, 1955 which was the regular meeting held on; said day, and at said regular meeting held
on the 19th day of October, 1955 the proposed ordinance was read in full, to the Board of Commissioners as
first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple.

Voting "Nay" None	Absent:	Mayor Baker

APPROVED:

/s/ C.D. Baker

ATTEST:		Mayor

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA,	)

COUNTY OF CLARK,	)	ss.

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING

SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clerk,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of one
week from October 24, 1955 to October 31 1955 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the fol-
lowing dates, to-wit:	October 24, 31 1955. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on

each of the dates above named.

/s/ Richard Lochrie

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1st day of November, 1955.

/s/ Barbara J. Greenspun

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada.

My Commission Expires Mar. 17, 1956.

ORDINANCE NO. 673

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 20 OF ORDINANCE NO. 610 BY INCREASING THE NUMBER OF MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF
ELECTRICAL EXAMINERS TO SEVEN; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

Section 1. Section 20 of Ordinance No. 610 is hereby amended to read as follows:

There is hereby created a B of EE which consists of seven (7) members appointed by the B of CC as
follows:	One member to be selected from a list certified by the Southern Nevada Power Company who has had

at least five years experience for an electrical utility, said list to contain three names for each person
to be so selected; one member to be selected from a list certified by the Nevada Society of Professional
Engineers as a registered electrical engineer in the State of Nevada, said list to contain three names for
each person to be so selected; two Journeyman master electricians, or equivalent, to be selected from a list
certified by the local IB of EW certified to have had at least five years experience in Las Vegas electrical
Jobs, said list to contain three names for each one person to be selected; two members from a list certified
by the local National Electrical Contractors, Nevada, Chapter, with five years experience in electrical jobs
in Las Vegas, Nevada, said list to contain three names for each one person to be so selected; and one mem-
ber to be selected by the B of CC at large, said member not to be engaged in the electrical trade.

The terms of initial appointment shall be for one, two and three years, respectively, and such appoint-
ments shall be made so that no two members from one group shall have their terms expire at the same time.

The EI shall act as secretary of the Board without vote. Any member may for cause be removed from office
at anytime by the B of CC.

SECTION 2. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed.