SECTION 2. Chapter 8, Section 3, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended to read
as follows:

No interment shall be made on New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, July 4th, Labor Day, Thanksgiving
Day, and Christmas Day, except upon the written order of the Health Department of the City of Las
Vegas.

SECTION 3. Chapter 8, Section 10, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 191+9, is hereby amended to read
as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride or drive any vehicle within the limits of any
municipal cemetery at a rate of speed in excess of the posted speed limit.

SECTION 4. Chapter 8, Section 16, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 19l+9, is hereby repealed.

SECTION 5. Chapter 8, Section 18, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 191+9, is hereby amended to read
as follows:

The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall at all times keep all papers and documents used in
connection with the affairs of the municipal cemeteries on file in his office, and shall keep at all
time a full, accurate, and complete record and account, in books secured for that purpose, of the
affairs and transactions of the municipal cemeteries, and such other financial records as may be
prescribed by the City Manager.

SECTION 6. Chapter 8, Section 19, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended to read
as follows:

The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall each day turn over all moneys by him received, to the
Director of Finance and receive a receipt therefor.

SECTION 7. Chapter 8, Section 20, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended to read
as follows:

The Superintendent of Cemeteries shall supervise and negotiate the sale of lots in the municipal
cemeteries according to the schedule of prices and upon the terms, conditions, rules and regulations,
as are adopted from time to time by the Board of Commissioners. In such cases where lots are sold
under the installment of delayed payment plan, he shall deliver to the purchaser a purchase agreement
describing the lot sold and setting forth the terms of sale, and all payments shall be entered as
and when made until the balance of the purchase price is paid in full, whereupon, and in all other
cases where the purchase price is paid in full, he shall deliver to the purchaser a Deed of Con-
veyance duly executed by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas and attested to by the City Clerk. Every
purchase agreement and Deed of Conveyance shall, in addition to such other recitals as are necessary
to their validity, recite the further condition that the ownership, use, and care of the lot or
grave is subject always to such rules and regulations as the Board of Commissioners might adopt
from time to time, and the Superintendent of Cemeteries shall retain for his files a copy of every
purchase agreement and Deed of Conveyance so delivered.

SECTION 8. Violation of any provision of this Ordinance shall be deemed a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof, shall be punishable by a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00),
or by imprisonment for not more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment.

SECTION 9. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 10. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

SECTION 11. The City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to cause this Ordinance No. 719 to be published once a weak
for two consecutive weeks, immediately following its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas
Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 6th day of June, 1956, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Bunker and Sharp for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said or-
dinance on the 20th day of June, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on the 20th day of June,

1956, and at said regular meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the
Board of Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

APPROVED:

/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) ss
COUNTY OF CLARK )

RICHARD LOCHRIE, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING
SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of2week3
from June 24, 1956 to July 1, 1956 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates,
to-wit:	June 24, July 1, 1956. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of

the dates above named.

/s/ RICHARD LOCHRIE

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of July, 1956

/s/ BARBARA J. GREENSPUN
NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires March 17, 1960