SECTION 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district in the City of Las
Vegas, to be called and designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17, which shall in-
clude all the lots, premises and property within said improvement district to their full depth; and the boun-
daries of said district, all within the City of Las Vegas, are described as follows: All the property in-

cluded in Blocks 24, 25, 26, Valley View Addition, All of Block 21, Valley View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7.
All of Block 20, Valley View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7. All of Block 27, Valley View Addition, except
Lots 6 and 7. All of Block 28, Valley View Addition, except Lots 6 and 7 and all property included in the
following described boundary: From the northwest corner of the intersection of "H" Street (80 feet in width)

with Washington Avenue (70 feet in width) which is the true point of beginning; thence westwardly along the
northerly line of Washington Avenue a distance of 497.56 feet to a point; thence northwardly normal to the
last described course a distance of 110 feet to a point thence eastwardly, parallel to Washington Avenue a
distance of 110 feet to a point; thence northwardly, normal to Washington Avenue a distance of 189.35 feet
to a point in the south line of Adams Avenue; thence eastwardly along the south line of Adams Avenue a dis-
tance of 392.58 feet to the westerly line of "H" Street (80 feet in width); the southwardly along the
said westerly line of "H" Street to the true point of beginning, all lying in the S½ of the SE¼ of the NW¼
of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,State of Nevada.

SECTION 2. That the said sewer improvements shall be made by installing a sanitary sewer in and along
certain streets and alleys and portions of streets and alleys and easements therein, said sewer to be com-
posed of vitrified clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as is more particularly
shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved, new on file in the office of
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the streets and alleys and parts of streets and alleys and easements in and along which
the Board proposes to install vitrified clay pipe, are the following: East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 24
and 26 Valley View Addition. East-West alleys bisecting Blocks 20, 21,26,27 and 28 Valley View Addition, from
the easterly line of Lot 6 of each Block eastwardly to the existing sewer in "A" Street. ADAMS AVENUE from
the intersection of "H" Street, 390 feet Westerly; WASHINGTON AVENUE from the intersection of 'H' Street, 500
feet Westerly. "H" Street from the intersection of Washington Avenue to the intersection of Adams Avenue.

The East-West alley bisecting Block 32, HFM&M Addition from the center line of "H" Street, 79½ feet eastwardly
to an existing sewer in said alley.

SECTION 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all incidental ex-
penses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation
properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made
according to the benefits against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited
by such improvements and included within said District, proportionately to the benefits received. The entire
cost and expense of making said improvements are deemed to be $19,942.30 and the total of the special assess-
ments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment upon any such lot or premises ex-
ceed 100% of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State
and County Taxation, but such cost in excess of 100% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of
the General Fund.

SECTION 6. That the County Assessor of the Comity of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and direct- 
ed to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Ne-
vada, and shall assess each lot or parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment dis-
trict with such relative portion of the whole amount to be levied in said district, as shall be proportionate
to the estimated benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

SECTION 7. That when said Ex-officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall report
the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and made
in the form of a certificate endorsed on the assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the form prescribed 
by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said Board,
it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

SECTION 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any person
objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Wednesday, the 19th
day of October, 1955 at 8.00 o’clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are hereby
fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor
will meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

SECTION 10. That after filing said special special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall pub-
lish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments at
least once a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City
of Las Vegas. Said notice shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of Commis-
sioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at same adjourned meeting, review the assess-
ments and hear any objection to said assessments, which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved
thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or description
of the premises as appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said
Board may refer the assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a
new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an indorse-
ment upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall be
final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City
Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such confir-
mation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon, with-
out extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the
date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents
of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity
of all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.