roll of Said County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and
the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City
of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the
same time as other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 15. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be placed
in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-27, Bond Interest and
Redemption Fund," and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially
appropriated to the payment of the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be
hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of
said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for the improvements for which said
assessments were made, and shall not be used for any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon
is fully paid.

SECTION 16. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-officio City
Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City Assessor, whose name
appears on said assessment roll, by United States American mail, that an assessment has been levied
against said person and the designated property in said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-27,
and shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 17. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore taken
by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the improving of a certain street
by installing a complete street lighting system in the said Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-27
toward the creation of said district, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the
entire cost thereof, be, and the same is, hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 18. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances, or parts of by-laws, orders,
resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 19. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for
any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the
remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances
shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other
instances.

SECTION 20. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to meet
the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to
raise funds to improve said streets, therefore, it is hereby declared than an emergency exists, and that
this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health, and safety.

SECTION 21. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance
shall became effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 12th day of April, 1954.

Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

City Clerk

Those voting in favor of this ordinance were as follows:

Those Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple.

Those Voting "Nay":	none	Absent:	Mayor Baker

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK)

STATE OF NEVADA)

Richard Lochrie, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS MORNING

SUN a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of two
weeks from April l4, 1954 to April 21, 1954 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the
following dates, to-wit:	April l4, 21, 1954. That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated

on each of the dates above named.

Signed Richard Lochrie



Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th day of May, 1954

Barbara J. Greenspun_____________________

Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada

My Commission Expires March 17, 1956