ORDINANCE NO. 7k8

AN ORDINANCE TO REPEAL ORDINANCE NO. 731; REGULATING AND CONTROLLING THE POSTING OF RATES OF HOTELS,
INNS, MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS AND BOARDING AND LODGING HOUSES WITH THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS; TO REGULATE
AND CONTROL THE POSTING AND MAINTAINING OF OUTSIDE ADVERTISING SIGNS OF MOTELS, MOTOR COURTS, HOTELS,
AND LIKE ESTABLISHMENTS; PROVIDING PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION THEREOF; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS
RELATED THERETO.

WHEREAS, the economic growth of Las Vegas is due in part to the great tourist trade brought
into the area; and

WHEREAS, the continuance of such tourist trade is dependent in part upon fair and ethical
practices being followed by persons serving the traveling public; and

WHEREAS, it has been brought to the attention of the Commission that numerous unfair prac-
tices exist in the posting of rates, and the use of room rate signs for motels, hotels and like ac-
commodations, and it being impracticable to curb said practices in any manner other than by the com-
plete prohibition of certain advertising signs pertaining to rates by the above-mentioned establish-
ments; and

WHEREAS, the Commission has determined it to be in the public welfare and interest to regu-
late such conduct;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
AS FOLLOWS:

SECTION 1. For the purpose of this Ordinance certain terms and words are defined as follows:

"OUTDOOR SIGNS" or "OUTSIDE SIGNS", as used in this Ordinance means any sign visible to pas-
sers-by whether the same shall be located within or without buildings.

"ROOM RATES", as used in this Ordinance, means the rates at which rooms or other accomoda-
tions are rented to occupants.

"OPERATOR", as used in this Ordinance, includes a manager or any person in charge of the
operation of motels, hotels, inns, motor courts, boarding houses, lodging houses, and like establish-
ments.

"OPERATOR" or "OWNER" includes natural persons, firms and corporations.

SECTION 2. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within the
scope of this Ordinance, located within the boundaries of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,
to post or maintain posted any outdoor or outside advertising sign pertaining to such establishment,
any roam rates for accommodations in such establishments.

SECTION 3. It shall be unlawful for any owner or operator of any establishment within the
scope of this Ordinance to post or maintain posted any outside advertising "Lowest rates", "very low
rates", "weekly rates", "special rates", "seasonal rates" "summer" or "winter rates", "low rates",
or any other phraseology referring to any special rates, charges, prices or give-away gimmicks, mer-
chandise, or special service such as free meals, free television, free show reservations, free drinks,
etc., inconnection with the above rentals of said establishment.

It shall be unlawful for the owner or operator of any establishment within the scope of this Ordinance
to post or maintain or suffer or permit to be posted or maintained any outside sign on which is dis-
played the word "dollar" or the symbol thereof, or any of the numerals from one to nine or zero, or
words indicating the same, irrespective of whether such numeral or numerals are a part of the name
of such establishment or a part of the name of an association of which such owner or operator is or
claims to be a member; provided, however, that it shall not be unlawful to advertise by means of
an outside sign membership in a recognized national association, the name of which includes a numeral
or numerals.

SECTION 4. It shall be unlawful for the owner or operator of any establishment within the
scope of this Ordinance to display or suffer to be displayed any outdoor sign which is in anywise
false or misleading, or which contains any false of misleading matter.

SECTION 5. Nothing contained in this Ordinance shall be construed as to require any es-
tablishment within the scope of this Ordinance to have outdoor or outside signs. This Ordinance
shall not be construed to in any way affect the casino or gaming operation or theatre restaurants
of any establishment, but is intended to apply to the transient habitational activities of estab-
lishments as listed herein.

SECTION 6. Every operator of any hotel, inn, motel, motor court, or boarding or lodging-
house in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, shall post in a conspicuous place in the of-
fice and in every bedroom of such establishment, a statement of the maximum charge or rate of

charges by the day for lodging during the season when such rate is applicable, and shall file a
copy of such statement, together with the name of the owner or operator of such establishment, with
the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within thirty days after adoption of this Ordinance.

For the purpose of this Ordinance there shall be two seasons throughout the year. One season

is declared to be from and after October 1st to and including March 31st of each year and the other
season is declared to be from and after April 1st to and including September 30th of each year. Such
list of charges shall remain in effect for the season to which it applies and the City Clerk shall
not accept and file a new statement of charges oftener than once during each season.

SECTION 7. No charge of sum for accommodations shall be collected for any greater sum than
as set forth in the statement of charges so filed.

SECTION 8. It shall be unlawful for the operator of any hotel, inn, motel, motor court,
boarding or lodginghouse in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, to require as a condition
of renting that the lodger pay for a greater number of nights than actually occupied and requested
by said lodger, provided, that this section shall not apply in the event the hotel, inn, motel, motor
court, boarding or lodginghouse does not rent accommodations for a term of leas than one week.

SECTION 9. Ordinance No. 731 and all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict here-
with are hereby repealed.