SECTION 3. Chapter 9, Section 18, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 is hereby amended

to read as follows:

The Supervisor of Licenses and Revenue, upon the payment being made as provided in the pro-
ceding section, shall issue a city license therefor, but no such city license shall entitled the
holder to practice his profession unless he shall also be a registered civil engineer or surveyor
as herein provided. The licensing period shall be for a period of six months, and shall commence
on January 1, 1957.

SECTION 4. Section 8 of Ordinance No. 715 is hereby amended to read as follows:

An average semi-annual gross sales by type of industry shall be established as a guide for
businesses when first securing a license to commence operations. The figures selected by the City
may be used as a basis for payment for the first six months operation, provided, however, no fee
shall be less than $20.00, and provided further that in the event of an overpayment at the end of
the period covered in the initial application, the overpayment shall be refunded. No refund will
be made if said business does not operate for a complete licensing period. In the event of an
underpayment in the first or any succeeding period, the additional amount will be added to the
required fee for the next, succeeding licensing period.

SECTION 5. Any person violating the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine of not more than $500.00, and/
or six (6) months in jail, or by a combination of both such fine and imprisonment.

SECTION 6. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect as in the next section pro-
vided, and final passage.

SECTION 7. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately
following its first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal a daily newspaper published
in the City of Las Vegas.

APPROVED:

/s/ C. D. BAKER. Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners
on the 18th day of July, 1956, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Fountain and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said
ordinance on the 1st day of August, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on the 1st day of
August, 1956, and at said regular meeting held on said day, the proposed ordinance was read in full
to the Board of Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "AYE":	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Voting “NAY"* None	Absent:	None

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	/s/ C.	Mayor

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK )

) SS.

STATE OF NEVADA )

A. F. SCHELLACK, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of Two (2) insertions from August 26, 1956 to September 2, 1956 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit:	August 26, September 2, 1956.

That said newspaper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

/s/ A. F. SCHELLACK

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3rd day of September, 1956

/s/ NEOLA GIERHART

NOTARY PUBLIC IN AND FOR CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
My Commission Expires April 14, 1958