(C)	The West half of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of Section 1,
Township 21 South, Range 6l East, M. D. B. & M.

(D)	That portion of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of said Section 1 described as follows: COM-

MENCING at the Northwest corner of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of said Section 1; thence
South 0°08’25" East along the West line thereof, a distance of 59.64 feet to the true point
of beginning; thence South 42°27' East parallel to and distance 300.00 feet from the South-
westerly right of way line of U.S. Highway Nos. 93-95-ll66 (200 feet wide) a distance of
3551.11 feet to a point on the South line of said Section 1$ thence South 88°37'40" West
along the last mentioned South line to the Southwest corner of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼)
of said Section l; thence North 0°08’25” West along the West line of the Southeast Quarter
(SE¼) of said Section 1 to the true point of beginning.

(E)	That portion of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of said Section
1 described as follows: BEGINNING at the Southwest corner of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼)

of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of said Section 15 thence North 015'25" West along the West
line thereof a distance of 477.78 feet to the Southwest corner of that certain parcel of
land conveyed by Louis Mack et al to Irving King et ux by deed recorded May 3, 1951 as
document No. 370209 Clark County, Nevada, Records; thence North 89°56’35" East along the
South line of the said conveyed parcel a distance of 560*71 feet to the Southeast corner there-
of; thence South 42°27' East, parallel to and distant 500 feet from the Southwesterly right
of way line of U.S. Highway Nos. 93-95-466, a distance of 646.76 feet to a point on the
South line of the Southeast Quarter (SE¼) of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of said Section
1; thence South 89°56’35” West along the last mentioned South line a distance of 995.41
feet to the true point of beginning.

(F)	Block 5 of Fisher’s Fremont Street-Boulder Dam Highway First Subdivision as shown on the
plat thereof recorded in Book 2 of Plats, Page 9 in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
Recorder’s Office.

Also that portion of the streets as shown within the boundaries of said Fisher’s Fremont
Street-Boulder Dam Highway First Subdivision described as follows: The South half of Olive
Street from the West line of said Fisher’s Fremont Street-Boulder Dam Highway First Subdi-
vision to the East line of said Fisher’s Fremont Street-Boulder Dam Highway First Subdivision.

Clifford Street from the West line of said Fisher’s Fremont Street-Boulder Dam Highway
First Subdivision to the East line of said Fisher’s Fremont Street-Boulder Dam Highway First
Subdivision.

Euclid Avenue from the South line of said Fisher’s Fremont Street-Boulder Dam Highway
First Subdivision to the center line of Olive Street of the said Fisher's Fremont Street-
Boulder Dam Highway First Subdivision.

Atlantic Street from the South line of said Filler’s Fremont Street-Boulder Dam Highway
First Subdivision to the center line of Olive Street of the said Fisher’s Fremont Street-
Boulder Dam Highway First Subdivision.

(E) Lots 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, and 25, in Block 2 of Fisher’s
Fremont Street-Boulder Dam Highway First Subdivision as shown by map thereof on file in
Book 2 of Plats, Page 9, in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada.

Together with that portion of Euclid Avenue lying North of the North line of Russell Avenue,
as vacated by Resolution of the County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada, passed Decem-
ber 6, 1943.

TOGETHER with the tenements, property and inhabitants within each of said parcels of real pro-
perty and each of said parcels of real property is hereby declared to be a part of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 2. Each of said parcels of real property, together with the tenements and inhabitants
thereof, shall be subject to all of the laws applicable to the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. The City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas is hereby instructed to prepare a plat of
each of said territories described in Section 1 of this Ordinance and to file the same for record in the
office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada.

Section 4. This Ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

Section 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall,
cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

__________s/ Reed Whipple

Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk 	

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commis-
sioners on the 16th day of July 1952, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioner
Bunker and Commissioner Jarrett for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on
said ordinance on the 6th day of August. 1952, which was the regular meeting held on the 6th day of August,

1952, that at said regular meeting held on the 6th day of August, 1952, the proposed ordinance was read in
full to the Board of Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Those voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and Mayor Pro Tem Whipple