Section 2.7 is hereby amended to read, as follows:

Section 2.7 - Application Fee

Every person applying for a Plumber's Certificate of Qualification shall pay to the secretary
of the Board of Plumber Examiners at the time he makes such application the following fees:

(a)	Master Plumber's Certificate ------------------- —         $50.00

(b) Journeyman Plumber's Certificate ------------------	5.00

(c) Apprentice Plumber's Certificate ------------------	1.00

Section 2.8 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.8 - Issuance of Certificate of Qualification

The City of Las Vegas shall issue Plumber's Certificate of Qualification pursuant to the fol-
lowing:

(a)	Master Plumber's Certificate of Qualification shall, be issued to every person who makes
application for such certificate, pays the required fee and successfully passes the examina-
tion conducted by the Personnel Department, and Oral Examing Board.

(b)	Journeyman Plumber's Certificate of Qualification shall be issued to every person who
makes application for such certificate, pays the required fee and successfully passes the
examination conducted by the Chief plumbing Inspector.

(c)	Apprentice Plumber"s Certificate of Qualification shall be issued to every person who
makes application for such certificate, pays the required fee, and is approved by the Board
of Plumber Examiners.

Section 2.9 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.9 - Re-Examinations.

Any person who fails to pass the Master Plumber's Examination as prescribed by the Personnel
Department, may apply for re-examination at least thirty (30) days prior to the next examina-
tion.

Any person who fails to pass the Journeyman Plumber's Examination may apply for re-examination
ten (10) days after the date of his last examination. Should such person fail to pass the
second time, a period of six (6) months shall elapse before applying for a third examination.

Section 2.10 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.10 - Terms of Certificates of Qualification

Every Plumber's Certificate of Qualification shall remain in force and effect until its ex-
piration date, unless cancelled or revoked.

Master Plumber Certificates of Qualification shall expire on December 31 of each year. Jour-
neyman Plumber Certificates of Qualification shall expire on December 31 of each year. Ap-
prentice Plumber Certificates of Qualification shall expire on December 31 of each year.

Section 2.11 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.11 - Renewal of Certificates and Fees

All Plumber Certificates of Qualification, except Certificates which have been cancelled
or revoked, may be renewed from year to year upon request and payment of the required re-
newal fee. If a renewal of a Certificate be requested and the required fee paid within
thirty (30) days of the expiration date of such Certificate, the renewal fee shall be
$55.00 for a Master Plumber's Certificate; $2.50 for a Journeyman's Certificate; and
$1.00 for an Apprentice's Certificate. If such renewal be requested and the required
fee paid more than thirty (30) days but less than ninety (90) days after the expiration
date of such certificate, the renewal fee shall be doubled. No certificate may be re-
newed more than ninety (90) days after the expiration date of such certificate, but in
such event, a new examination will be required.

Section 2.12 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.12 - Revocation of Certificates for Fraud or Incompetency

The Board Plumber Examiners, may cancel or revoke any Certificate of Qualification
issued by them to any Master, Journeyman, or Apprentice Plumber, if such Master, Journeyman or
Apprentice Plumber later shows incompetency or lack of knowledge in matters relevant to
such Certificate or if such Certificate was obtained by fraud. If the Certificate of
Qualification of any Master, Journeyman or Apprentice Plumber be so cancelled or revoked,
another such Certificate shall not be granted to such person within twelve (12) months
after the date of cancellation or revocation.

Section 2.15 is hereby amended to read as follows:

Section 2.15 - Display of Sign

It shall be unlawful for any person not in legal possession of a valid Business license
to engage in, or carry on, or represent himself, itself, or themselves as engaged in or
carrying on the Business of Plumbing or to use the words "Master Plumber", "Plumbing",
"Plumber", in any advertising or to display or expose a sign having similar import for
the purpose of implying the advertiser to be so engaged; and in addition, every person
properly licensed as provided by the Ordinance of the City shall have an established
place of business together with the display of a sign to such effect. All trucking
equipment shall expose or display a sign.