ORDINANCE NO. 508

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND ORDINANCE NO. 14.67 ENTITLED:	"AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36 OF THE CODE OF THE

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, BY ADDING A NEW SECTION ESTABLISHING AND DESIGNATING CERTAIN STREETS
FOR THE USE BY TRUCKS AND COMMERCIAL VEHICLES OF A CERTAIN WEIGHT, MAKING THE VIOLATION OF THIS ORDIN-
ANCE A MISDEMEANOR, AND AMENDING CHAPTER 36, SECTION 4l, OF THE CODE OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, I949,

FIXING SPEED LIMITS WITHIN THE CITY" AND ADDING A NEW SECTION DEFINING DUTIES OF GARAGE OPERATORS IN
CERTAIN INSTANCES, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 2 of Ordinance No. 467, which is also Chapter 36, Section 41 of the Code
of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 is further amended to read as follows:

It shall be unlawful for any person to ride, drive, or propel any vehicle at a rate of speed
greater than fifteen (15) miles per hour on streets adjoining school grounds occupied by a school build-
ing; or to propel any vehicle at a rate of speed greater than fifteen (35) miles per hour within any

street intersection of any of the streets in the City; or to propel ary vehicle at a rate of speed greater
than fifteen (15) miles per hour on any street or alley within the City less than thirty (30) feet in
width; or to propel or drive ary vehicle at a rate of speed greater than twenty (20) miles per hour along

Fremont Street between Main Street and 12th Street; or to propel or drive ary vehicle at a rate of speed

exceeding thirty-five (35) miles per hour along Rancho Road from Charleston to Bonanza Road, along Bon-
anza Road from "H" Street to the intersection of Bonanza Road and Rancho Road, along the Tonopah Highway
to the City Limits, along Main Street from Charleston south to Fifth Street or along South Fifth from
the intersection of South Main to the South City Limits; or to propel or drive a vehicle at a rate of
speed exceeding twenty-five (25) idles per hour on any other street or highway within the limits of the
City except as hereinabove provided.

Any person who shall violate any provision of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00)
or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprison-
ment; upon a second conviction of an offense under the provisions of this :section the person so convicted
shall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City
Jail for not more than six (6) months, or by both such fine and imprisonment, and in addition thereto his
license to operate a car or motor vehicle within the city may be revoked for a period in the discretion
of the Court not to exceed thirty (30) days; upon a third conviction of an offense under the provisions
of this section, the person so convicted shall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred dollars
($500.00), or by imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six: (6) months, or by both such fine and
imprisonment, and in addition thereto, his Incense to operate a car or motor vehicle within the City of
Las Vegas, shall be revoked for a period of not less than thirty (30) days nor more than one (l) year.

The municipal Judge, in imposing such sentence, shall not suspend the same or ary part thereof,
and it shall be his duty upon a revocation of the operators of chauffeurs license within ten (10) days,
to forward a record of the conviction to the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada. Any per-
son whose operator’s or chauffeur's license has been revoked, as herein provided, who shall drive a
motor vehicle within the City of Las Vegas while said revocation is in effect, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred dol-
lars ($500.00), or imprisonment in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months or by both such fine
and imprisonment.

SECTION 2. There is hereby added a new section to be designated Section l41.l of Chapter 36,

Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, which shall read as follows:

(a)	The person in charge of any garage or repair shop to which is brought any motor vehicle
which shows evidence of having been involved in a serious accident or struck by any bullet shall report
in writing to the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas within twenty-four (24) hours after such
motor vehicle is received, giving the color, make, year, license number, engine number, brief descrip-
tion of the damage, and name and address of the owner or operator of such vehicle.

(b) An additional report need not be made under this section when the owner of the vehicle is
also the owner of the garage or repair shop and such owner has made a report in compliance with other
ordinances of the City if such report includes the information required by this section.

SECTION 3. Any person violating the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misdem-
eanor and shall be punished by a fine of not more than five hundred dollars ($500.00), and by confine-
ment in the City Jail, for not more than six (6) months, or by a combination of both.

SECTION 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

SECTION 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
shall cause this Ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following
its first reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las
Vegas.

 C. D. Baker

ATTEST:			Mayor

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, CITY CLERK,

By Bernice Stimson	

Chief Deputy City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commis-
sioners on the 6th day of August, 1952, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners
Bunker and Jarrett for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorable on said ordinance
on the 5th day of November, 1952, which was the regular meeting of said Board of City Commissioners, that
at said regular meeting held on the 5th day of November, 1952, the proposed ordinance was read in full
to the Board of Commissioners as first proposed and adopted by the following vote:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and Whipple and His Honor Mayor Baker.

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

ATTEST:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER, CITY CLERK	APPROVED:

BY Bernice Stimson	C. D. Baker

Chief Deputy City Clerk	Mayor