Vegas shall incorporate or provide for standards, developed by such Board in cooperation with other depart-
ments of health, safety, welfare, and education, assuring the health, safety, welfare and education of the
children, and shall provide for such visits or inspections by appropriate authorities as may be necessary
to obtain compliance with the standards prescribed by such Board* Failure to comply with such standards
shall be cause for revocation of the license.

Section 4. The application for a license shall be in a form prescribed by the Board of City
Commissioners, The license shall state to whom it is issued, the particular premises where the children are
to be cared for, the number of children that may be cared for at any one time, and the period during which
the license will be in force and effect.

Section 5. Licenses may be revoked for cause by or under the authority of the Board of Commis-
sioners in accordance with ruled and regulations prescribed by ordinance.

Section 6. The schedule for license fees shall be as follows: Commercial nursery which is de-
fined as a place where ten or more children may be cared for at one time, $25.00 per quarter, payable at the
time when other city licenses are due; private homes which are for five or more but less than ten children
at one time, $10.00 per quarter, payable at the time when other city licenses are due.

Section 7. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

Section 8. Any day nursery, person, association, corporation, institution, or agency violating
the provisions of this act, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and may be punished by a fine of not more than
$500,00 and/or six (6) months in the City Jail, or both.

Section 9. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication, as in the
next section provided, and final passage.

Section 10. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its first
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas*

s/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

The above and foregoing Ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commission-
ers on the 2nd day of July, 1952, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Jarrett
and "Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said ordinance on the
6th day of August, 1952, which was the regular meeting of said Board of Commissioners; that at said regular
meeting held on the 6th day of August, 1952, the proposed ordinance was read in full to the Board of City
Commissioners as first introduced and adopted by the following vote:

Those voting "Aye”:	Commissioners Bunker, Jarrett, Peccole and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple

Those voting "Nay":	None

Absent:	Mayor Baker

APPROVED:

s/ Reed Whipple
Mayor Pro Tem

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

s/ Shirley Ballinger
City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA ) gg
COUNTY OF CLARK )

A. F. Schellack, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS

VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas,
in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said
newspaper for a period of two (2) insertions from August 11, 1952 to August 18, 1952 inclusive,
being the issues of said newspaper for the following dates, to-wit: August 11, 18. That said news-

paper was regularly issued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed______A. F. Schellack___________

Subscribed and sworn to before me this l8th day of August, 1952.

Neola Gierhart

My Commission Expires April l4, 1954.	Notary Public in and for Clark County

Nevada

EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 504

AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE TO AMEND EMERGENCY ORDINANCE NO. 468 ENTITLED: "AN EMERGENCY ORDINANCE OF THE CITY

OF LAS VEGAS, COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA, CREATING AND ESTABLISHING CIVIL SERVICE RULES AND REGULA-