SECTION 14. That all, special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirmation
and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special
 assessments thereafter shall he and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until
 paid.



SECTION 15. That said assessments shall he due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer of
 Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, within two weeks after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest
and without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the
owner, he paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assess-
ment, or any part thereof, within said period of two weeks shall he conclusively considered and held an
election on the part of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such in-
stallments. In case of such election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall he payable at
the office of the said Ex-officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of princi-
pal, the first of which installments of principal shall he due and payable on or before the 1st day of No-
vember, 1956, and the remainder of said installments shall be due and payable successively on or before the
same day in each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred
installments or principal from the 1st day of November, 1955 at the same rate of interest as that provided
for in the special assessment bonds to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to ex-
ceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the
first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of November, 1956, and the re-
mainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day of November in each
year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall cause
the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid
principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until
the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all unpaid
installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties accrued, and shall there-
upon be restored to the. right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not
been suffered. The owner of any property not indefault as to any installment or payment, may, at any time,
pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest paying date,

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on and
against the several owners and premises, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County
and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer
of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is here-
by authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State
and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be placed
in a special fund to be known as "Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17" and as such
shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of the
special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and de-
livered for the purpose of paying in part the cost or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be
applied to payment for the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for any
other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and approved, said Ex-officio City
Treasurer immediately shall notify each person known to said Ex-officio City Assessor, whose name appears
on said assessment roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied against said
person and the designated property in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17, and
shall state therein when and where said assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this ordinance) heretofore taken
by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City, directed toward the making of said improvements by
installing a sanitary sewer along certain streets, alleys and easements and portions of streets, alleys
and easements therein in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17, toward the creation
of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be,
and the same is hereby ratified, approved and confirmed.

SECTION 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts of by-laws, orders, resolu-
tions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance shall,
for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such Judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the re-
maining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sen-
tences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances
shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other in-
stances.

SECTION 21. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas is inadequate
to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately
to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and
that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 22. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and
this ordinance shall become effective immediately following the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of September, 1955.

/s/ C.D. BAKER

(seal)	C.D. Baker, Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

City Clerk

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

STATE OF NEVADA, )

 COUNTY OF CLARK, ) ss.

A.F. SCHELLACK, being first duly sworn, deposes and says:	That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS REVIEW-

JOURNAL, a daily newspaper, of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, in the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a period of Two (2) in-
sertions from September 25, 1955 to October 2, 1955 inclusive, being the issues of said newspaper for the fol-