ORDINANCE NO. 727

AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 23 OF THE ZONING ORDINANCE, ALSO KNOWN AS SECTION 23, CHAPTER 24, CODE OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1949, TO PERMIT THE UNDERGROUND BULK STORAGE OF CHEMICALS, OILS, GAS PRODUCTS, AND
OTHER DANGEROUS AND EXPLOSIVE SUBSTANCES IN AN M-1 ZONE UPON THE SECURING OF A USE PERMIT; REPEALING
ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do ordain as follows:

SECTION 1. Section 23 of the Zoning Ordinance, also known as Section 23, Chapter 24, Code of
Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, is hereby amended to read as follows:

Sec. 23. M-1 (Light industry) district regulations.

A USES PERMITTED:

1. Any use permitted in the "R", C-1 and C-2 districts.

2.	Any wholesale, retail or commercial use including warehouses, open storage or sales yards,
salvage or Junk yard only when conducted in a building enclosed on all sides of when enclosed by a
fence in such manner as may be specified by the planning commission, but not including auto wrecking nor
in any event shall dismantled cars or vehicles be allowed to accumulate on any premises; light manu-
facturing; light industry; but not including any use which emits dust, gas, smoke, noise, fumes, odors,
or vibrations which are or may be detrimental to the general welfare of the neighborhood or of the city
as a whole.

3.	Other uses, which in the opinion of the planning commission, are similar in character to
those enumerated in this section and will not be obnoxious or detrimental to the district in which
located.

B.	USES REQUIRING A PERMIT:

1. Small animal hospitals, or establishments for boarding dogs, cats and other small animals.

2. The underground bulk storage of any chemical, oil, gas or products thereof, gun powder,
fireworks, explosives, fertilizer, glue, potash, paint, oil, shellac, turpentine or varnish, soap,
petroleum, tar distillation or products, coal tar products, wood distillation or products, oil cloth
or oiled products, plastics, rubber or gutta percha products.

C.	USES EXCLUDED:

1.	Any industrial uses enumerated under Section 24, Subsection C, Chapter 24, Code of Las
Vegas, Nevada, 1949  as amended, which require a Use Permit in order to be allowed in an M-2 Zone.

D.	BUILDING HEIGHT. LIMIT:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

E.	BUILDING SITE AREA REQUIRED:

Buildings hereafter erected and used wholly or partly for dwelling purposes shall comply
with the lot area requirements of the "R-4" district.

F.	YARDS REQUIRED:

None except:

1.	No building shall hereafter be erected, nor shall any use of land be conducted so that the
same will be closer to the right of way line of any street than any official plan line or any building
line which has been established for such a street by the street and highway plan, or section thereof, of
the master plan of the city, or than any future width line or building line which may be specified there-
for by the provisions of section 26 of this chapter.

2.	Every building or portion thereof which is designed, intended or used for any purpose
permitted in "R" districts or for any other residential or dwelling purpose shall comply with the
provisions of this article as to yards which are required in the "R-4" districts provided, that when the
ground floor of any such building is used for any commercial or light industrial purpose, no side yard
shall be required for such ground floor, except as otherwise provided by this article.

3.	There shall be a side yard along the side of every lot in an M-1 district which lot is
not bounded by an alley and which side is bordering on property in any "R" district, which side yard
shall be of a width not less than the width of a side yard as required in "R-4" districts.

SECTION 2. Any person violating the provisions of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misde-
meanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by a fine of not more than $500.00, or imprisonment
in the City Jail for not more than six (6) months, or by any combination of such fine or imprisonment.

SECTION 3. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed:



SECTION 4. This ordinance shall be in full force and effect upon its publication as in the next
section provided, and final passage.

SECTION 5. The City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its
first reading and adoption in the Las Vegas. Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	/s/ C. D. BAKER, Mayor

The above and foregoing ordinance was first proposed and read by title to the Board of Commissioners on
the 3rd day of October, 1956, and referred to the following committee composed of Commissioners Sharp
and Whipple for recommendation; thereafter the said committee reported favorably on said Ordinance on the
17th day of October, 1956, which was the regular meeting held on said day, that at said regular meeting