SECTION 24. DISPOSITION OF NET PROCEEDS OF SALES. The net proceeds, after deducting damages and
costs of detention, derived from the sale of all animals, dogs or fowl sold under the provisions of this
ordinance shall be held by the Poundkeeper subject to the order of the owner of said animals, dogs or fowl
if applied for within thirty (30) days from the date of sale and if the same is not applied for within said
period may be retained by the Poundkeeper as additional compensation for services rendered the City.

SECTION 25. BURIAL FEES. It shall be the duty of the Poundkeeper upon the request of any owner
of possessor of any dead animal to forthwith bury the same, for which services the Poundkeeper shall charge
and collect the following fees.

For burying horses, oxen,	bull or cows per head	$15.00

For burying jacks, mules,	street or colt per head	$15.00

For burying sheep, goats,	or calves per head	$ 5.00

For burying dogs, cats, or other animals not

enumerated	2.50

SECTION 26. DISPOSITION OF DEAD ANIMALS. It shall be the duty of the Poundkeeper, whenever it
comes to his knowledge, that any dead animal is on any of the public streets, alleys, sidewalks, lanes, or
other public or unenclosed place within the City of Las Vegas, to promptly dispose of the same, charging
and collecting therefor from the owner or person formerly having had the possession or control thereof, if
same can be ascertained the fees provided in Section 25. No dead dog or cat shall be buried or otherwise
disposed of by any other person unless and until the City Health Officer, or the Poundkeeper, or a licensed
veterinarian has examined the same.

SECTION 27. REQUIREMENTS FOR KEEPING CERTAIN ANIMALS AND FOWL IN CITY. It shall be unlawful for
any person to keep, or cause to be kept or permit to be kept on premises over which any such person may have
control within the City Limits of the City of Las Vegas:

(a)	Any rooster	or the male	of any	specie of fowl over the age of	three (3) months;

(b)	Any fowl	or	bird within	twenty	(20) feet of any dwelling owned by another per-

son unless such other person shall have filed with the Health Officer a writ-
ten unrevoked consent authorizing the keeping of such fowls or birds within
twenty (20) feet of said dwelling.

(c)	Any fowl or bird that shall not at all times be confined within a suitable
house or coop or enclosed runway.

(d)	Any fowl	or	bird in any	basement, sub-basement or cellar.

(e)	Any fowl	or	bird in any	house,	coop or runway which shall not	at all times be

kept clean and free from offensive odors; provided,- however, that no animals
or birds shall be kept in violation of the Planning and Zoning Ordinances of
the City.

SECTION 28. UNLAWFUL TO PLACE GARBAGE IN COOP OR RUNWAY. It shall be unlawful for any person to
throw or place, of cause to be thrown or placed, or permit to be thrown or placed, any garbage as defined
in Chapter l4, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, in any coop or runway in which any fowl, animal or bird is
kept.

SECTION 29. RABID ANIMALS.

(a)	Every rabid dog or animal exposed to rabies shall be immediately confined by the owner, who
shall promptly notify the Poundkeeper or a Police Officer where such dog or animal is confined and the
reason therefor. Such dog or animal shall not be allowed to come in contact with any person or animal.

The owner shall surrender possession of such animal or dog to the Poundkeeper for supervised quarantine. The
owner shall pay the cost of such quarantine for a period of not less than fourteen (14) days or the owner
may at his option and expense have such animal quarantined at the hospital of a licensed veterinarian in
the City. Such dog or animal shall not be released from quarantine without written consent of the Poundkeep-
er or until it has been certified by a licensed veterinarian to be free of rabies.

(b)	No person shall kill a rabid dog or animal, or a dog or animal exposed to the rabies, nor
remove same from the city limits without permission of the Poundkeeper except when it is necessary to des-
troy such animal to prevent it from escaping or biting any person or animal.

(c)	The Poundkeeper shall direct the disposition of any dog or animal found to be affected with

rabies.

(d)	The carcass of any dog or animal exposed to rabies shall upon demand be surrendered to the
Poundkeeper.

(e)	No person shall fail or refuse to surrender a dog or animal for quarantine or destruction
as required herein when demand therefore is made by the Poundkeeper.

(f)	Whenever it becomes necessary, in the opinion of the Mayor, to safeguard the public from the
dangers of rabies or other disease, he may issue and publish a proclamation requiring all dogs to be kept
under restraint or within an enclosure on the owner's property.

SECTION 30. UNLAWFUL TO KEEP BARKING DOG OR NOISY ANIMAL. It shall be unlawful for any person
to keep, harbor or own any dog, animal or fowl which by loud or frequent habitual barking, helping, howling,
braying, or other noise causes annoyance to the neighborhood or to any persons in the vicinity.

SECTION 31. UNLAWFUL TO ALLOW DOG OR ANIMAL TO COMMIT ANY NUISANCE. It shall be unlawful for
the owner or person having custody of any dog or other animal to permit, either wilfully or through failure
to exercise due care or control, any such dog or animal to commit any nuisance upon any sidewalk of any
public street or public park; or upon any real property under the control of or in the possession of any
other person, or upon the floor of any common hall in any apartment house, tenement house, hotel or other
multiple dwelling; or upon any entranceway, stairway, or wall immediately abutting on a public sidewalk,
or upon the floor of any theater, shop, store, office building or other building used in common by the
public, or upon the floor or stairway of any depot or station or public waiting room; or upon any floor,
stairway, entranceway, office lobby, foyer or patio used in common by the public.