E.	SIDE YARD REQUIRED

There shall he a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the
width of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than
five (5) feet in width. In case the dwelling or dwelling units are so located on the lot that the rears
thereof about upon one side yard and the fronts thereof abut upon the other side yards (i.e., in a single
row, "side to side" arrangement), the side yard to the rear thereof shall have a width of not less than
 eight (8) feet, and the side yard to the fronts thereof shall have a width of not less than twelve (12)
feet.

F. REAR YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty-five (25) percent of the average depth of the lot,
but such rear yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet.

G. DISTANCE BETWEEN BUILDINGS:

No detached dwelling, or other main building, shall be less than twenty (20) feet from any other
 detached dwelling or main building on the same building site.

SECTION 3. There is hereby added a new section to Chapter Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, to im-
 mediately follow Section 18 and to be designated Section 18.01, which shall read as follows:

R-3-T (Limited Multiple Residence—Trailer District) Regulations

A.	Uses Permitted.

1.	All uses permitted in the R-1, R-2, and R-2-T districts, subject to the securing of a use permit
 as provided in Section 28 of this chapter, for any use for which a use permit is required in such districts.

2.	Multiple dwellings, bungalow courts, and dwelling groups.

3.	The construction and maintenance of a trailer park in accordance with the provisions of Ordinance
NO. 907, as amended, subject to the securing of a use permit as provided in Section 28 of this Chapter.

B.	BUILDING HEIGHT LIMIT:

The maximum building height shall be two (2) stories.

C.	BUILDING SITE AREA REQUIRED:

The minimum building site area shall be one (l) lot or a parcel of land seven thousand (7,000) square
 feet in area. The minimum building site area per dwelling unit shall be seven thousand (7,000) square feet
for one family dwellings; thirty-five hundred (3,500) square feet for two family dwellings; and in no case
shall a multiple dwelling or dwelling group occupy a site which provides less than seventeen hundred and fifty
(1,750) square feet of land area per family or dwelling unit.



D.	FRONT YARD REQUIRED:

No building shall be erected closer than twenty (20) feet to either the front property line of the
building site or the line of any future street as provided in section 26 of this chapter or as shown upon
any official street plan.

E.	SIDE YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a side yard on each side of a building of not less than ten (10) percent of the width
of the lot, but such side yard need not exceed twenty-five (25) feet and shall not be less than five (5)

 feet in width.

P. REAR YARD REQUIRED:

There shall be a rear yard not less than twenty (20) feet in depth.

G. DWELLING GROUPS:

The following additional regulations shall apply to dwelling groups:

1.	In case the buildings of the group are so located on the lot that the rear of the building which
faces the street is faced by the front of a building to the rear, et seq. (i.e., in a "front to back" series),

 no such building shall be closer than twenty (20) feet to any other building.

2. In case the buildings of the group are so located on the lot that the rears thereof abut upon
one side yard and the fronts thereof abut upon the other side yard (i.e., in a single row "side to side"
series), the side yard to the rear thereof shall have a width of not less than eight (8) feet, and the side
yard to the fronts thereof shall have a width of not less than twelve (12) feet.

3.	In case the buildings of the group are so located on the lot that the rears thereof abut upon
either side yard and the fronts thereof face a court (i.e., in a double row "side to side" series), each
side yard shall have a width of not less than eight (8) feet and the court shall have a width of not less
than twenty (20) feet.



4.	No building shall be so located on the lot that the rear thereof faces the side of any other
buildings on the same lot unless a distance of at least twenty (20) feet is provided between such buildings.

5.	In no case shall any building of the group be closer to any other building of the group than a
distance of ten (10) feet.

SECTION 4. All ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

SECTION 5. That by reason of the fact that the trailers of the City of Las Vegas are inadequate to
meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to
provide space for said trailers, therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health, and safety.

SECTION 6. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall
 cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately following its final
reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this