All such permits so issued shall expire on March 31st, June 30th, September 30th and
December 31st next ensuing the date of the issuance thereof, or sooner upon the revo-
cation of the vehicle license as heretofore provided, or as otherwise provided for by
ordinances or regulations of the City.

Except for authorized emergency vehicles, as defined in Section 1 of Chapter 36 of
this Code, it shall be unlawful to stop, stand or park a vehicle of any description
for any purpose or period of time at any such stand for which a permit has been
granted other than the vehicle of the holder of such a permit; provided, however,
that any such other vehicle may temporarily stop thereat, subject to the provisions
of other ordinances or regulations of the City, only for the purpose of and while ac-
tually and expeditiously engaged in unloading passengers when such stopping does
not interfere with any vehicle of the holder of such permit, waiting to enter or
about to enter upon such stand.

SECTION 7. There is hereby added a new section to be designated as Section 22 of
Chapter 33, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 as follows:

No person shall operate or permit a vehicle owned or controlled by him to be opera-
ted as a vehicle for hire upon the streets of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, without
having first obtained a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity from the
Board of City Commissioners.

An application for such certificate shall be filed with the Supervisor of Licenses and
Revenue upon forms provided by the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; and said application
shall be verified under oath and shall furnish the following information:

(a)	The name and address of the applicant.

(b)	The financial status of the applicant, including the amounts of all un-
paid Judgments against the applicant and the nature of the transaction
or acts giving rise to said Judgments.

(c)	The experience of the applicant in the transportation of passengers.

(d)	Any facts which the applicant believes tend to prove that public convenience
and necessity require the granting of a certificate.

(e)	The number of vehicles to be operated or controlled by the applicant and the
location of proposed depots add terminals.

(f)	The color scheme or insignia to be used to designate the vehicle or vehicles
of the applicant.

(g)	Such further information as the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas may require.

SECTION 8. There is hereby added a new section to be designated as Section 23 of Chapter
33, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 as follows:

Upon the filing of an application, it shall be referred to the Board of Commissioners
and the Board, at its next regular meeting, shall fix a time and place for a public
hearing thereon. Notice of such hearing shall be given to the applicant and to all
persons to whom Certificates of Public Convenience and Necessity have been thereto-
fore issued. Due notice shall also be given the general public by one publication
of a Notice of such hearing in a daily newspaper in the City of Las Vegas at least
five (9) days before the hearing. Any interested person may file with the City Clerk
a memorandum in support of or opposition to the issuance of a certificate.

SECTION 9. There is hereby added a new section to be designated as Section 24 of Chap-
ter 33, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, as follows:

If the Board of Commissioners finds that further service in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, is required by the public convenience and necessity and that the applicant
is fit, willing and able to perform such public transportation and to conform to the
provisions of this ordinance, then the Board of Commissioners shall issue a certifi-
         cate stating the name and address of the applicant, the number of vehicles author-
ized under said certificate and the date of issuance; otherwise, the application
shall be denied.

In making the above findings, the Board of Commissioners shall take into consideration
the number of vehicles already in operation, whether existing transportation is ade-
quate to meet the public need, the probable effect of increased service on local traf-
fic conditions, and the character, experience and responsibility of the applicant.

SECTION 10. There is hereby added a new section to be designated as Section 25 of
Chapter 33, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949 as follows:

No Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity shall be issued or continued in
operation unless the holder thereof has paid his fees in accordance with the provisions
of Chapter 33* Section 7, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949.

SECTION 11. There is hereby added a new section to be designated as Section 26 of Chap-
ter 26 of Chapter. 33, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, as follows:

No certificate of public convenience and necessity may be sold, assigned, mortgaged or
otherwise transferred without the consent of the Board of Commissioners.

SECTION 12. There is hereby added a new section to be designated as Section 27 of Chap-
ter 27 of Chapter 33, Code of Las Vegas, Nevada, 1949, as follows:

All persons presently holding licenses with the City of Las Vegas shall be deemed to
hold a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity and the provisions of this ordi-
nance requiring such certificates for public convenience and necessity shall apply to
new applications for licenses.