The application shall be subscribed and sworn to before an officer authorized to administer
oaths by the applicant; if a partnership, by a member of the firm; if a corporation, trust or associa-
tion, by one of the officers or trustees. Immediately above his signature, the individual signing shall
write out the following statement in his or her own handwriting:

"I have carefully read the foregoing application and swear that every statement made therein
is true and correct."

If the applicant is an agent, his principal or a duly authorized member, officer or trustee of
his principal, shall certify by endorsement, on the application that the agent has been employed for
the purposes outlined therein.

The application herein required shall be filed with City Clerk's office for public inspection.

SECTION 4. STANDARDS FOR GRANTING, REVOKING OR DENYING CHARITABLE SOLICITATIONS PERMITS. The
City Clerk shall issue a permit as provided in Section 6 of this Ordinance only after certification by
the Solicitations Review Board that the following facts exist:

(a)	That all of the statements made in the application are true.

(b)	That the applicant has a good character and reputation for honesty and integrity, or if the
applicant is not an individual person, that every official and managing agent of the applicant has a
good character and reputation for honesty and integrity.

(c)	That the control and supervision of the solicitation and distribution of the proceeds will
be under responsible and reliable parsons.

(d)	That applicant is not engaged in any fraudulent transaction or enterprise.

(e) That the solicitation will not be a fraud upon the public.

(f)	That the exact purpose for which the solicitation is to be made is in fact a charitable or
welfare purpose; the solicitation is primarily intended to finance the exact purpose described in the
application, and will not be conducted primarily for private profit.

(g)	That the solicitation is prompted solely by a desire to finance the charitable cause de-
scribed in the application.

(h)	That the solicitation and its related activities will not be detrimental to health, life, or
property of the citizens of the City of Las Vegas.

(i)	That the cost of raising funds will be reasonable. Any such cost in excess of twenty-five
(25%) percent of the amount collected shall be considered prima facia, to be unreasonable.

(4) That no part of the solicitation is conducted by any lottery or other device prohibited by

law.

(k)	That no person shall for pecuniary compensation or consideration conduct or make any solicita-
tion by telephone for or on behalf of any actual or purported charitable use, purpose, association, corp-
oration or institution.

(l)	The provisions of Subsection (k) hereof shall not apply to any communication by telephone
between persons personally known to each other.

(l)	That said applicant is maintaining a system of complete accounting.

(m)	That no provision of this ordinance will be violated.

SECTION 5. SOLICITATIONS REVIEW BOARD. A solicitation Review Board, composed of five (5) mem-
bers, to be appointed by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby created. The
members of such Board shall hold office for a period of two years, except that upon the enactment of this
ordinance, two persons shall be appointed for one-year terms, and three persons for two-year terms, and
shall serve without pay. At the end of one year, all appointments shall be for two-year terms.

(a) The City Clerk shall submit all applications to the Solicitations Review Board for its recom-
mendation.

(b) It shall be the duty of the Solicitations Review Board to meet regularly or on call by the
City Clerk, to review applications and recommend to the Board of Commissioners the issuance of a permit
for each application concerning which it has been found that the provisions of Section 4 have been com-
plied with.

(c) The Solicitations Review Board shall, recommend the denial of permits for all other applica-
tions, or the withholding of permits until such time as the standards set forth in Section 4 of this
Ordinance shall be fully met.

SECTION 6. ISSUANCE, DENIAL AND REVOCATION OF PERMITS. The City Clerk shall issue a permit to an
applicant if and when he received from the Board of Commissioners its recommendation that such permit be
issued and receives payment for the permit fees hereinafter provided for. He shall deny a permit in each
instance where the Board of Commissioners so recommends. He shall revoke a permit if and when he finds
that any of the provisions of this ordinance are being violated.

SECTION 7. APPEAL FROM DENIAL OR REVOCATION OF PERMIT. Any applicant who is denied a permit
hereunder or whose application therefor has been neither granted nor denied within thirty (30) days from
the date of filing thereof, or whose permit has been revoked, may appeal in writing to the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas by filing an appeal with the City Clerk. The Board of Commissioners,
after a hearing at a time and place to be set by the Commissioners within thirty (30) days from the date
of filing of such appeal, shall either grant, deny, reinstate, or refuse to reinstate such permit.

SECTION 8. FORM OF SOLICITATIONS PERMIT - TIME LIMIT. Permits issued under this section shall bear
the name and address of the person by whom the solicitation is to be made, the number of the permit, the
date issued, the dates within which the permit holder may solicit, and a statement that the permit does not
constitute an endorsement by the City of Las Vegas.