The boundaries of said proposed Assessment District are as follows:

A certain parcel of land, lying and being situate in the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the
Northwest (l/4) of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 6l East,

M.D.B. & M., and being more particularly described as follows to-wit:

All of the Bonanza Village Tract as shown by map thereof on file in
Book 2 of Plats, Page 69, in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark
County, Nevada, being bound by the center lines of Harrison Avenue to
the North, Highland Avenue, also known as Sunny Place, to the East,

Washington Avenue to the South and Tonopah Drive to the West. Save
and except those parcels or lots in the aforementioned Subdivision
now being served by sewers, which are as follows:

Lots 1 through 8, Block 10; Lots 16 and 17, Block 10; Block 11;
and Lots 1 through 6, Block 7, the same being excluded from this
district.

SECTION 5. That the City Clark shall keep the plats, diagrams and plans of the work
and locality to be improved, together with the estimates of the expense thereof, on file in
her office for public inspection and examination.

SECTION 6. That the Board of Commissioners of said City will meet at the City Hall in
said City on Wednesday, the 18th day of January, 1958, at the hour of 7.30 o'clock P.M., to
hear and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties in interest to the
proposed improvements, or any matter relating thereto. Objections to said proposed improve-
ments, or any matters relating thereto, may be filed in writing in the office of the City Clerk
at any time prior to said meeting.

SECTION 7. That the City Clerk shall give notice of the filing of said estimates,
plats, diagrams, and plans with the City Clerk for examination of the proposed improvements,
or work, of the location of the improvements of the district to be assessed, and of the time
when the Board will meet and consider any suggestions and objections that may be made by parties
in interest to the proposed improvements. Said notice shall be given by publication once a
week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
said City of Las Vegas, and also by posting said notice in three public places near the site of
said proposed work.

SECTION 8. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts of by-laws,
orders, resolutions and ordinances, in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not
affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined
in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance held
unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence,
clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or prejudice
in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instance.

SECTION 10. That be reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las
Vegas is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and
that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer system, therefore, it
is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the
immediate preservation of the public peace.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its final reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall became effective immediately fol-
lowing the second publication hereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED THIS 4th day of January, 1956.

/s/ C.D. BAKER_________

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Those voting in favor of this ordinance:

Voting "Aye":	Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple, and Mayor Baker.

Voting "Nay":	None	Absent:	None

APPROVED:	/s/ C.D. BAKER___________

ATTEST:	Mayor

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk