and County taxation, but such cost in excess of 50% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid out of the
General Fund.

SECTION 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State of Nevada, the acting Ex-Officio
City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed
to make forthwith, an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced within the aforementioned special assessment district,
such relative portion of the whole sum to be levied in said district, as shall be proportionate to the estimates
benefit resulting to such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

SECTION 7. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed the assessment, he shall
report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and
made in the form of a certificate endorse on the assessment roll which certificate shall be in the form pre-
scribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been prepared and reported to said
Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk, and numbered.

SECTION 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and confirmed by said Board, any
person objecting to the assessment may file his objection thereto with the City Clerk on or before Friday, the
1st day of May, 1953, at 8:00 o’clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are hereby
fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will
meet to hear and consider objections to said special assessment roll and to review said assessment.

SECTION 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the City Clerk, she shall publish
notice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to review the assessments at least
once a week for two weeks in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City of Las Vegas. Said
notice shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments as aforesaid, the Board of
Commissioners and the Ex-officio City Assessor shall meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the
assessments and hear any objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself aggrieved
thereby, and shall decide the same and said Board may correct the same as to any assessment or description of
the premises appearing therein, and may confirm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may
refer the assessment back to said Ex-officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and direct a new assess-
ment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the City Clerk shall make an
indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation, which shall be in the form prescribed by the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION, 13. That when the assessments shall be confirmed and approved as herein provided, it shall
be final and conclusive. The City Clerk shall thereupon deliver to said County Assessor,acting Ex-officio
City Assessor, the Assessment Roll as confirmed by the Board of Commissioners, with her certificate of such
confirmation, and of the date thereof. The County Assessor, acting Ex-officio City Assessor, shall thereupon,
without extra compensation, record such Assessment Roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of
the date of such recording, whereupon from said date all persons shall be deemed to have notice of the contents
of such Assessment Roll, and it shall be prima facie evidence in all courts and tribunals of the regularity of
all proceedings preliminary to the making thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.

SECTION l4. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall from the date of confirmation
and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special
assessments thereafter shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land assessed until
paid.

SECTION 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County Treasurer
of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, within ten days after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and
without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the owner,
be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any
part thereof, within said period of ten days shall be conclusively considered and held an election on the part
of all persons interested, whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such
election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of said Ex-officio City
Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments of principal, the first of which installments of
principal shall be due and payable on or before the 1st Day of December, 1953, and the remainder of said instal-
lments shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year thereafter until paid in
full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred installments of principal from the 1st day of
January, 1953, at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment bond to be hereafter
authorized, sold, issued and delivers, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable annually at
the office of said Ex-officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the
said 1st day of December, 1953, and the remainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable
on the 1st day of December in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or
interest, when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately, and
the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten
per centum per annum, until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay
the amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all penalties
accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay in installments in the same manner as
if default had not been suffered. The owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment,
may, at any time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next interest
paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax roll of Clark County on
and against the several owners and premises and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County
and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and the County Treasurer
of said County, the Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby
authorized and directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and
County taxes are collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest, when collected, shall be placed
in a special fund to be known as "Street Improvement Assessment District No. 100-20 Bond Interest and Redemption
Fund," and as such shall at all times constitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the