a valid special assessment cannot be levied by said City; and

WHEREAS, in no case does the estimated amount of any special assessment upon any lot or premises
for Said improvements exceed fifty percent of the value of such lot or premises as shown upon the latest
tax list or assessment roll for state and county taxation; and

WHEREAS, in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas, it is fair and
equitable that no portion of said cost and expense be borne by the City from its general funds; and

WHEREAS, said Board by Emergency Ordinance No. 493} passed, adopted and approved the 4th day of
June, 1952, declared its determination to make certain public improvements as herein provided, to create
Sanitary Sewer Improvements Assessment District No. 200-5. for the purpose of making said improvements, to
defray the entire cost and expense thereof by special assessments made according to benefits, and fixed a
time in which protests against the proposed improvements or the creation of such District might be heard
and considered by said Board, and directed notice thereof to be given; and

WHEREAS, said Board determined that said notice was given in the manner prescribed by Section 7
of said Emergency Ordinance No. 493 and by Section 57 Chapter 11, Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the owners of more than one-half the property to be assessed have not filed written
objections concerning the making of said improvements, the creation of said District, or the defraying of
the entire cost and expense by special assessments; and

WHEREAS, no objections, suggestions, comments nor questions were made or raised at said protest
hearing; and

WHEREAS, said Board has done all things necessary and preliminary to the creation of said San-
itary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5, and now desires to create said District;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DOES ORDAIN AS FOLLOWS:

Section 1. There shall be and there hereby is created a special assessment district in the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada to be called and designated Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5.
which shall include all the lots, premises and property to their full depth; fronting, adjoining and abutting
upon the following streets and portions of streets and easements, all within the City of Las Vegas.

In Ashby Avenue from 115.77 feet east of the center line
of Cashman Drive to Strong Drive; in the easement on the
west side of Lots 3 and 16, Block 1, 365.00 feet north to
existing sanitary sewer 6*00 feet north of the center line
of Charleston Boulevard; in Campbell Drive, 385.00 feet
north to existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the
center line of Charleston Boulevard; in Cahlan Drive
385.00 feet north to existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet
north of the center line of Charleston Boulevard; in
Strong Drive from Ashby Avenue 663.55 feet north to the
existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the center
line of Charleston Boulevard; all of above described area
lying wholly within the McNeil Tract Subdivision.

Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-5 shall include all the lots, premises
and property to the full depth of each, fronting, adjoining and abutting upon said streets and parts of
streets and easements, excepting:

In the McNeil Tract as shown by the Records of the County Recorder’s Office, Clark
County, Nevada.

(1)	Lots 1 and 3 Block 1, which abut the easement
along the west side of Lot 3 Block 1

(2)	Lot 8, Block 1 and Lot 1, Block 2, which abut
and adjoin Campbell Drive

(3)	Lot 13 Block 2 and Lot 1, Block 3 which abut
and adjoin Cahlan Drive

(4) Lot 8, Block 3 which abuts and adjoins Strong
Drive

and also the unsubdivided area abutting and adjoining
Strong Drive on the east side thereof, extending 200 feet
south of Charleston Boulevard.

Section 2. That the said sewer improvement shall be made by installing a sanitary sewer in and
along the following streets and parts of streets and easements, said sewer to be composed or eight inch
vitrified clay pipe, together with such appurtenances as may be required, as is more particularly shown
by the plats, diagrams and plans of the work and locality to be improved, now on file in the office of the
City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Section 3. That the streets and parts of streets and easements in and along which the Board pro-
poses to install eight inch vitrified clay pipe, are the following:

In Ashby Avenue from 115.77 feet east of the center line
of Cashman Drive to Strong Drive; in the easement on the
west side of Lots 3 and 16, Block 1, 385.00 feet north to
existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the center line
of Charleston Boulevard; in Campbell Drive, 385.00 feet
north to existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the
center line of Charleston Boulevard; in Cahlan Drive 385.00
feet north to existing sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of
the center line of Charleston Boulevard; in Strong Drive
from Ashby Avenue 663.55 feet north to the existing
sanitary sewer 6.00 feet north of the center line of
Charleston Boulevard; all of the above described area
lying wholly within the McNeil Tract Subdivision.