SECTION 5. That when said bonds have been duly executed, the City Treasurer in the
City of Las Vegas shall deliver them to the lawful purchaser thereof on receipt of the pur-
chase price. The funds realized from the sale of the bonds shall be applied solely to defray
the cost and expense of making said improvements, but the purchaser of said bonds shall in no
manner be responsible for the application by said City, or any of its officers, of any of the
funds derived from the sale thereof.

SECTION 6. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and they hereby are,
authorized and directed to take all action necessary or appropriate to effectuate the provisions
of this ordinance, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing
of said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may reasonably be required by the pur-
chaser thereof, relating interalia, to the signing of the bonds, the tenure and identity of
the municipal officials, the amounts certified on the assessment roll together with the
amount of cash payments, the accuracy of property descriptions, the receipt of the assignable
certificates and the delivery of the bonds, and the absence of litigation pending or threatened
affecting the validity of the bonds.

SECTION 7. That after said street improvement bonds are issued, this ordinance shall
be and remain irrepealable until said bonds and the interest thereon shall be fully paid, cer-
tified and discharged, as herein provided.

SECTION 8. That all ordinances or resolutions, or parts thereof, in conflict with
the provisions of this ordinance, are hereby repealed. This repealer shall not be construed to
revive any ordinance, nor resolution, or part thereof, heretofore repealed.

SECTION 9. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this
ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or be held invalid, such judgment shall not
affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be con-
fined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance
so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section,
sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or
prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of Las Vegas
are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabitants and that
it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said streets; therefore, it is hereby
declared that an emergency exists, and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate
preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

	SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two successive weeks
immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper
published in said City.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this l6th day of April, 1958.

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioner Wendell Bunker	Commissioner E.W. Fountain

Commissioner Harris P. Sharp	Commissioner Reed Whipple

Mayor C.D. Baker
Nays:	None

AFFIDAVIT OF PUBLICATION

COUNTY OF CLARK )

) SS.

STATE OF NEVADA, )

ANTHONY CINA, being first duly sworn, deposes and says: That he is Foreman of the LAS VEGAS

MORNING SUN, a daily newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the attached was continuously published in said newspaper for a
period of two weeks from April 20, 1958 to April 27, 1958 inclusive, being the issues of said news-
paper for the following dates, to-wit: April 20, 27, 1958. That said newspaper was regularly is-

sued and circulated on each of the dates above named.

Signed ANTHONY CINA

Subscribed and sworn to before me this 5th
day of May, 1958

s/ BARBARA J. GREENSPUN
Notary Public in and for Clark County, Nevada
My Commission Expires Mar. 17, 1968