Mr. Foley stated that the $6,000 settlement was based on an appraisal by Paul
Drury in which Mr. Drury had valued the house on the property only at its
salvage value of $250.00. Mr. Foley advised the Commission that until July
of this year Mr. Brown had been receiving $50.00 a month rent from this house
and felt that the $6,000 offer should be increased $750.00 to $1,000.00.

The City Attorney reported that this house does not comply with the Building Code
and has been condemned and cannot be used.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the previous action of the Board of November 21, 1956
on the Ancell Brown property be affirmed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

Mr. Foley stated that it was the feeling of his client Susan Mankiewicz that the
offer of $4500 on her property should be increased $500. Mr. Foley stated this
request was being made because of the close proximity to the other property.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that the previous action of the Board of
October 18, 1956 on the Mankiewicz property be affirmed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

PURCHASE OF CITY PROPERTY          The proposal of Dr. Chester Lyon to purchase City property on East Charleston Boule-
Chester Lyon	vard was held in abeyance until a full Board is present, on December 19, 1956.

VARIANCE - V-21-56	Consideration was given to the application of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter

Day Sanits for a variance to construct a commercial laundry and linen supply ser-
vice on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and Bruce, in an R-4 zone.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment had
denied this application on the ground that variance procedure is not the proper
method for alleviating the hardship claimed by the applicant, and on the ground
that if the proposed use of the property for a laundry and linen supply plant is
proper, it should be authorized not by variance, but rezoning from R-4 to M-1.

His Honor asked if there were any protests to this variance. None were filed or
voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the LDS Church for variance to con-
struct a commercial laundry and linen supply service on Foremaster Lane between
North 5th and Bruce be approved subject to the signing of an agreement and posting
a bond for off-site improvements and the Clerk instructed to draft a resolution
of approval, which is hereby adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting on the 5th day of December, 1956, having considered the appli-
cation of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Sanits for variance to con-
struct a commercial laundry and linen supply service on Foremaster Lane between
North 5th and Bruce, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying
this application on the ground that variance procedure is not the proper method
of alleviating the hardship claimed by the applicant and on the ground that if
the proposed use of the property for a laundry and linen supply plant is proper,
it should be authorized hot by variance, but rezoning from R-4 to M-1;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Sanits for variance to construct a commercial laundry
and linen supply service on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and Bruce, in an
R-4 zone, be approved subject to the signing of an agreement and posting a bond
for off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the Allowing vote:	Commis-
sioners Fountain, Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker. Commissioner

Bunker disqualified himself from voting and advised the Commission that he had sold
the property to the Church. Mayor Pro Tem Whipple passed his vote on the basis
that he is the President of the Stake.

REHABILITATION FARM	 City Engineer Wade presented the request of Paul Smitley, Contractor for the Re-

Extension of Time	 habilitation Farm, for extension of time for completion from December 13, 1956

to January 7; 1957. Mr. Wade recommended this request be granted due to the fact
that access roads and water and sewage requirements still have to be met prior to
the occupancy of this building.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the request of Paul Smitley for extension of time
to January 7, 1957 for completion of the Rehabilitation Farm be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

SEWAGE TREATMENT PLANT	At this time the City Engineer requested permission to proceed in installing 100

WELL	feet of 10-3/4" casing in order to develop a shallow well for the new sewage treat-

ment plant at an approximate cost of $1,370.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Allen and Failing be authorized to proceed with the
installation of 100 feet of 10-3/4" casing to develop a shallow well for the new
sewage treatment plant at an approximate cost of $1,370.00.