BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed
to spread a copy of this Resolution on the minutes of the Books of the said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed
to send a copy of this Resolution to Mr. Robert Notti.

APPROVED this 27th day of March, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Commissioners Bunker and Sharp be appointed as repre-
sentatives of the City to the Southern Nevada Industrial Foundation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

There being no further business to came before this special meeting, Commissioner Whipple
moved the meeting adjourn at the hour of 4:45 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

3-27-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
April 3, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 3rd day of April, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 4:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioners	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Ast. City Atty.	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Whipple moved that the meeting time for the regular meeting of the Board
of Commissioners for April 3, 1957 be changed from 7:30 P.M. to 4:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioner Whipple moved that additional time on the proposed Plumbing Ordinance,
Electrical Ordinance and Warm Air Heating Ordinance be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance
concerning the licensing of astrologers and persons in similar occupations, asked for
additional time before reporting.

The Commission considered the recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition
of Werner and Berteen Wyler for the vacation of 2' on Hinkle Drive and 25th Street be ap-
proved.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing be held on this petition for vacation on
May 8, 1957 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Consideration was given to the appeal filed by Doris E. Brown of the denial of her appli-
cation for rezoning of the East 50 feet of Lots 1 through 4, Block 27, Clark's Las Vegas
Townsite (Southeast comer of 3rd and Lewis) from R-4 to C-1.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a public hearing be held on this appeal of the denial of
the application for rezoning of the East 50 feet of Lots 1 through 4, Block 27, CLVT from
R-4 to C-1 on April 17, 1957 at the hour of 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

4-3-57-Regular

SOUTHERN NEVADA
INDUSTRIAL FOUNDATION
Representatives
Appointed

CHANGE OF COMMISSION
MEETING TIME

PROPOSED ORDINANCES
Plumbing
Electrical
Warm Air Heating

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Fortune Telling and
Astrology

VACATION OF STREET -
Public Hearing Set -
Hinkle Drive

REZONING - Z-2-57
Doris E. Brown
Appeal of Denial