Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission commended Mr. Bills and other Departments who have worked on this work for
the fine report on this project.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 293 through 818 in the net amount
of $76,164.78 be approved.

Motion -seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 7077 through 7219 and 7221
through 7239 in the total amount of $62,543.12 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of June 8, 20, and 27, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the City Attorney for a leave of absence for two
weeks, commencing July 9, 1956, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At the hour of 8:45 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:l5 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

City Engineer George E. Wade reported that the installation of the storm drain on Stage I
of the Washington Street Improvement has been completed and the notice of completion filed,
on June 1, 1956. He recommended the request of the contractor for payment of the retention
due on this contract be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and payment
of $473.64 to Wells Cargo, Contractor on Stage I of the Washington Street Improvement be
authorized and warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution accept-
ing the deed from the U. S. Government to the City of Las Vegas for the property occupied
by Sewage Disposal Plant Nos. 1 and 2.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and
carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 21st day of
March, 1950, executed by the Administrator of General Services of the United States for
Project No. NEV. 26-116F and recorded on June 15, 1956 as Document #80771 in Book 97 of
Official Records in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, wherein the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada is the grantee and the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this Resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

** RESOLUTION ACCEPTING RELEASE**

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried
the following resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 10th day of July, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, that the Release dated the 21st day of March, 1950, executed by the Ad-
ministrator of General Services of the United States for Project No. Nev 26-116F and recorded
June 11, 1956 as Document #80771 in the official records in the Office of the County Recorder
of Clark County, State of Nevada, and this Resolution filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from the Clark County School District for a
35 foot right-of-way on D Street, 25 foot right-of-way on Frederick Avenue and a 25 foot
right-of way on Alexander Avenue in the vicinity of the Kit Carson School.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried unan-
imously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

PAYROLL WARRANTS



  SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

 MINUTES

LEAVE OF ABSENCE
City Attorney

WASHINGTON STREET
IMPROVEMENT

STORM DRAIN

Payment to Contractor

SEWAGE DISPOSAL PLANTS
Nos. 1 & 2

Resolution Accepting
Deed

Resolution Accepting
Release

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPT-
ING R/W DEEDS

Clark County School
District