Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time City Engineer Wade presented the request of J. A. Tiberti Construction Company,
contractor for the construction of the Fire Alarm Building, for extension to November 1,

1956 for the completion of this building. Mr. Wade explained that a generator has not
been received at the present time; it would require approximately two weeks to install
when it has been received.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request for extension of time on the completion of the Fire
Alarm Building to November 1, 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of James M. Lane for reduction of the solicitor's
license fee to the general license fee to sell the Family Record Plan of Las Angeles be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Ernie Megowan, Interstate Restaurant Supply
for reduction of the solicitor's license fee to sell food products be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request to add the name of Carl Weinheimer to the license
for the slot machines at the Silver Palace, 32 Fremont Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Frank Kozal for license for four slot machines
at Kozal's Inc., 1440 North 5th Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 362 Through 1097 in the net amount of
$76,009.67 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 8062 to 8218 inclusive
in the total amount of $283,904.06 be approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for charitable solicitations permits
be approved subject to the approval of the Solicitations Review Board:

1)	B'nai B'rith Lodge

2)	Las Vegas Business & Professional Women

3)	Nevada Tuberculosis & Health Assn-Clark County Tuberculosis Committee

4)	St. Viator's Church Altar & Rosary Society

5)	Women's Hospital Auxiliary of Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital

6)	Community Chest

7)	Veterans of Foreign Wars

8)	American Legion Silver State Drum Corps

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of September 19, 1956 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Tom Mi Dahlia for a photographer's license
be denied on the grounds of public policy and morals and in that it is found that because
of his previous record, he is unfit to be granted a photographer's license in the City
of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced eight resolutions submitted by the Nevada Municipal Asso-
ciation, approved at the spring meeting in Ely, Nevada, concerning proposed legislation,
and requested that these resolutions be approved by the Commission

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolutions be adopted:

RESOLUTION OF NEVADA MUNICIPAL ASSOCIATION

I - WHEREAS, the various public agencies within the State of Nevada are sorely in need of
fund with which to conduct the affairs of the appropriate governmental bodies,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that this Association does hereby go on record as
recommending to the 1957 Legislature the adoption of an amendment providing that 23
per cent of the sales tax revenue be returned to the City and County of governments.

II-	WHEREAS, the present sales tax law does not provide for exemption of sales tax on
materials sold to contractors incorporating such materials into public works,

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Extension of Time

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
REDUCTION
James M. Lane

Ernie Megowan

GAMING LICENSES
Addition of Name



New

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

CHARITABLE SOLICI-
TATION PERMITS

MINUTES



PHOTOGRAPHERS LICENSE
Tom Mi Dahlia
Denied



RESOLUTIONS-
Nevada Municiple
Association