Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Ramsarut Maraj for vari-
ance to operate a chiropractic office at 712 Madison, Lot 3, Block 29, HFM&M.
This application was approved ty the Board of Adjustment and Fire and Health
Departments, for a period of one year.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance he approved for one
year and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered the
application of Dr. Ramsafut Maraj to operate a chiropractic office at 712
Madison, Lot 3; Block 29, HFM&M; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment,

Fire and Health Departments approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE,it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr.
Ramsarut Maraj to operate a chiropractic office at 712 Madison, Lot 3; Block
29, HFM&M, he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote;
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The Commission considered the application of Dr. Charles I. West for extension
of time on a variance granted for him to conduct a doctor's office at 605
Wyatt Street, Lot 25, Block 3; Berkeley Square. The Board of Adjustment recom-
mended that an extension of sixty days from the December expiration, be
granted.

Commissioner Bunker moved Dr. West' he granted a sixty day extension from the
expiration period of this variance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the rezoning application of the Judy Rich
Enterprises for rezoning of the Tam Tract from M-1 and R-4 to C-2, he con-
tinued until November l6, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain,Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the application of the L.D.S. Church
for rezoning of five parcels of land located in Section 26 and 27, T20S, R6lE,
MDB&M. This rezoning is described as follows:

1)	FROM r-1 to C-2 -the West 85O feet of the South 1,067 feet of the North
1,857 feet of the NW¼ of Section 26.

2)	FROM R-1 to R-4 - The South 1,067 feet of the North 1,857 feet of the
NW¼ of Section 26, except the West 350 feet.

3)	FROM	R-1	to	R-3	-	The East 350	feet of	the	SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26.

4)	FROM	R-1	to	R-3	-	The East 350	feet of	the	NE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 26.

5)	FROM	R-1	to	C-2	-	A portion of	Section	27.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for rezoning he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner
Sharp and Mayor Baker.

The Board considered the application of Draper H. Hand to rezone the North
one-half of the NW¼ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M
from R-E to R-1. The Planning Commission recommended that only the NE¼ of
the NW¼, SW¼, NE¼ he rezoned at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Draper H. Hand to rezone the NE¼
of the NW¼ of the SW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-E to
R-1 he approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Clifford Jones for G.C. Scrimshaw
to rezone a portion of the S½ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 35,
T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to C-1. The Planning Commission approved this ap-
plication providing there are no general parking entrances or exits on Clark
Avenue.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for rezoning he approved pending
the signing of an agreement for the installation of all offsite improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

The application of Charles J. Lewis and Walter DeCourcy for rezoning of the
NE¼ of the NW¼; and the S½ of the NW¼; and the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 30,
T20S, R62E, MDB&M from R-E to R-1, was considered at this time. The Plan-
ning Commission approved this application for rezoning.

VARIANCE - V-39-55
Dr. R. Maraj

VARIANCE V-60-55

Dr. Charles I. West

REZONING Z-32-54

Tam Tract

Continued



REZONING Z-30-55
L.D.S. Church

REZONING - Z-32-55
D.H. Hand

REZONING - Z-33-55
G.C. Scrimshaw

REZONING Z-36-55
Lewis & DeCourcy