Commissioner Bunker moved the assignment of the agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements in connection with Use Permi #U-45-56 from Standard Wholesale Supply
Co. to Union Oil Compary be approved, subject to Union Oil Company posting the required
performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the easement from Valley Properties Ltd. for to feet in width for Owens
Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution
accepting the easement which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have
the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of February, 1997 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated
the 6th day of February, 1957, executed by Valley Properties; Limited to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described there-
in be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this
Board.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the easement from Homer P. Carey et ux and Harley King et ux for a portion
of the south one-half of Owens Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw
up the standard resolution accepting the easement which is hereby adopted, and the
City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated
the 18th day of February, 1957, executed by Homer P. Carey & Irene E. Carey; Harley A.

King, Evelyn L. King and Carol L. King to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried
unanimously, the deed from Bernard and Eva Hughes for 40 feet for Tobin Avenue, 60 feet
for Lexington Street and 30 feet for J Street is accepted and the City Clerk instructed
to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and
the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED,	this 20th	day of	February, 1957, by the Board of	Commissioners

of	the	City of Las Vegas,	County of	Clark,	State of Nevada, that the deed,	dated the

11th day of February, 1957 executed by Bernard Hughes and Veva Hughes to the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described there-
in be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and	that the	same be	recorded	in the office	of the County Recorder of the County

of Clark,	State of	Nevada,	and this	resolution be	filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried
unanimously, the deed from Ada Weber for the south one-half of Bracken Avenue from 6th
Street to 7th Street is accepted and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED,	this 20th	day of	February, 1957, by the Board of Commissioners

of	the	City of Las Vegas,	County of	Clark,	State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the

18th day of February, 1957, executed by Ada Weber to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is here-
by accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County

of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the deed from Donald Ream for the north one-half of Bracken Avenue from
6th Street to 7th Street and 6th and 7th Streets from the south line of Desert Park
to the intersection of Bracken Avenue, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to
draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the
City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of February, 1957 by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
28th day of June, 1956, executed by Donald L. Ream and Orpha Ream to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the deed from George and Kathleen Cobb for additional widening of Hinkle
Drive, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution
accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk authorized to have the
deed recorded.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Easement-Owens Avenue
Easement-Owens Avenue

Tobin, Lexington &

J Streets

Bracken Avenue

Bracken Avenue,

6th & 7th Streets

Hinkle Drive