Las Vegas, Nevada
April 18, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 18th day of April, 1956 was called to order at the hour
of 7-30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W.Notti

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

Works Engineer	Vic Uehling

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Engineer	George E.Wade

Mayor Baker announced that William Morse, attorney for Albert and David
Mengarelli owners of the Log Cabin Bar had requested a continuance of the
hearing on their show cause why their liquor license should not be revoked
for sale of liquor to minors.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be deferred until May 2, 1956, and
the suspension of this license continue until that time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the petition for annexation of the west 332 feet
of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 20, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M. The Planning Com-
mission recommended that this annexation be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved this annexation be approved and the City Attor-
ney instructed to prepare the ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mayor Baker presented the request of the City of Henderson for the loan of
a fire truck for a period of ninety days.

Commissioner Whipple moved that a fire truck be loaned to the City of Hen-
derson for ninety days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Director of Planning Franklin J. Bills presented supplementary information
relative to the Urban Renewal Program.

Commissioner Bunker moved this supplementary information on Urban Renewal
be approved and submitted to Housing and Home Financing Agency.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.10 for the furnishing of
Lubricants to the City be awarded to Union Oil Company who was the low bidder.

He further recommended that both the bid for the three month period and the
one year term be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted
and Bid No. 56.10 be awarded to Union Oil Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Works Engineer Vic Uehling recommended that the bid of George E. Miller on Bid
No. 56.ll for the diversion of sewer at l6th and Charleston, being the low
bidder, be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Engineer Department be ac-
cepted and Bid No. 56.11 be awarded to George E. Miller in the total amount of
$3987.30.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of Judy Rich Tract No. 2 be approved and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LOG CABIN LIQUOR
LICENSE

ANNEXATION -
Sec. 20, T20S, R6lE

FIRE EQUIPMENT LOAN

URBAN RENEWAL PROGRAM

BID NO. 56.10
Lubricants

Awarded



BID NO. 56.ll
Sewer Diversion
l6th & Charleston

JUDY RICH TRACT

