City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of the Duncan Parking Meter
Company for replacement of the old meters the City has now on the streets.
Mr. Kennedy reported that some of our original meters are beyond repair
and the City is losing a great amount of revenue due to the fact that
the meters are not operating as they should. He advised the Commission
that the Duncan Parking Meter Company is willing to supply us with 600
meters at a cost of $67.50 each, and the City will be permitted to pay for
the equipment in three installments, the first payment being due in July
of 1958 and the remaining payments in January and July of 1959. The City
Manager stated that this method of payment without interest, would allow
the City to make provision for the cost in the next budget and recommended
that this proposal be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that authorization be granted to purchase
600 parking meters from the Duncan Parking Meter Company at a cost of
$67.50 each, subject to the conditions of their proposal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy requested permission to advertise for bids for the construction
of restrooms for Lions Club Park. The City Manager reported that the rough
plumbing has previously been installed, and it is estimated that this con-
struction will cost approximately $4,590.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved that bids for the construction of the restrooms
for Lions Club Park be advertised, to be opened at the regular meeting
October 2, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the City Library for per-
mission to purchase index cabinets from Remington Rand, Inc. at a cost
of $1,401.25. Mr. Kennedy explained that this was a specialized type
of equipment and would fit in with the equipment they are presently us-
ing. Mr. Kennedy recommended this requisition be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8472 to Remington
Rand, Inc. in the total amount of $1,401.25 for index cabinets for the City
Library be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy reported that as Coordinator of Urban Renewal, Plann-
ing Director Bills will have additional duties to perform. He advised the
Commission that in this Redevelopment Program there is provision made for
payment to the Coordinator of $150.00 per month, said money to be derived
from funds advanced by the Federal Government, and recommended that Mr.
Bills' salary be increased $150.00 during this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation be accepted and Franklin Bills
be granted an increase in salary of $150.00 per month effective September
1, 1957, during the period he serves as Coordinator of Urban Renewal.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Field Engineer Kenneth Hansen has
assumed additional work since the resignation of the Director of Public
Works, and recommended that Mr. Hansen be raised from Step 2 of Schedule
32 at $595.00 per month to Step 4 of Schedule 32 at $665.00 per month.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Field Engineer Kenneth Hansen be granted
an increase from Step 2 to Step 4 of Schedule 32 which is $665.00 per month,
effective September 1, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Pursuant to the request of the Commission at the last regular meeting on
August 18, 1957 that the number of business firms doing business as whole-
sale dealers be reported on, City Manager Kennedy presented the list com-
piled to the Board. Discussion was held and it was the determination of
the Commission that no change or amendment be made to the ordinance.

Mr. Kennedy reported that progress is being made in setting up the assess-
ment district for East Charleston Boulevard. The City Manager advised the
Commission that all property owners but one have signed a petition for im-
provement of the alleys in this area.

PARKING METER
REPLACEMENT

LIONS CLUB PARK
Restroom
Construction

CITY LIBRARY -
Index Cabinets
Purchase Approved

COORDINATOR OF
URBAN RENEWAL
Salary

SALARY INCREASE
Field Engineer

WHOLESALE BUSINESS

LICENSES



PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT

East Charleston Blvd.