Motion seconded, by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the Assessment Roll for Assess-
ment District No. 200-17 be recessed until December 21, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

****** see P. 52B

Mr. Robert Cohen appeared on behalf of Mr. Raymond Salmon of the Bonanza Bar,

4l8 West Bonanza and requested that this matter be continued until the next meet-
ing. Mr. Cohen stated that Mr. Salmon had been called out of town because of the
illness of his brother.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tavern liquor license of the Bonanza Bar, 4l8 West
Bonanza be suspended until November l6, 1955 at which time Mr. Salmon is to ap-
pear to show cause why his license should not be revoked for reported sale of
liquor to minors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Mr. David Zenoff appeared before the Commission representing Mr. John Replogle
in his request for variance to construct an addition to his building at 1501
South 5th Street extending 6 feet inside the set-back line on Lot 1, Block 23,
Boulder Addition. Mr. Zenoff explained that the buildings on either side of
Mr. Replogle were closer to the property line and hide Mr. Replogle's building
from view.

Discussion was held, and the matter was taken under advisement.

At the hour of 10.35 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the
hour of 10:45 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Mr. Richardson representing 200 beauty operators appeared and protested the pro-
posed installation of a beauty college who will allow their advance students to
do hair styling at a lesser cost.

These people were advised to contact City Attorney Howard W. Cannon to draft a
proposed ordinance for submission to the Commission at the next meeting.

Director of Public Works, George E. Wade recommended that the improvements in
Twin Lakes Subdivision Tract No. 3 be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works be
accepted and these improvements accepted and the bond for Twin Lakes Subdivi-
sion Tract No. 3 be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

George E. Wade,Director of Public Works recommended that either the bid of Os-
borne Electric or Parvell Electric on Bid No. 55.18 for the furnishing of elec-
tric lamps be accepted. Mr. Wade stated that both bids allowed 42½% discount and
the products furnished were equally good.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 55.18 be awarded to Osborne Electric.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp and Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade presented the preliminary plans of the
Prison Farm prepared by Harry Hayden Whiteley and requested that payment of
$600.00 be made to Mr. Whitely.

Commissioner Fountain moved the preliminary plans on the Prison Farm be ap-
proved and Mr. Whiteley paid $600.00 for this work and signatures authorized
on the warrant when prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none;

Consideration was given to the acceptance of a right-of-way deed for a por- 
tion of West Charleston Boulevard from A1 Wendelboe and Jack Wollenzien.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

(RESOLUTION COPIED IN MINUTE BOOK NO. 10)(AT end of these

minutes)

The Commission considered the application of Gomer and Pauline Jones and
L. L. Snyder for a use permit to construct a trailer park on property loca-
ted at 1001 North Main Street, legally described as a portion of the NE¼ of
Section 27, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M in an M-1 Zone. The Board of Adjustment rec-
ommended approval of this application.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for use permit be approved and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 200-17

Hearing on Assessment
Roll

LIQUOR LICENSE SUSPENDED
Bonanza Bar



BUILDING VARIANCE

John Replogle

BEAUTY OPERATORS



TWIN LAKES #3
Release of Bond

BID NO. 55.18
Electric Lamp
Contract Awarded

PRISON FARM PLANS

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED
W. Charleston

USE PERMIT - U-33-55
Jones & Snyder

