These licenses are issued, to and pursuant to the order of the
Court in the Writ of Preliminary Injunction and are issued un-
der protest thereof. The licenses will be terminated for that
location promptly upon the dissolving of said injunction.

Motion carried by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the public hearing on the assessment roll on Assess-
ment District No. 100-36 be continued until January 4, 1956 at 7.30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes,none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of W.T. Stewart for advanced payment
of $5,000 on the property to be purchased from him for the sewage disposal
plant be approved, and the warrant issued.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of P.J., John and Rita Buckley for
a restaurant beverage license for Buckley's, 20 Fremont, for the fourth quar-
ter of 1955 be approved subject to favorable police investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont to
replace a "21" game for a Faro Bank for the fourth quarter of 1955 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy requested permission to take the $850.00 credit we
have with Gaudin Motors plus and additional $2000 and purchase a station wagon
to be used by his office.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioner Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the release
of bonds on Crestwood Tracts Nos. 4 and 5.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to sign an application for
government land.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting ayp; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36

ADVANCE PAYMENT
Sewage Disposal
Plant Property

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Buckley's
New 

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

PURCHASE OF CAR

RELEASE OF BONDS
Crestwood #4 & #5

GOVERNMENT LAND