and regulations in this type of business, and to abide by them. Mr.

Sharp also said that he personally had advised Mr. Goldring that if
there were any violations of the ordinance he personally would be in
favor of revoking his license.

Commissioner Whipple moved the package liquor and beer bar licenses
for Lester Goldring at The Pub, 1216 South Main Street be suspended
for a period of thirty (30) days commencing immediately, and at the
end of this time that Mr. Goldring appear before the Commission for
final disposition of this matter.

Mr. Murray Posin asked for leniency in this regard and explained that
this was Mr. Goldring's only means of livelihood.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple voting aye;

Mayor Baker stated he thought the penalty was a little strict and
was voting no.

This being the time heretofore set for Mr. M. C. Britton to appear before
the Board to show cause why his package liquor and beer bar licenses for
the Western Liquor Store, 6 East Charleston should not be revoked for the
sale of alcohol other than beer, for consumption on the premises, Mr.
Britton was present.

Mayor Baker told Mr. Britton that he would tell him the same thing that
Mr. Goldring had been told, that the Commission is taking steps to dis-
continue the sale of miniatures in package liquor stores to be consumed
on the premises. His Honor advised Mr. Britton that the Police Depart-
ment has plenty to do without policing these businesses for violations
of the ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker moved the package liquor and beer bar license of the
Western Liquor Store, 6 East Charleston be suspended for a period of thirty
(30) days, commencing immediately, and that Mr. Britton appear before the
Commission at the end of this time for final action on the matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that a clerk in the Sunset
Liquor Store, 1027 South Main Street had been arrested for sale of cig-
arettes to minors, permitting minors to loiter on the premises and not
registering with the Police Department as required by ordinance. The
City Manager recommended that the owner of this liquor store be noti-
fied to appear before the Board to show cause why his license should not
be revoked.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Keith S. Richards owner of the Sunset
Liquor Store be notified to appear before the Board of Commissioners on
September 18, 1957 to show cause why his package liquor and beer bar lic-
enses should not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At the hour of 7:50 P.M. Mayor Baker left the meeting, and Mayor Pro Tem
Whipple took the chair.

The Commission considered the application of Lois W. Hinman for a use per-
mit to operate a day nursery school for nine (9) children at 700 South
10th Street (Lots 31 and 32, Block 21, Wardie Addition), in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised the Board that the Board of Adjustment had
approved this application subject to conformance with the Uniform Building
Code requirements concerning Group D, Division 2 Occupancy, the signing
of an agreement and filing of a bond for the off-site improvements. Mr.
Bills stated that the agreement had been signed and a cashier's check
had been submitted as the bond.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was any one present who wished to
speak on this matter.

The following people appeared and protested the granting of this Use Permit:

Mr.	Marion B. Earl	624	South	9th

Mr.	Joseph Thiriot	621	South	9th

Mr.	A. M. Sander	707	South	10th

Mr.	E. G. Mayne	701	South	9th

Mr.	E. F. Nelson	707	South	9th

Mrs. George Crone	630 South 10th

Mrs. A. M. Sander	707 South 10th

SHOW CAUSE HEARING
Western Liquor Store
License Suspended



LIQUOR LICENSE -
Sunset Liquor Store
Cited to Show Cause
on License Revocation

USE PERMIT - U-12-57
Lois Hinman
Denied