4) The easterly entrance to be moved forty (40) feet to the east of the existing
ingress shown on the map on file with the City.

and further that signs indicating that no left-turns can be made, be posted by the Police
Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. James Snowden, licensee of Jimmy's Liquor Store appeared to show cause why
his package liquor license should not be revoked because of complaints received concerning
the financial status of his business.

The Commission was advised that Mr. Snowden's liquor store was licensed at 1400 North E
Street, but is not being operated at the present time, and that Mr. Snowden has applied
for a transfer to 607 Van Buren, but this location does not meet Building Code requirements
at the present time and the lease arrangement with the landlord has not been completed.

Mr. Snowden stated to the Board that the lease of the properly at 607 Van Buren had not
been completed due to the fact that this store is located in the same building as the
Ranch Market, who have a lease with the owner, Mr. Friednash, prohibiting a liquor store
in this building others than in the market. Mr. Snowden advised the Commission that until
this point could be rectified, the lease arrangements could not be completed.

The Commission was further advised that Mr. Snowden had not paid his license fee for the
current period. It was then determined by the Board that since there was no license in
existence that no revocation could he made. They advised Mr. Snowden that in the event
he did apply for a liquor license he would have to prove to them that he was financially
able to operate such a business before they would consider acting on such application.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1110 through 1652 in the net amount
of $76,325.83 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 8219 through 8369 and 8401
through 8426 in the total amount of $229,534.87 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Nevada Federation of Womens Clubs, District
#3, for a permit for a charitable drive, recommended for approval by the Solicitations Re-
view Board, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honorvoting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Richard C. Dykeman and Gladys Burns for
a Restaurant Beverage license at 6l4 South 5th Street, formerly issued to Harriet Cicchetti.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Richard C. Dykeman and Gladys Burns for
a Restaurant Beverage license at 614 South 5th Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following applications for licenses for the retail sale of
cigarettes and tobacco	products be approved.

CALIFORNIA CLUB	101	Fremont	Sutton Vending

CHEVRON SERVICE STATION	H & Bonanza	"	"

CHICKEN COOP	612	W. Bonanza	"	"

COUNTY ASSESSOR ANNEX	2nd	& Bridger	"	"

EL RIO GARAGE	2nd	& Ogden	"	"

KOZAL'S DAIRY BAR	l440 North 5th	"	"

DEL MAR RESORT MOTEL	l4ll South 5th	Valley Lee Vending Co.

DUO CLEANERS IN.	1320 South 5th	" "	"	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Albert Goot for license for 5 slot machines
at Park Market, 424 North 5th Street, formerly issued to Morris Diamond and Bernard Koblin,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, hone.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Kroloff Distributing for one additional slot
machine at Margo's, 8l4 West Bonanza be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of George Arquilla et al for license for one
additional Big 6 Wheel at the California Club, 101 Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9:10 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:50 P.M
with all members present as of the opening session.

JIMMY'S LIQUOR
STORE

PAYROLL WARRANTS



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

CHARITABLE SOLICITA-
TION PERMIT

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Change of Owner



CIGARETTE LICENSES

GAMING APPLICATIONS
Change of Owner



Additional

