Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of the City of Las Vegas for the
rezoning of Lots 1 and 2, Block 2. Huntridge #2, and Lot 2, Block 2 of
Huntridge #1 from C-1 to C-2. The recommendation of the Planning Commis-
sion was that this application be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning from C-1 to C-2 of Lots 1 and
2, Huntridge #2, and Lot 2, Block 2 of Huntridge #1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The final acceptance of Virginia Manor No. 2 subdivision and the release
of bond was considered at this time.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the Engineering Department
reports that the access road on Van Buren from "N" Street to Highland Ave-
nue is of a "dust coat" construction and have recommended that the same be
paved. Mr. Kennedy further reported that the Subdivider has advised the
City that their agreement with the Veterans Administration requires the
construction of a 28' strip of 2" A.C. paving of this access road, and re-
quested that verification of this requirement be secured before the Com-
mission releases the bond.

Commissioner Whipple moved the acceptance of Virginia Manor No. 2 and re-
lease of bond be held until the next regular meeting on October 2, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Consideration was given to the request of Twin Lakes Estates for extension
of time to October 1, 1957 for the completion of this subdivision.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission that the delay has been caused
by the paving contractor who is presently engaged in the improvement of the
Salt Lake Highway, and recommended that this extension of time be granted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the subdividers of Twin Lakes Estates be granted
an extension of time for completion until October 1, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Field Engineer Hansen presented the final map of Morning View Heights #2
for approval. Mr. Hansen advised the Board that the agreement for the in-
stallation of off-site improvements has been signed, and the bond filed
and approved by the City Attorney.

Mr. Hansen reported that the Engineering Department recommends this final
map be approved subject to the condition that curbs, gutters and paving
be installed on St. Louis Street from the east boundary of the subdivision
to Spencer Street, and that adequate leach lines be constructed.

Mr. Cochran, subdivider and his engineer Mr. Fred Eaton appeared before
the Commission at this time and verified the fact that they have agreed
to comply with this condition by the installation of the improvement of
St. Louis Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved the final map of Morning View Heights No. 2
be approved, subject to the construction of leach lines and the paving,
curbing and guttering of St. Louis Street from the east boundary of the
subdivision to Spencer Street, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
said map.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The Commission considered the deed from the City to the Housing Authority
of the City of Las Vegas for the property known as Marble Manor, being a
portion of the N½ of the SE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.

City Manager Kennedy requested that the Mayor be authorized to execute this
deed, which will be placed in escrow, pending payment by the Housing Author-
ity of $5,127.50. Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that this was in compli-
ance with our agreement with the Housing Authority which was approved August
15, 1956;

Commissioner Sharp moved this deed be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

REZONING -	Z-9-57

City of Las Vegas
Denied

VIRGINIA MANOR NO. 2
Acceptance & Bond
Release



TWIN LAKES ESTATES
Extension of Time

 MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS
NO. 2

Final Map Approved

DEED TO HOUSING
AUTHORITY

