in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered
the application of Gamer and Pauline Jones and L.L. Snyder to construct
a trailer park on property located at 1001 North Main Street, legally de-
scribed as a portion of the NE¼ of Section 27; T20S, R6lE, MDB&M; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Gamer and Pauline Jones and L.L. Snyder to construct a trailer park on prop-
erty located at 1001 North Main Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Lloyd Skrenes for
O.M. Kulien and Elmer and Esther Simila for variance to construct an off-
street parking lot on property at the Southeast corner of 11th and Bonne-
ville in an R-4 zone, Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2. The
Board of Adjustment recommended that this application be denied.

Mr. Skrenes appeared and requested approval for this parking lot which he
stated was badly needed.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels appeared on behalf of the Maryland Park Manor Apart-
ments, protesting the granting of this variance.

Thereafter, Commissioner Fountain moved this application for variance be ap-
proved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered the
application of O.M. Kulien and Elmer and Esther Simila to construct an off-
street parking lot on property at the Southeast comer of 11th and Bonneville
in an R-4 zone, Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment de-
nying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of O.M.
Kulien and Elmer and Esther Simila to construct an off-street parking lot on
property located at the Southeast comer of 11th and Bonneville, Lots 1 and 2,
Block 2, Maryland Tract No. 2, subject to installation of improvements in ac-
cordance with City ordinances, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the First Church of Christ Scientist
to build to the rear property line at the comer of 7th and Bridger on Lots 29
and 30, Block 6, Wardie Addition, in an R-3 zone. The Board of Adjustment reco-
mended that this application Bor variance be approved. No objections were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved and the fol-
lowing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered the
application of the First Church of Christ Scientist to build to the rear property
line at the comer of 7th and Bridger on Lots 29 and 30, Block 6, Wardie Addi-
tion; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
First Church of Christ Scientist to build to the rear property line at the cor-
ner of 7th and Bridger on Lots 29 and 30, Block 6, Wardie Addition, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

At this time the application of Lawrence Sage to continue use of residential and
business trailers at 702 North "A" Street, Lots 1 and 2, Block 32, Original Las
Vegas Townsite, was considered. The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
was that this application for variance be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be ac-
cepted and this application for variance denied, and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 2nd day of November, 1955, having considered the
application of Lawrence Sage to continue use of residential and business trailers
at 702 North "A" Street, Lots 1 and 2, Block 32, Original Las Vegas Townsite; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment deny-
ing this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Lawrence
Sage to continue use of residential and business trailers at 702 North "A" Street,
Lots 1 and 2, Block 32, Original Las Vegas Townsite, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

VARIANCE - V-36-55
Kulien & Simila

VARIANCE v-37-55
First Church of Christ
Scientist



VARIANCE - V-38-55
Lawrence Sage