houses 5 feet on every other lot. This requirement of the FHA made it impossible to
comply with City regulations, consequently an application for variance was made to the
Board of Adjustment, who subsequently denied said application.

Mr. Houssels stated that since the denial of this application for variance that he and
Planning Director Bills had met with representatives of the FHA and a compromise had been
reached in that FHA would permit a staggering of the houses 2½ feet instead of the 5 feet
originally stipulated.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that he had contacted four of the five
members of the Board of Zoning Adjustment relative to the compromise and each of said members
indicated they would approve an application for variance of 2½ feet on these lots.

Mr. Houssels pointed out that this was a hardship case since the securing of financing
was difficult and the house as designed, being fifty feet, could not be placed on the lot
in any other manner to meet requirements of both the City and FHA. He advised the
Commission that Mr. Van Buskirk stood to lose his initial investment if the variance was
not granted, and undoubtedly the City would stand to lose a $100,000 construction program.

Mayor Baker asked if Mr. Van Buskirk intended to proceed with this construction if the
variance was granted, and was advised that he would.

At the hour of 7:45 P. M. Commissioner Sharp arrived at the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved the appeal of E. W. Van Buskirk of the denial of his application
for variance of the frontyard and rear yard requirements of certain lots in Blocks 26,

27, and 28, Charleston Heights #4 be granted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 17th day of October, 1956, having held a public hearing on
the appeal of E. W. Van Buskirk of the denial by the Board of Adjustment of his application
for variance of front and rear yard setback requirements on certain lots in Blks 26,27 and
28 of Charleston Heights, Unit No. and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment and the
facts presented by the applicant in support of his application for variance, which facts
show that the FHA has waived some of its requirements, and which facts show a hardship and
a proper case to grant a variance,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners that the amended
application of E. W. Van Buskirk for a variance of 2½ feet less than the normal 25 foot front
yard setback requirement on the following lots:

Charleston Heights Unit Block 26, Lots 40 and 41; Block 27, Lots 2,
4,9,10,13,14,65,66,69,70,73,74,77, and 78; Block 28, Lots 2,3,6,7,10 and l4

and a 2½ foot variance from the normal 25 foot rear yard setback requirement on the
following lots:

Charleston Heights Unit #4, Block 27, Lots 7,8,11,12,67,68,75 and 76; Block
28, Lots 4,5 and 13

be and the same hereby is approved and the Building Department authorized to issue the
necessary permits for said construction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote.

VARIANCE -V-l4-56	At this time the Commission considered the application of Phil Shanedling Investment Com-

Phil Shanedling	pany for a variance to construct a service station at the NE corner of Bonanza Road and the

Investment Co.	Tonopah Highway.

The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was that this application for variance be
denied since an extremely hazardous traffic situation exists in this vicinity created
by the intersection design of Rancho and West Bonanza Roads, the existing commercial develop-
ment, the fire station and the heavy amount of traffic carried by these two main arteries
and because filling stations are one of the greatest creators of over the curb traffic.

The Traffic and Parking Commission also recommended that the application be denied as this
is now a potentially hazardous intersection and a service station would only increase the
hazard.

Mr. Louis Wiener, representing Phil Shanedling Investment Company was present and explained
to the Commission that it was contemplated that this service station would only be dispensing

20,000	gallons of gasoline per month which would be approximately 630 gallons per day. He
further advised that the station would only be open sixteen hours a day, and would mean
that as far as the traffic hazard created by cars coming and going to the station, there
would only be between seven and nine customers per hour.

Discussion followed on the design of the service station, and its access road was discussed
and changed to minimize the traffic hazard that had been set out by the Board of Adjustment
and Traffic and Parking Commission. A map showing the new design was then presented to the
Commission by Louis Wiener, attorney for the applicant.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be approved subject to
the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-site improvements and the filing
of a bond, said agreement to include:

1)	Paving to a line approximately 6 feet from the property line, continuous from
the center line of the existing right-of-way.

2)	No curb between the center line of the highway and property line, except curbs
adjacent to the sidewalk area.

3)	Installation of street lights.

10-17-56