Las Vegas, Nevada
August 15, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this l5th day of August, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Atty	Ralston O. Hawkins

Asst. Planning Director	Shawnee Stewart

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D. Baker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

At this time Hyman Jones and J. G. Jenkins, Elders of the Church of God and Christ appeared
before the Board to request permission to preach on the streets in the vicinity of F and
Jackson. Mssrs. Jones and Jenkins asked that they be permitted to preach for a period of
four weeks commencing August 15th, from 7:30 P.M. until 10:30 P.M.

His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked these applicants to contact the Police Department
relative to the restrictions to using the streets for this purpose.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Hyman Jones and J. G. Jenkins be granted per-
mission to preach on the streets in the vicinity of F and Jackson for a four week period
from 7:30 P. M. until 10:30 P.M., subject to the limitations imposed by the Police De-
partment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the request of Stanley Lowe, operator of the State Outfitting,
1208 Stewart Street, for reduction of the solicitor's license fee. Mr. Lowe's affidavit
indicated that he would like permission to license his collectors so that they can solicit
orders.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Stanley Lowe of the State Outfitting, 1208
Stewart for reduction of the solicitor's license fee to the minimum license fee be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Assistant Director of Planning, Shawnee Stewart advised the Commission that the tentative
map of Morning View Heights #2 had been deferred from the Commission meeting of August 1,
1956 for check of the drainage. Mr. Stewart stated that in addition to this, the Planning
Commission has not yet received any information on the arrangement of the subdivider with
the Power Company and the School District.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that action on the tentative map of Morning View
Heights #2 be deferred.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the appeal of the denial of the application of E. W. Van Bus-
kirk for front yard variances of certain lots in Blocks 26,27,& 28 of Charleston Heights #4.

Commissioner Sharp moved the public hearing on the appeal of the denial of this application
for variance be held September 5, 1956 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.39 for the furnishing
of Reproduction Paper and Supplies be awarded to the only bidder, Mercury Blue Print in
the total amount of $1,307.51.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.39 be awarded to Mercury Blue Print in the
total amount of $1,307.51

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Board considered the final map of Sunset Manor which is a portion of the original
tentative map of Sunset Manor, City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that there is a
change of ownership in this tract, which has been recorded. Mr. Wade recommended approval
of this plat.

Commissioner Fountain moved the final map of Sunset Manor #2 be approved and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and Carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

PERMIT FOR
STREET PREACHING

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE
Reduction
Stanley Lowe



MORNINGVIEW HEIGHTS
Tentative Map

VARIANCE APPEAL
V-ll-56

Public Hearing Set



BID NO. 56.39
Reproduction Paper
& Supplies

Awarded



SUNSET MANOR #2
Final Map