Commissioner Whipple asked Mr. Woodruff if it wasn't true that the Police De-
partment had offered to return his automobile on two occasions.

Mr. Woodruff stated that he was advised that the only way he could have his
car is by payment of the towing and storage charges.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be taken under advisement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 10802 to 11291 in the
net amount of $66,347.81 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 5695 to 5S3O in
the total amount of $89,737.63 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of February 1 and 6, 1956 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following new gaming applications for the first
quarter of 1956 be approved:

CARSON CAFE	Ann T. Bunnell &

Raymond Cox	6th & Carson	3 slots

SUZIE'S DESERT

SNACK BAR	Vegas Enterprises	222 North Main	2 slots

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Yellow Cab Company, 115 South Main
Street for renewal of their license for 35 taxicabs be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9.00 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the
hour of 9-35 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission again considered the application of Don Atkin for rezoning of
a portion of the NW½ of the NE¼ of Section 2, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to C-1.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application be approved subject to the follow-
ing conditions of the Planning Commission.

1.	That the property be developed according to the plot plan submitted.

2.	That construction be commenced within five months and completed within
an additional twelve months.

3.	That all off-site improvements be installed and completed within 17
months.

and subject to the further conditions:

1.	That there be dedicated a 60 foot right-of-way on the west side of
this property from Charleston Boulevard to the Crestwood School, to
be paved from Charleston to Peyton Drive.

2.	That the west half of Bruce Street from Peyton Street to Houston Drive
be improved by the installation of paving.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker,Fountain and Whipple voting aye; noes, Commissioner Sharp and
Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp stated that his firm maybe the consultant archi-
tect on this project, but that there was no agreement at this time, and that he
felt that Bruce Street should run through from the north to the south city
limits. Mayor Baker stated that he did not feel that the specific information
that is necessary to vote on the matter has been presented and that the street
circulation and traffic is not adequate.

Commissioner Fountain moved the report on a workable program for urban renewal
in the City of Las Vegas presented by the Planning Commission be approved and
submitted to the Housing and Home Finance Agency.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of R.H. Pero for a sixty day extension
on the installation of sidewalk along Lot H of Park Place Addition be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.2 for the furnishing of
seed and fertilizer be awarded to the low bidder, the Garden Center.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

GAMING APPLICATIONS



TAXI APPLICATION

REZONING - Z-2-56
Don Atkin

URBAN RENEWAL

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION
R.H. Pero



BID NO. 56.2 - Awarded
Seed & Fertilizer