NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Harley E. Harmon for a use permit to construct a professional office buil-
ding on Lots 13 to 16, Block 9, Pioneer Heights Addition be and the same
is hereby approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of
Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Joseph G. Roberts to convert
the front portion of an existing dwelling into a professional office at
210 South 10th Street (Lots 22 and 23, Block 6, Pioneer Heights Addition).
This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to in-
stallation of off-site improvements.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of March, 1956, having considered the
application of Joseph G. Roberts for a use permit to convert the front portion
of an existing dwelling into a professional office at 210 South 10th Street
(Lots 22 and 23, Block 6, Pioneer Heights Addition); and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application subject to the installation of any off-site im-
provements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Joseph G. Roberts for a use permit to convert the front portion of an
existing dwelling into a professional office at 210 South loth Street be
and the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions set forth by
the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the Southern Nevada Power
Company for a use permit to install an electric power substation on Lots
11 through 13 of Block 5, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, situated on the
east side of Main Street between Bridger and Lewis. This application was
approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to compliance with the archi-
tectural sketches submitted and all known devices to reduce the safety
hazards.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit.

Mr. William Singleton, representing William Elwell and Naomi Uptigrove
appeared before the Board to protest the granting of this use permit.

Mr. Singleton stated that they protested on the basis that the erection
of this structure would have a detrimental affect on the area.

Mr. Peter Kuvelis appeared on behalf of Mrs. Marie Kuvelis and protested
this use permit. Mr. Kuvelis stated that they had owned the property at
319 South Main Street since 1936 and are planning to build a small hotel
at this location. He stated that if a substation is constructed at this
location, it will be almost impossible to rent rooms.

Mr. Lloyd Payne, 4l5 South 3rd, and Mr. Glen Thurmon of 4l4 South 1st
Street also appeared in protest.

Thereafter Mr. V. Gray Bubler, representing the Southern Nevada Power Company
appeared before the Board. He explained to the Commission that it was a
necessity that a substation be constructed before summer to provide power
for the Fremont Hotel at 2nd and Fremont. He presented letters from resi-
dents adjacent to the substation at Main and Garves indicating that this
station in no way interfered with their radio and television interception.

He stated that the Power Company had attempted to purchase property from
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, but had been advised that there was no
property available.

At the hour of 9.20 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at
the hour of 9.35 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

City Attorney Howard Cannon stated that this type of use is permitted in
an M-1 zone and a use permit can be granted if the Board determines that such
use is a public service and is necessary for the public convenience and
welfare.

Commissioner Whipple stated that he was in sympathy with the property owners,
but this is a situation where an application is made for something permitted
in an M-1 zone and no evidence has been submitted why the Board should not
grant this use permit. He moved that the recommendation of the Board of Ad-
justment be accepted and the following resolution adopted:

USE PERMIT U-8-56
Joseph G. Roberts

USE PERMIT U-9-56
Southern Nevada Power Co.