Las Vegas, Nevada
October 2, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held this 2nd day of October, 1957 was called to order
at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Mr. Lester Goldring, owner of The Pub, 1216 South Main Street and his
attorney Murray Posin appeared before the Commission at this time rela-
tive to his package liquor and beer bar licenses which had been suspended
on September 4, 1957 for thirty days.

Mr. Goldring was advised by the Commission that he could reopen his es-
tablishment the morning of October 4, 1957.

Mrs. Stephanie Hurley appeared before the Commission relative to the con-
struction of accessory buildings in an R-E zone. Mr. Hurley advised the
Board that she was specifically concerned with that area between West
Charleston Boulevard, Edgewood Drive, Rancho Board and Rancho Drive
wherein there has been constructed a very large structure which the
owner declares is an accessory building for his hobby and a library.

The City Attorney advised the Commission that accessory buildings are
permitted. Mr. Cannon stated that he had contacted the Building Depart-
ment relative to this matter and they had advised him that the building
meets the code requirements. The City Attorney further stated that the
owner contends that it is an accessory building which will only be used
for his individual pleasure.

Discussion was held by the Board and the City Attorney was requested to
prepare an amendment to the ordinance which would limit the construction
of accessory buildings on a square footage basis.

Attorney David Zenoff was present at this time, representing the Las Vegas
Motel Association to request an amendment to the City's ordinance concern-
ing price advertising. Mr. Zenoff pointed out that since the adoption of
Ordinance No. 731 the adverse publicity and criticism of this type of bus-
iness has been cut to a minimum. He explained that there are still a
few motels that are using misleading advertising such as "Members of the
$5.00 Motel Association", "$5.00 Turf Motel", etc., when actually the
motel does not have rooms that rent at this rate.

Mr. Zenoff requested that the Commission consider amendment of the present
ordinance which would prohibit false or misleading advertising and also
prohibit the use of numbers or numerals of any kind for motel outdoor ad-
vertising. Mr. Zenoff further asked that this be considered as an emer-
gency measure.

Mr. Bridgeman of the Motel Association was present, and advised the Board
that the National President of the American Mote-Hotel Association had
complimented Las Vegas and Clark County for the apt way they have combatted
and handled price advertising.

Mr. Murray Posin, representing the Southern Nevada Motel Association ap-
peared before the Commission and requested that action be deferred on the
proposed amendment to the ordinance until the Supreme Court of the State
of Nevada has made a decision on the constitutionality of this type of
ordinance.

Mayor Baker stated that the City is interested not only in the Courts of
Law and the operators of the motels, but the effect the operation of this
business and misleading advertising has on the community, and the damage
to people who come here to visit. His Honor further stated that it is
his opinion that it is in the public interest to strengthen the law so
there can be no further jeopardy to the customers of this business and the
community.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be considered as an emergency measure
and the City Attorney requested to prepare an ordinance for introduction
to committee.

LIQUOR LICENSE
The Pub

ACCESSORY BUILDINGS

ORDINANCE NO. 731
Hotel-Motel Outdoor
Advertising