At this time consideration was given to the proposed easement for Highland Drive between
West Bonanza and West Charleston Boulevard, and the agreement with the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company covering the improvement of the same.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, a proposed agreement between the Union Pacific Railroad Company and City of Las
Vegas whereby the Railroad Company grants to the City of Las Vegas an easement and right
of way for highway purposes, including the right to construct, install and thereafter main-
tain sewers and storm drains and to grant to others the right to install and maintain
pole lines and pipe lines over, along and across portions of Sections 28 and 33, T20S, R61E,
MDB&M, City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

WHEREAS, the Council of the City of Las Vegas has said proposed agreement before it
and has given it careful review and consideration; and

WHEREAS, it is considered that the best interest of said City of Las Vegas will be
subserved by the acceptance of said agreement;

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE COUNCIL OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

That the terms of the agreement submitted by the Railroad Company as aforesaid be,
and the same are hereby accepted in behalf of said City;

That the Mayor of said City is hereby authorized, empowered and directed to execute
said agreement on behalf of said	City and that	the City Clerk of	said City	is hereby	author-
ized and directed to attest said	agreement and	to attach to each	duplicate	original of	said

agreement a certified copy of this resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple	and His Honor	voting aye; noes,	none.

Commissioner Fountain introduced	and moved the	adoption of the following resolution:

WHEREAS, there was presented to the City Council a form of agreement between the
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
LOS ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY and its Lesse, UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY,
corporations of the State of Utah, covering the improvement of proposed highway between Bonanza
Road and Charleston Boulevard in Las Vegas, Nevada,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED; That the form of agreement between the City of Las
Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, corporations of
the State of Utah, covering the improvement of proposed highway between Bonanza Road and
Charleston Boulevard in Las Vegas, be, and the same is hereby approved, and the Mayor and Clerk
of said City are authorized and directed to execute said agreement for and on behalf of the
said City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the tentative map of the Hollydale Tract Subdivision, the same
being ten (10) acres located in the W½ of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 20, T20S, R61E,MDB&M.

Commissioner Bunker moved this tentative map be rejected in its present form due to the fact
there are two half streets in the proposed subdivision.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Commission considered the right-of-way design for San Francisco Avenue as
proposed by the Planning Commission.

PLanning Director Bills explained that it was proposed that the setback on San Francisco from
the Boulder Highway to Paradise Road be sixty feet on the City's side or north side of the
Street and ninety feet on the County's side or south side of the street. He further reported
that from Paradise Road to South 5th Street it was proposed that the setback be eighty feet
on the north side and seventy feet on the south side.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and the
design and proposed setbacks for San Francisco Avenue from the Boulder Highway to South 5th
Street approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission for the
installation of a traffic signal at Fremont and Bruce intersection when funds are available
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of the City of Las Vegas to construct a fire station
north of West Charleston Boulevard and east of Hyde Park, legally described as a portion of the
NW¼ of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of Section 31-20-61, in an R-1 zone, as approved by the
Board of Adjustment.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this use permit. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for Use Permit be approved and the following re-
solution adopted:

HIGHLAND DRIVE
AGREEMENT & EASEMENT
UPPR

HOLLYDALE SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map



SAN FRANCISCO AVENUE
Design & Setback

TRAFFIC SIGNAL
Fremont & Bruce

USE PERMIT-U-41-56
City of Las Vegas
Fire Station Site