Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
for denial of this application for Use Permit be accepted without prejudice
to the applicant to resubmit a proper application.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission again considered the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking
Commission that one-hour parking restrictions be imposed on the north and south
sides of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets. The Board was advised that peti-
tions have been filed by the property owners on both sides of the street re-
questing this restriction.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Traffic and
Parking Commission that one-hour parking restrictions be imposed on the north
and south sides of Ogden between 7th and 8th Streets, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At the hour of 8:20 P.M. Mayor Baker left the meeting, and Mayor Pro Tem
Reed Whipple took the Chair.

City Engineer George Wade advised the Commission that informal bids for the
City's Lot Clean Up Program had been received, as authorized at the last re-
gular meeting on April 17; 1957; from the following firms:

Per Hour

PAUL MATHIS dba M.W.S.	$23.00	Cleaning	&	Burning

EQUIPMENT COMPANY	19.00	Burning	only

15.50	Cleaning only

GEO. E. MILLER	$28.30

WELLS CARGO	$26.68

E. M. KAUFIELD & SON	$29.63

Mr. Wade recommended that the bid of Paul Mathis dba M.W.S. Equipment be
accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the bid of
Paul Mathis dba M.W.S. Equipment on the Lot Clean Up Program in the estimated
amount of $2,000.00 for labor and equipment @ $23.00 per hour for Cleaning
and Burning, $19.30 per hour for Burning only and $13.30 per hour for Cleaning
only, be approved and awarded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of V. T. Hobbs to be added to the
Race Horse Book license of Dave Stearns at the Derby Turf Club, 113 South 1st
Street. The Commission was advised that the Police Department recommended
unfavorably on this application.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the applica-
tion of V. T. Hobbs to be added to the Race Horse Book license at the Derby
Turf Club, 113 South 1st Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and seconded by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the
retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the Supervi-
sor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

BLACKETT'S DRIVE INN	2100 South 5th	M. E. Blackett

LAKE APARTMENTS	324 Cincinatti	Sutton Vending

PANCAKE HOUSE	1404	Fremont	Ditto

NATIONAL GUARD	23th	& Stewart	Ditto

FLYING "A" SERVICE STATION     Tonopah Road	Ditto

BLACKHAWK CAFE	1300	C. Street	Ditto

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The Commission considered the application of Jeanne Baker for a secondhand
dealer's license at Baker's Bargain House, 810 South 5th Street. The Commission
was advised that the Police Department recommended unfavorably on this appli-
cation.

Commissioner Sharp moved that on the basis of the recommendation of the Police
Department the application of Jeanne Baker for a secondhand dealer's license
at Baker's Bargain House, 810 South 5th Street be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Mayor Baker.

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at
the hour of 8:.50 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session with
the exception of Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. A. G. Neumeyer, subdivider of the proposed Judy Rich Tract No. 2 appeared
before the Commission at this time and requested reconsideration of his re-
quest for extension of time for the completion of off-site improvements in
his proposed subdivision. Mr. Neumeyer stated that he was present due to the
fact that he thought there was some misunderstanding as to the ownership of this

ONE-HOUR PARKING
Ogden, Between
7th & 8th

LOT CLEAN UP BIDS

GAMING LICENSE
Change of Partner
Derby Turf
Denied

CIGARETTE LICENSES

SECOND HAND DEALERS
LICENSE
Jeanne Baker
Denied

JUDY RICH TRACT
NO. 2

Extension of Time