(a) Total gross motor vehicle sales shall be reported whether or not a trade-

in allowance is made. Such sale shall include the charge for freight and handling passed
on to the customers and shall represent the total invoice price paid or to be paid by
the customer.

(b)	Total gross retail sales of parts and accessories including materials such
as gas, oil, grease, etc.

(c)	The total sums of (a) and (b) above shall constitute the complete total for
reporting properly the amount of sales to determine the license fee due the City.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Supervisor of License and Revenue be instructed
and authorized to collect the correct amount of license fee determined by the foregoing
formula and that a copy of this Resolution be forwarded to each licensed new car dealer
within the City.

APPROVED and ADOPTED this 6th day of February; 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos presented the request of the Superintendent of Parks to install rough plumbing
in the Lions Club Park and the proposal of Southern Nevada Plumbing Company in the total
amount of $612.14.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved and a purchase order issued to Southern
Nevada Plumbing Company in the total amount of $612.14 for the installation of rough
plumbing at Lions Club Park.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Administrative Assistant Boos presented the request of the City Attorney for salary in-
crease of Assistant City Attorney Ralston O. Hawkins. Mr. Boos stated that Mr. Hawkins
was presently on Step 5 of Schedule 31 and it was requested that he be advanced to Step
4 of Schedule 33 which would be an increase from $665.00 to $703.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved and Assistant City Attorney Ralston
Hawkins be advanced from Schedule 31, Step 5 to Schedule 33, Step 4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Administrative Assistant Robert Boos advised the Commission that Fred Callihan of Public
Works Department was ill and had used his allotted sick leave. He recommended, however,
that Mr. Callihan be granted an additional thirty days of sick leave.

Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and Fred Callihan granted thirty days
additional sick leave.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted and a copy sent to Nevada
Outdoor Advertising Company:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the prevention of traffic accidents is one of the greatest challenges
facing the American people today; and

WHEREAS, the law enforcement agencies are continually bringing to the attention
of drivers and pedestrians the necessity of being ever alert to prevent accidents; and

WHEREAS, Mr. Dick Elkins of the Nevada Outdoor Advertising Co., Inc. of 1217
South "A" Street, Las Vegas, Nevada, has installed as a public service, a large sign at
the Southeast Corner of Fifth and Charleston in the interest of public safety, which
sign reads "BACK THE ATTACH ON TRAFFIC ACCIDENTS - WALK CAREFULLY - DRIVE SAFELY" and
contains the signatures of the Chief of Police and the Sheriff of Clark County; and

WHEREAS, it is felt because of its prominence and location on heavily traveled
thoroughfares, the sign contributes much to public awareness of the accident problem;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day of February, 1957; that said City,
by this Resolution, expresses its gratitude and appreciation to Dick Elkins and the
Nevada Outdoor Advertising Co., Inc. for their interest and participation in helping
prevent traffic accidents and thereby helping to insure to the citizens of Las Vegas a
safer community in which to live.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed to
spread a copy of this Resolution on the Minutes of the Books of said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
send a copy of this Resolution to Mr. Dick Elkins and the Nevada Outdoor Advertising
Co., Inc.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Boos advised the Commission that he had received a memorandum from Chief Ray Sheffer
commending Officer Romar Scott for his act of valor in stopping a. run away car on January

24, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved an appropriate resolution be prepared and this resolution made
a part of Officer Scott's Personnel file.

LIONS CLUB PARK
Parking

SALARY INCREASE
Asst. City Attorney

SICK LEAVE EXTENSION
Fred Callihan

RESOLUTION



RESOLUTION -
Officer Scott