Commissioner Bunker moved that bids for the construction of the proposed new fire
stations on East and West Charleston Boulevard be opened on August 15, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request for partial payment on the purchase of 12,000
feet of 2½" fire hose in the total amount of $24,5l6.00 to Seagrave Company, and recommended
approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and the
warrant to Seagrave Company in the amount of $24,516.00 approved and signatures authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the request of the Fire Department to purchase a used fire truck
from the Seagrave Company in the amount of $600.00. City Manager Kennedy recommended
approval of this request and advised the Commission that this piece of equipment would
be used as reserve apparatus. He further explained that the truck has been turned to
Seagrave Company by the City and had been allowed $1200.00 in trade.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and authori-
zation granted for the purchase of this piece of fire fighting equipment from the Seagrave
Company in the total amount of $600.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 7241 in the total amount of
$2500.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy reported to the Commission at this time that investigations had been
made concerning the operation of the animal shelter by the Clark County Humane Society.

He stated that the request of the City for an audit of the financial status of the Society
as to what moneys had been spent in the construction of the new building, where this money
had been derived from and how much money would be coming in toward the operation of the
shelter was not ready and would not be so for several days. Mr. Kennedy stated that the
City had been requested to provide and construct kennels for 40 dogs and 30 cats, certain
electrical installations for cooling and toilet facilities and to hire additional personnel.

He advised the Commission that electrical installations had been made and qualified
personnel had been recommended for employment.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that the City take over the operation of the animal shelter for a
period of ninety days, during which time the shelter could be put in a workable condition
so that bids can be secured for a new contract for the operation of said animal shelter.

Mrs. Sallie Murphy was present and urged that the City also consider the operation of the
animal shelter from the standpoint of those people who are true animal lovers. Mrs.

Murphy suggested that five people interested in animal welfare work be appointed to assist
the City in the operation of the shelter during this 90 day period.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved and he be authori-
zed to request the services of anybody to assist him in the management of the animal shelter
for 90 days; further that the Clark County Humane Society be notified their contract with
the City is terminated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to apply for the water rights of the McNeil well
in order that the City can obtain additional water needs for the Golf Course. Mr. Kennedy
stated that Mr. Thomas Beam was willing to deed his rights in the McNeil well to the
City for $1,000.00.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that authorization be granted to pay Thomas Beam
$1,000.00 for a acquisition of the deed for this water right, subject to the approval of
the State Engineer of the application for change in the point of diversion.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following salary increases be supervisory personnel, effective
July 1, 1956:

Kennedy, A. H.	City Manager	$1,250.00

Boos, Robert F.	Administrative Asst.	700.00

Notti, Robert W.	Dir. Public Records

and Information	700.00

Wade, George E.	Dir. Public Works	1,000.00

Trelease, Arthur	Act. Supv. Building

and Safety	700.00

Bessent, C. L.	City Electrician	550.00

Anton, Louis	Supt. of Sanitation	700.00

Maynard, Louis P.	Maintenance Supt.	500.00

Bills, Franklin J.	Director of Planning	850.00

Sheffer, Ray	Acting Chief of Police	800.00

Gates, Elmer	Fire Chief	800.00

Laird, Harold	Director of Finance	750.00

Hadland, Kenneth	Superintendent of Parks	625.00

Trent, H. B.	Supt. of Recreation	625.00

Ballinger, Shirley	City Clerk	300.00

McKinster, Reba	City Librarian	475.00

Walker, Margaret	City Treasurer	410.00

Smith, Ken	Acting supt. Street &	Garage	700.00

FIRE STATIONS - NEW
Call for Construction
Bids

FIRE HOSE

Purchase Authorized

FIRE TRUCK
Purchase Authorized

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANT

ANIMAL SHELTER
&

CLARK COUNTY HUMANE
SOCIETY CONTRACT

GOLF COURSE WELL
Water Rights
McNeil Well

SALARY INCREASES