wherever said improvements are missing, together with such appurtenances as may
be required, as more particularly shown by the plats, diagrams and plans of the
work and locality to be improved now on file in the office of the City Clerk of
the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 3. That the streets and parts of streets which are to be
so improved, wherever said improvements are missing, are the following:

OWENS AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H" Street to the center line
of "B" Street; HARRISON AVENUE, VAN BUREN AVENUE, JACKSON AVENUE,

MONROE AVENUE, MADISON AVENUE, WASHINGTON AVENUE, AND MORGAN AVENUE
from the Westerly line of "H" Street to the Easterly line of "A"

Street; ADAMS AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H" Street to the
Easterly line of "D" Street and from the Westerly line of "C" Street
to the Easterly line of "A" Street; MCWILLIAMS AVENUE from the Westerly
line of "H" Street to the Westerly right-of-way line of the Union
Pacific Railroad; WILSON AVENUE from the Westerly line of "H" Street
to the Westerly line of the Union Pacific Railroad; "H" STREET, "G"

STREET, "F" STREET, "E" STREET, "D" STREET, AND "C" STREET from the
northerly line of Bonanza Road to the Northerly line of Owens Avenue;

"B" STREET from its intersection at "A" Street to the Northerly line
of Owens Avenue; "A" STREET from the South line of the East-West alley
in Block 2, Original Las Vegas Townsite as recorded in Book 1, Page 46,
of Plats, Clark County Records, to an intersection with the Eastwardly
projection of the South line of Owens Avenue.

SECTION 4. That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements,
including all incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed,
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys,
plans, assessments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation
properly charged in the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by
special assessments made according to the benefits against the owners and the
assessable lots, premises and property specially benefited by such improvements
and included within said District proportionately to the benefits received. The
entire cost and expense of making said improvements are deemed to be $710,104.75
and the total of the special assessments so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 5. That in no case shall the amount of any special assessment
upon any such lot or premises exceed 100% of the value of such lot or premises
as shown upon the latest tax list or assessment roll for State and County taxation,
but such cost in excess of 100% shall be borne by the City of Las Vegas and paid
out of the General Fund.

SECTION 6. That the County Assessor of the County of Clark and State
of Nevada, the Acting Ex-Officio City Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
shall prepare, and is hereby empowered, authorized and directed to make forthwith,
an assessment roll in the manner provided by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, and shall assess each lot and parcel of land embraced within the afore-
mentioned Special Assessment District, such relative portion of the whole sum to
be levied in said District, as shall be proportionate to the estimated benefit re-
sulting to such lot or parcel of land from the improvement.

SECTION 7. That when said Ex-Officio City Assessor shall have completed
the assessment, he shall report the same to the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas. Such report shall be signed by him and made in the form of a certi-
ficate endorsed on the assessment roll, which certificate shall be in the form
prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 8. That after said special assessment roll shall have been pre-
pared and reported to said Board, it shall be filed in the office of the City Clerk,
and numbered.

SECTION 9. That before said special assessment roll is adopted and con-
firmed by said Board, any person objecting to the assessment may file his objection
thereto with the City Clerk on or before Wednesday, the 19th day of October, 1955,
at 8:00 o'clock P.M., at the City Hall in said City, and said time and place are
hereby fixed as the time and place when and where said Board and said County
Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to hear and consider objections to
said special, assessment roll and to review said assessment.

SECTION 10. That after filing said special assessment roll with the
City Clerk, she shall publish notice of the time said Board and said Ex-Officio
City Assessor will meet to review the assessments at least once a week for two
weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City
of Las Vegas. Said notice shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas.

SECTION 11. That at said time appointed for reviewing the assessments
as aforesaid, the Board of Commissioners and the Ex-Officio City Assessor shall
meet and then, or at some adjourned meeting, review the assessments and hear any
objection to said assessments which may be made by any person deeming himself
aggrieved thereby, and shall decide the same; and said Board may correct the same
as to any assessment or description of the premises appearing therein, and may con-
firm and approve it as reported or as corrected, or said Board may refer the
assessment back to said Ex-Officio City Assessor for revision, or annul it and
direct a new assessment in which case the assessment shall be made anew.

SECTION 12. That when said special assessments shall be confirmed, the
City Clerk shall make an indorsement upon the roll showing the date of confirmation
which shall be in the form prescribed by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

9-21-55