described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of an
alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be at-
tached to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this
resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

* * * *

The Commission considered four deeds for 20' alley dedications on the
south side of East Charleston, commencing at 15th Street easterly to
17th Street, being Charleston Square Tract No. 1, Block 1:

1. Vincent V. and Dorothee Novotny
     2. Hale B. and Ruth M. Slavin

3.	Jacob E., Edward J., and George W. Von Tobel

4.	Ival and Virginia Hoover.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada
that the deed dated the 13th day of August, 1957, executed by Vincent V.
Novotny and Dorothee Novotny, husband and wife; that the deed dated the
3rd day of June, 1957, executed by Hale B. Slavin and Ruth M. Slavin,
husband and wife; that the deed dated the 20th day of May, 1957, execu-
ted by Jacob E. Von Tobel, Edward J. Von Tobel and George W. Von Tobel;
and that the deed dated the 6th day of September, 1957, executed by
Ival Hoover and Virginia Hoover, husband and wife to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of an
alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.



The Board considered the quitclaim deeds from Mastercraft Homes for a
20' alley in Charleston Square Tract No. 2, Block 1, and Charleston
Square Tract No. 4, Block 1.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deeds dated the 30th day of April, 1957, executed by Mastercraft
Homes, Incorporated by A. E. Tiffany, President, and 0. A. Bell, Secretary;
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the pur-
poses of an alley; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this resolution be attached
to said deeds, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to a proposed agreement between the City of Las
Vegas and Walter and Gladys Murphy for the construction of a five foot
brick fence along Lot 12 of Block 4 of Mayfair Tract No. 2. The Commis-
sion was advised that the installation of this fence was a condition in
the deed from Ellsworth E. and Helen E. Baker for the dedication of pro-
perty completing the 20' alley dedication, and Mr. and Mrs. Murphy owners
of Lot 13 adjacent to the Ellsworth Baker property have agreed to pay
for the expense of this installation providing it does not exceed $350.00.

Commissioner Whipple moved this agreement be approved and the Mayor and
Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The Commission considered the application of Hortense McKiernan for a
Service Bar liquor license at the El Cholo Cafe, 621 South 5th Street.

The City Manager reported that Mrs. McKeirnan presently holds a Restau-
rant Beverage license at this location, and the premises have been in-
spected by the Fire, Building and License Department and it has been
found that the establishment meets all requirements.

AGREEMENT - Walter &
Gladys Murphy
Fence Installation

LIQUOR APPLICATION
El Cholo Cafe

Deposit Returned