City Manager Kennedy presented the offer of the LDS Church to buy or trade 2½ acres of
City owned land at 28th and Stewart. The Commissioner advised the City Manager to continue
negotiations and report back when the Church has something specific to offer.

It was recommended by City Engineer Wade that the bid of Gaudin Motor Company on Bid No. 56.30
for the furnishing of one 1956 Station Wagon be accepted. Mr. Wade stated that this was
the low bid in the amount of $2306.50.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation be accepted and Bid no. 56.30 be awarded to
Gaudin Motor Company in the total amount of $2306.50.

Commissioner Bunker left the meeting at this time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Bunker returned to the meeting at this time.

Discussion was held on securing additional water for the Golf Course Well, but no conclusive
action was taken at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved that William G. Miller be appointed as a member of the Board of
Plumber Examiners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain left the meeting at this time.

City Engineer Wade recommended the low bid of Automatic Irrigation Co. on Bid No. 56.19
for the installation of a sprinkler system at the Municipal Golf Course be accepted subject
to compliance with the ordinances, in the total amount of $31,665.01.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.19 be awarded to
Automatic Irrigation Company if they qualify with City Requirements, in the total amount
of $31,665.01.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Fountain returned to the meeting.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that there was a difference of $38.33 between the
two low bidders for the installation of the Jefferson Recreation Playground and Civic
Center Parking Lot (2nd and Stewart), and recommended the bid of Pahlen Construction Company
in the total amount of $10,336.92 be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and Bid No.
56.20 be awarded to Pahlen Construction Company in the total amount of $10,366.92.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the City Engineer recommended the low bid of Geer Company in the amount of
$6,129.12 be accepted for the installation of the Squire's Park Tennis Courts, known as
Bid No. 56.23.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.23 be awarded to
Geer Company in the total amount of $6,129.12.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

George Wade, City Engineer recommended the low bid of Willard Terry Company on Bid No. 56.24
for the addition to the Jefferson Pool Building, be accepted in the total amount of $10,424.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.24 be awarded to
Willard Terry Construction Company in the amount of $10,424.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Herb McDonald be appointed as a member of the Las Vegas
Golf Board to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Dr. C. W. Woodbury.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Discussion was held on the lack of adequate water supply to the Ridge Park Subdivision located
on East Charleston Village near the intersection with Nellis Boulevard. It was determined
that the Fire Chief, City Manager and Director of Public Works should arrange a meeting with
the subdivider of this property and officials of the County to see if some immediate relief
can be given the twenty-one home owners. The meeting was tentatively set for June 21, 1956
at 3:00 P.M.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker moved this
meeting recess until June 27, 1956 at 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



City Clerk	Mayor

6-20-56

PURCHASE OR TRADE
OF LAND

L. D. CHURCH

BID NO. 56.30
Station Wagon
Awarded

GOLF COURSE WELL

BOARD OF PLUMBER
EXAMINERS

BID NO. 56.19
Golf Course
Sprinkler System
Awarded

BID NO. 56.20
Playground & Parking
Lot Paving
Awarded

BID NO. 56.23
Tennis Courts
Awarded

BID NO. 56.24
Addn to Jefferson
Pool Bldg
Awarded

LAS VEGAS GOLF
BOARD

Appointment

WATER SUPPLY
Ridge Park