Such taxes shall be levied in the year 1955 and annually thereafter un-
til all of said bonds and the interest thereon shall have been fully
paid, satisfied and discharged. Any sums coming due on said bonds at
any time when there are on hand, from such tax levy or levies, insuf-
ficient funds to pay the same, shall be promptly paid when due from
general funds on hand belonging to the City of Las Vegas, reimbursement
to be made for such general funds in the amounts so advanced when the
taxes herein provided for have been collected.

Section 9. That it shall be the duty of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, annually, at the time and in the manner provided
by law for levying other city taxes, if such action shall be necessary
to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance, to ratify and carry out
the provisions hereof with reference to the levy and collection of taxes,
and said Board shall require the officers of said City to levy, extend
and collect such taxes in the manner provided by law for the purpose of
creating a fund for the payment of the principal of said bonds and the
interest accruing thereon. Such taxes, when collected, shall be kept for
and applied only to the payment of the principal of and interest on
said bonds as hereinbefore specified.

Section 10. That the City Council does hereby find and declare
that the life of the improvements to be acquired and established out of
the proceeds of the sale of said bonds shall and will be in excess of
twenty years from their date.

Section 11. That the officers of the City of Las Vegas be, and
they hereby are, authorized and directed to take all action necessary
or appropriate to effectuate the provisions of this ordinance, includ-
ing, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the printing of
said bonds and the execution of such certificates as may be required
by the purchaser thereof relating to the signing of the bonds, the
tenure and identity of the municipal officials, the assessed valuation
and indebtedness of the City of Las Vegas, the rate of taxes levied a-
gainst the taxable property within the City of Las Vegas, the receipt
of the bond purchase price, and, if in accordance with the facts, the
absence of litigation, pending or threatened, affecting the validity
thereof.

Section 12. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions, and ordi-
nances, or parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions, and ordinances in
conflict with this ordinance, are hereby repealed. After the bonds
hereby authorized have been issued, this ordinance shall constitute
a contract between said City and the holder or holders of said bonds,
and shall be and remain irreparable until said bonds and the interest
accruing thereon shall have been fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

Section 13. That if any one or more sections, sentences,
clauses or parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned
or be held invalid, such judgment shall not affect, impair or invali-
date the remaining provisions of this ordinance, but shall be confined
in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses, or
parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the
inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause, or
part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect
or prejudice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordi-
nance in any other instances.

Section l4. That by reason of the fact that the City of Las
Vegas is in immediate and serious need of the benefits to be derived
from the issuance of said bonds, it is hereby declared that an emer-
gency exists and that this ordinance is necessary for the immediate
preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 15. That the City Clerk and the Clerk of the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance
to be published once a week for two successive weeks immediately fol-
lowing its final reading and adoption in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily
newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall become ef-
fective immediately following the second publication thereof.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED, this 9th day of December,

1955.

/s/ C.D. Baker

(SEAL)	Mayor

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk

The Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing
ordinance were as follows:

Those voting Aye:	Commissioner Bunker

Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Fountain
Commissioner Whipple
Mayor Baker

Those voting Nay:	None

/s/C.D.Baker_______

Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

/s/ Shirley Ballinger

City Clerk	12-9-55