City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Commissioner Fountain moved the proposed ordinance on Collection Agencies
be removed from the agenda until such time as the parties interested in
the ordinance are able to get together on the matter and bring it before
the Commission again.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mayor Baker requested the Clerk to read the resolution commemorating L. B."Tutor"
Scherer, which is as follows:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, L. B. "Tutor" Scherer has recently become deceased, and

WHEREAS, the said L. B. Scherer was one of the pioneers in the de-
velopment and promotion of downtown Las Vegas into its present resort
status, and

WHEREAS, the said L. B. Scherer has contributed much of his money
and efforts toward the promotion and welfare of the downtown area of
the City of Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, be it resolved that the Board of City Commissioners
do express their appreciation for the efforts and do acknowledge by this
resolution a debt of gratitude to the said Tutor Scherer, and we do
hereby extend our thanks and appreciation and our deepest sympathy at
this time unto the family of the said Tutor Scherer.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of August 21, 1957 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Commissioner Whipple passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 13345
through 13484 in the total amount of $70,701.72 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 12761 through 13310
in the net amount of $76,241.36 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the Claim for Damage filed by Alyce A. Kehrt,
claiming injury received in a fall on the sidewalk at South 5th Street and
Baltimore Avenue on August 10, 1957, in the amount of $150.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Alyce A. Kehrt for damages in
the amount of $150.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of J. Kell Houssels, Sr. for
15% interest in the Las Vegas Club and the application of W. W. Naylor
for 5% interest in this club. City Manager Kennedy reported that investi-
gations had been conducted previously on both these applicants and it was
recommended that the applications be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the applications of J. Kell Houssels, Sr. for
15% interest and W. W. Naylor for 5% interest in the gaming and liquor
licenses of the Las Vegas Club, 18 Fremont, be approved.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies
Unfavorable Report

RESOLUTION -
L. B. Scherer

MINUTES



SERVICE & MATERIAL

WARRANTS



PAYROLL WARRANTS

CLAIM FOR DAMAGE
Alyce A. Kehrt

GAMING & LIQUOR
LICENSES

Addn of Partners

Las Vegas Club