a)	Bid No. 56.43 - Jail Equipment - Cells

b)	Bid No. 56.41 - East Charleston Water Main

c)	Bid No. 56.42 - Waste Receptacles

d)	Bid No. 56.46 - Radio Equipment

3.	Business license ordinance change
4. Purchase Order for fly spray

5. Discussion on Charleston Boulevard and Bonanza Road
6. Discussion on slot machine licenses

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Administrative Assistant
and City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing
notice of special meeting.

/s/       C. D. BAKER	RALSTON O. HAWKINS

HARRIS P. SHARP	ROBERT F. BOOS

WENDELL BUNKER	A. H. KENNEDY

REED WHIPPLE	E. W. FOUNTAIN

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 22, 1956

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 22nd day of August, 1956, was called to order at the hour of 4:40 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Atty.	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.43 for the furnishing and installing of
jail equipment, be awarded to the Southern Steel Company in the total amount of $69,435.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.43 awarded to
Southern Steel Company in the total amount of $69,435.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

At this time the City Manager recommended that Bid No. 56.41 for the construction of a water
main on East Charleston Boulevard be awarded to the low bidder, Longley Construction Co.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.41 be awarded
to Longley Construction Company in the total amount of $12,452.30.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain,

City Manager Kennedy made a recommendation at this time that Bid No. 56.42 for the furnish-
ing of waste receptacles be awarded to the only bidder, Best Maintenance in the total
amount of $1430.40.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

At this time City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.46 for radio equipment be
awarded to the only bidder, Motorola Communications and Electronics.

Commissioner Sharp moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 56.46 awarded to
Motorola Communications and Electronics in the amount of $498.75 per unit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

The City Manager requested permission to purchase fly spray from the Stauffer Chemical
Company in the amount of $1,035.00. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this pur-
chase would be a three-months supply.

Commissioner Whipple moved this request be granted and authorization given for the purchase
of fly spray from the Stauffer Chemical Company in the amount of $1,035.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

BID NO. 56.43
Jail Equipment
Awarded

BID NO. 56.41
E. Charleston
Water Main
Awarded

BID NO. 56.42
Waste Receptacles
Awarded

BID NO. 56.46
Radio Equipment
Awarded

FLY SPRAY
PURCHASE APPROVED