Las Vegas, Nevada

February 29, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board, of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held, this 29th day of February, 1956 was called, to order at the
hour of 8.00 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C.D.Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P.Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whippls

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Absent:	(	Asst.City Mgr.	R.W.Notti )

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrant No. 5831 in the
total, amount of $100.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a solicitation permit for ninety days be granted
to the Frontier Girl Scouts Council, as recommended by the Solicitations Re-
view Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

Discussion was held on the recently adopted ordinance concerning pin ball and
coin operated amusement machines. City Manager Kennedy reported that the ordi-
nance in the present form prohibits the operation of merry-go-rounds and hobby
horses that are located in various stores in the City. The ordinance was re-
ferred to the City Attorney for revision and presentation at the next meeting
of the Commission on March 7, 1956.

The complaint of Mrs. Ethel Wait that some slate had been removed from her
property at 201 North 9th Street when the City cleaned it up, was presented
to the Commission. The Commission was advised that this claim had been in-
vestigated by the Public Works Department and City Manager's office and they
could find no trace of the slate at the City Dump. No further action was
taken by the Commission.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Bunker
moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:		Mayor

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANT

SOLICITATION PERMIT
Girl Scouts

PIN BALL MACHINE
ORDINANCE

LOT CLEAN UP
Mrs. Ethel Wait