The Commission again considered the application of Palm Mortuary for
a Use Permit to erect a mausoleum at 1325 North Main Street.

Commissioner Whipple moved that consideration of this Use Permit applica-
tion be held in abeyance until the next regular meeting on November 20,
1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to a petition for the vacation of a 40 foot strip
on the north and south sides of Charleston Boulevard from 15th Street to
the intersection with Fremont Street.

Commissioner Sharp moved this petition for vacation be referred to the
Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Works Engineer Uehling advised the Commission that the installation of
the sprinkler systems in Hyde Park Circle and the Baseball Diamond have
been completed and the notice of completion filed. Mr. Uehling recom-
mended that final payment of $2,685.75 be authorized to the contractor,
Nevada Lawn & Irrigation and the bonds released.

Commissioner Whipple moved the sprinkler systems in Hyde Park Circle and
the Baseball Diamond be accepted, final payment of $2,685.75 to Nevada
Lawn & Irrigation authorized and the bonds released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Discussion was held on the paving of the alleys dedicated in the East
Charleston Boulevard area from 15th to Fremont. The City Attorney ad-
vised the Board that the alleys could be included in the proposed assess-
ment district, however, it was the opinion of the Bonding Attorneys if
they are included, the assessments would have to be against property
abutting the alleys on both sides.

Mr. William Clark and Mr. Jimmy Crane were present and questioned the
estimated cost of this improvement.

These property owners were advised that it was estimated that the
alley paving would run approximately $4.35 per front foot. They were
also told that this amount was included in the original estimate of
the cost of the Assessment District, and the only difference is that
the alley paving will have to be paid in cash. Thereafter Messrs
Clark and Crane indicated that they had no objections to this improve-
ment.

Commissioner Sharp suggested that the Engineering Department contact
the property owners in the Assessment District to advise them of the
cost of the alley paving and determine whether they are willing to
participate in paving of the alley on a cash assessment district basis.

Consideration was given to the deed from the Clark County School Dis-
trict for 6.995 acres adjacent to the John C. Fremont School.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker,
and carried unanimously the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 10th day of October, 1957, executed
by Clark County School District and as recorded as Doc. #116706 in
Book 142, October 10, 1957 of Official Records to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
all public purposes, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be at-
tached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office
of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Board considered the deed from Maybelle Davis for right-of-way for
30 feet on Pecos Drive.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

USE PERMIT - U-16-57
Palm Mortuary

PETITION FOR VACATION
Charleston Blvd.

HYDE PARK & BASEBALL
DIAMOND SPRINKLER
SYSTEMS

Final Payment

ALLEY IMPROVEMENT

Charleston Blvd.



RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

John C. Fremont School
R/W - Pecos Drive