Las Vegas, Nevada
December 5; 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 5th day of December, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7.30 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W.Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C.D.Baker

At this time the Commission considered the application of Robert J. Dwyer, Roman
Catholic Bishop of Reno for a use permit to construct a parochial school, audi-
torium and rectory at Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell Drive, in an R-E
zone.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment
had approved this application subject to the improvements listed in the agree-
ment, including the dedication of right-of-way for Alta Drive and Campbell Drive,
and the posting of a bond in the amount of $4,155.64. Mr. Bills stated that
the agreement had been signed and the bond posted.

Mr. Bills stated that the conditions for construction of this project in an R-E
zone had been met and presented a drawing of the proposed structure.

Thereafter an additional petition of property owners protesting this application
was presented to the Board, and the following people spoke in protest:

Orville Pickett	2800 Pinto Lane

Mrs. Douglas Rather

Mrs. Kenneth Van Vorst

Mrs. Ada Gardner

William Geldner

Harry Claiborne

Mr. Joseph Foley, representing the church appeared before the Commission and ad-
vised that this facility was being built to serve 600 families in the area. He
cited several cases where courts had ruled that use permits for this type of a
project could not be denied.

Father Kenny also appeared before the Commission and requested approval of this
application.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved this application be held in abeyance for
further study and until a full Board is present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. D. Francis Horsey, representing Mr. Raymond Salmon who had been requested to
appear and show cause why his tavern liquor license at the Bonanza Bar, 4l8 West
Bonanza should not be revoked, was present at this time. Mr. Horsey asked for
a continuance on this matter until the first meeting in January, and advised
the Commission that Mr. Salmon was attempting to sell this business.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this hearing be continued until December
19, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes,
Commissioner Sharp. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Consideration was given to the application of Standard Wholesale Supply Company
for a use permit to build and operate an underground petroleum bulk storage plant
and service station on the south side of Bonanza Road, directly east of their lo-
cation at 855 West Bonanza.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that this application had been approved by the
Board of Adjustment subject to an Improvement Agreement and the filing of a bond.

Mr. Bills stated that the agreement had been signed and a bond in the amount of
$1921.15 had been posted. He further advised that Standard Wholesale had sub-
mitted a request that installation of street lights not be required. He stated
that if this improvement was going to be required that an additional bond of
$750.00 should be posted.

Mr. Garrett of the Union Oil Company appeared and protested the installation of
street lights. He said that there were none other installed in this area, and
if they were required to post a $750.00 bond in cash that it might be five or
ten years before the lights were put in. He stated that Union Oil would be
willing to enter into an assessment district or any other agreement for the in-
stallation of these lights.

USE PERMIT - U-43-56
Catholic Church

BONANZA BAR
Show Cause Hearing

USE PERMIT - U-45-56
Standard Whse Supply