Mayor Baker indicated he was in favor of using a portion of the surplus finds for the pur-
chase of the land from the Fremont Hotel; and earmarking the remainder for recreational
purposes.

Discussion was held by the Commission as to the need for additional recreational areas, and
questioned Superintendent of Recreation; H. B. Trent as to the areas that needed such
facilities the most. Mr. Trent indicated that the West Charleston and Westside areas were
greatly lacking in such facilities.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the City proceed with plans to purchase the property
located on the southwest corner of 2nd and Mesquite Streets; and further that $50,000.00
be earmarked for recreational facilities for the West Charleston and Westside areas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy reported to the Commission on the following subjects:

1.	Easement for Highland Drive from the Union Pacific Railroad Company.

2.	Status of the animal shelter presently operated by the Clark County
Humane Society.

Commissioner Bunker then addressed the Department Heads present and commended them for the
work they are and have been doing. He indicated that the credit for the good condition
that the City is now in should go to the City Manager and the department heads. He further
stated that he was well satisfied with these employees and they could be assured that he
would assist them in any undertaking that is right.

Commissioner Sharp and Fountain stated they agreed with Commissioner Bunker's statements.

Mayor Baker then outlined some precepts by which all managerial personnel ought to be
governed. He stated that, inasmuch as we are all working for a common cause — providing
the best possible service to the public, our every action should be directed toward that
end. A general discussion followed.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting adjourned
at 5:20 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



CITY Clerk 	Mayor

CITY MANAGER
REPORTS

Highland Drive
Animal Shelter

CITY GOVERNMENT
OPERATION