Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare an amendment
to the Contract with Architect John Replogle on the East and West Charleston
Boulevard Fire Stations and upon signing of the agreement by the architect, the
Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue a warrant in the total amount of
$1,849.58.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Field Engineer Ken Hansen presented the revised final map of Westwood Park #2
for consideration. Mr. Hansen reported that the subdivider Mr. O.H. Nelson has
signed an agreement and posted a bond to cover the realignment of curb and gut-
ter and relocation of street lights in the cul-de-sac at the southwest corner of
Westwood Park Circle.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Commission considered the request of the Subdividers of the Twin
Lakes Estates for an extension of 120 days for the completion of the off-site im-
provements. Field Engineer Hansen recommended that this extension be granted sub-
ject to review by the City Attorney of a letter from the Bonding Company indicating
the performance bond will cover this request for extension of time.

Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised the Commission that the performance bond
would take care of this request for extension of time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request for extension of time of 120 days from June
15, 1957 for the completion of the off-site improvements in Twin Lakes Estates be
granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that all bids received on Bid No. 57.10 on June 5;
1957 for the furnishing of batteries to the City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year
commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958; be rejected, and authorization
granted to readvertise for bids.

Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and all bids received on
Bid No. 57.10 be rejected; further that authorization be granted to readvertise
to receive bids for the supplying of batteries to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes,none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of Tidewater Oil Company on Bid No.
57*11 for the furnishing of Diesel and Fuel Oils to the City of Las Vegas for the
period commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June 30, 1958, be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.11 for the furnishing of Diesel and
Fuel Oils to the City be awarded to Tidewater Oil Company and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 57.12 for the furnishing of gasoline to
the City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June
30, 1958 be awarded to Shell Oil Company.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 57.12 for
the furnishing of gasoline to the City be awarded to Shell Oil Company, and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 57.13 for the furnishing of lubricants to the
City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June 30,
1958 be awarded to Western Petroleum Distributors.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 57.13 for
the furnishing of lubricants to the City be awarded to Western Petroleum Distribu-
tors.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and Bid No. 57.13 for
the furnishing of lubricants to the City be awarded to Western Petroleum Distrib-
utors s, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager recommended that Bid No. 57.14 for the furnishing of tires and
tubes to the City of Las Vegas for the fiscal year commencing July 1, 1957 and
ending June 30, 1958, be awarded to Superior Tire Company, be reason of the fact
they met all qualifications and bid in accordance with the specifications.

WESTWOOD PARK #2
Final, Map

TWIN LAKES ESTATES
Extension of Time

BID NO. 57.10
Batteries
Rejected

BID NO. 57.11
Diesel & Fuel Oil
Awarded

BID NO. 57.12

Gasoline

Awarded



BID NO. 57.13
Lubricants

Awarded



BID NO. 57.14

Tires & Tubes

Awarded

