Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Fred E. Weber for the Tavern
Liquor License at the Log Cabin Bar, 122 North 1st Street, formerly issued to
Albert Mengarelli, be approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue
authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote; Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Alfred Ripps for transfer of his
Package Liquor and Beer Bar License, gaming license for 8 slot machines and Cigarette
License from 106 to 112 South 1st Street.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to be heard on this matter.

Mr. Morton Galane, representing Mrs. Ruth Pearlman, owner of Sammy's Newstand located
at 124 South 1st Street appeared at this time. Mr. Galane explained that Mrs. Pearl-
man had retained an attorney to represent her in this matter and had not been notified
until late this afternoon that he would not be able to appear in her behalf. Mr.

Galane stated that Mrs. Pearlman would like to object to the transfer of this license
on the basis that the area would not support another liquor store; he further requested
that the Commission continue this matter until next meeting so that he would have time
to investigate the facts and be prepared to speak in Mrs. Pearlman's behalf.

Mr. Sam Lionel, appearing on behalf of Mr. Alfred Ripps was present at this time. Mr.
Lionel stated that Mr. Ripps was anxious to reopen his business, and urged the Commis-
sion to give favorable consideration to this application for transfer.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Alfred Ripps for transfer
of his package Liquor license and Beer Bar, gaming license for 8 slot machines, and
cigarette license to 112 South 1st Street, dba Mike's Liquor Store be approved, and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. $7.9 for the Street
Repair Contract for the City of Las Vegas until June 30, 1938, bids were received
from the following firms:

WELLS CARGO	$17,436.00	(No bond)

IDEAL ASPHALT	24,440.00	(Cashier Chk - $1250.00)

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the appeal by Doris E.

Brown of the denial of her application for Rezoning of the East 30 feet of Lots 1
through by Block 27, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite (Southeast corner of 3rd and Lewis)
from R-4 to C-1, His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on
this matter.

Mrs. Brown appeared before the Commission and stated that she had circulated a petition
amongst the property owners in the area, a great number of whom had indicated approval
and signed this petition. Mrs. Brown further advised the Commission that she desired
this rezoning so that her duplex could be rented to a professional man.

The Commission advised Mrs. Brown they were in sympathy with her problem, but this
application was definitely "spot zoning" and it was the policy of both the Planning
and City Commissions to discourage this sort of thing.

The following property owners appeared on behalf of Mrs. Brown's application for rezoning:

Mrs. Louise Conklin	316 South 4th Street

Mr. John Cost	303 E. Lewis Avenue

Commissioner Whipple moved Mrs. Brown's appeal be denied and the recommendation of the
Planning Commission upheld and this application for rezoning of the east 50 feet of Lots
1 through by Block 27 from R-4 to C-1, denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of the subdividers of Las Verdes Heights #1 for an
extension of time of six (6) months from June 21, 1937 for the completion of off-site im-
provements. Director of Public Works George Wade advised the Commission that approximately
b% of the work has been completed and recommended that the request for extension be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of L. S. Whaley & Sons, Inc. for extension of 6
months for the completion of the installation of off-site improvements in Las Verdes
Heights #1 be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to obtain informal bids on the Lot Cleanup program
Mr. Wade reported that it is estimated that the total cost will be approximately $2,000.00.
He further reported that between 83% and 90% of this cost will be recoverable from the
property owner.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that informal bids be obtained for the Lot Cleanup
Program.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change of Owner
Log Cabin Bar

LIQUOR LICENSE
Change Location
Mike's Liquor Store

BID NO. 57.9

Street Repair Contract

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-2-57
Doris E. Brown
Appeal of Denial

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS #1
Extension of Time

LOT CLEAN UP

Bids to be Secured