At the hour of 8:25 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 8:45 P.M. with
all members present as of the opening session.

City Engineer Wade recommended that the construction work in Street Assessment District
No. 100-23 be accepted and the request of the contractor, Wells-Cargo Inc. for payment of
the final 10% retention be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Assessment District No. 100-23 be accepted and final
payment to Wells-Cargo Inc. in the total amount of $l,426.93 approved and the warrant
authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade recommended the low bid of Zellerbach Paper Company on Bid No. 56.38
for the furnishing of maintenance supplies to the City of Las Vegas be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Bid No. 56.38 be awarded to the low bidder, Zellerbach
Paper Company in the total amount of $1960.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

It was reported by City Engineer Wade that a letter from the Union Pacific Railroad Company
giving a breakdown of the estimated cost of the work to be performed by the Railroad
Company at the expense of the City on the Owens Street grade crossing had been received.

Mr. Wade stated that the estimated cost of this project is $8,860.00 and requested that
his Department be authorized to notify the Railroad Company to proceed with this work.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted and he be
authorized to notify the Railroad Company to proceed with the Owens Street Grade Crossing
at the estimated cost of $8,860.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution concerning the agreement with the
Union Pacific Railroad for the Owens Street Grade Crossing be adopted, subject to approval
by the City Attorney, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same:

WHEREAS, there was presented to the City Council a form of agreement between the CITY
OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and LOS
ANGELES & SALT LAKE RAILROAD COMPANY and its Lessee, UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY, cor-
porations of the State of Utah, covering a proposed grade crossing over and across the right
of way of the Railroad Company on its Main Line in Las Vegas, Nevada;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:	That the form of agreement between the City of

Las Vegas, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and Los Angeles
& Salt Lake Railroad Company, and its Lessee, Union Pacific Railroad Company, corporations
of the State of Utah, covering an easement for grade crossing over and across the right of
way of the Railroad Company on its Main Line of railroad in the vicinity of Mile Post
333.45, Las Vegas, Nevada, be and the same is hereby approved, and the Mayor and Clerk of
said City are authorized and directed to execute said agreement for and on behalf of the
said City of Las Vegas.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade requested permission to eliminate griductors from the Lembke-Clough &

King contract on the alterations to the existing sewage treatment plant and to obtain a
credit of $10,617.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be accepted, and
authorization granted to eliminate this portion of the contract with Lembke-Clough & King
for the alterations to the existing Sewage Treatment Plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer Wade reported on the progress being made on Charleston Heights Tract No. 3.

Mr. Wade advised the Commission that pursuant to the order of the Board on April 4, 1936
granting an extension of 90 days, that most of the deficiencies have been corrected and
this subdivision should be ready for acceptance within thirty days.

At this time the City Engineer made a report on the progress of the subdivider on Charleston
Heights Tract No. it. Mr. Wade stated that since the action of the Commission on April 4, 1956
granting a 90 day extension of time on the agreement subject to the condition that the necess-
ary off-site improvements be extended in front of the Red Rock School within 30 days, very
little progress had been made. He advised that the City Attorney's office has notified
the bonding company, and proceedings are being instigated to collect on this bond.

Mr. Wade reported that on the remainder of the subdivision, the expiration date of the
agreement extension was July 5, 1956 and to date this construction has not been completed.

He indicated the developer has submitted two letters to his office stating the reasons for
delay in construction, but these reasons do not prove adequate.

The City Engineer reported that the deficiencies in Charleston Heights No. 5 are being
corrected. He indicated that the acceptance of this tract depends on the developer of
Charleston Heights #5-A, a resubdivision of a portion of the original tract, submitting
a separate agreement and bond on Tract #5-A.

The Commission considered the deed from William Ed and Jack Reilly Harris for the East 130'
of the West 200' of the NW¼ of the NW¼ of Section 6, T21S, R61E, MDB&M. City Engineer Wade
advised the Commission that this property is the proposed site for the new Fire Station
on East Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-23
Acceptance & Final
Payment

BID NO. 56.38
Maintenance Supplies
Awarded

OWENS STREET GRADE
CROSSING

RESOLUTION -Agreement
on Owens Street Grade
Crossing

EXISTING SEWAGE
TREATMENT PLANT
Alterations

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 3
Progress Report

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 4
Progress Report

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 5
Progress Report

FIRE STATION SITE
Quitclaim Deed-
W. E. & Jack Harris