City Manager Kennedy requested correction of a typographical error in the minutes of
December 7, 1955 concerning a Use Permit (U-34-55) granted to Jeanne O'Donnell to convert
two dwelling units into professional suites at 1638 E. Charleston. The minutes show the
legal description as Lot 6, Block 1, Charleston Square and it should have been Lot 5,
Block 1, Charleston Square

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of December 7, 1955 be corrected as recommended.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

UTILITY LINE HAZARD      The Commission directed the City Manager to have the telephone and utility lines and poles
	located in the alley between Fremont and Ogden and Fremont and Carson checked since it was

felt that the lines hang so low that it is a hazard to public safety to sidewalk pedestrians.

Discussion was held on the proposed house numbering system. Shawnee Stewart of the Planning
Staff, reported to the Commission that the proposed new system would tie in with the North
Las Vegas system with very few exceptions; the main inconsistency being that the house
numbers on each side of Owens Avenue will be even.

Mr. Stewart displayed maps colored to indicated the number and location of changes that would
be required if the proposed system is adopted, and a map showing the location and number of
changes required if the existing ordinance is enforced.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting recess until October 18, 1956 at 4:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HOUSE NUMBERING
SYSTEM

Report

CORRECTION OF MINUTES
Use Permit -U-34-55

ATTEST:

APPROVED:

Mayor

OUTFALL SEWER
CONSTRUCTION
Modification
Agreement

10-17-56

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 18, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 18th day of October, 1956, was called to order at the hour of 4:45 P.M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor

Commissioner

Commissioner

Commissioner

City Manager
Adm. Assistant
Asst. City Attorney
City Clerk

C. D. Baker
Wendell Bunker
E. W. Fountain
Harris P. Sharp

A. H. Kennedy
Robert F. Boos
Ralston O. Hawkins
Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Commissioner
City Attorney
City Engineer

Reed Whipple
Howard W. Cannon
George E. Wade

At this time the proposed modification of the agreement with Charles J. Dorfman, Contractor
for the construction of the outfall sewer for the City, was presented.

This proposed modification included as follows:

This Modification of Agreement entered into this 18th day of October, 1956 between
the City of Las Vegas, a Municipal Corporation of the State of Nevada, sometimes herein-
after referred to as City, and Charles J. Dorfman, sometimes hereinafter referred to as
Contractor, witnesseth:

WHEREAS, the parties have hereunto entered into a written agreement for the construc-
tion of an outfall sewer line for the City of Las Vegas, more particularly described as
Contract No. 311S.2—Outfall Sewer, Schedules A,B,C, and D, and

WHEREAS, certain disputes have arisen between the parties in the interpretation of
the subject contract, more particularly the interpretation of Item 37 on Page 7-9 of said
contract and Paragraph E on Page 8-24 under the heading of Excavation, Backfill-Fill, and

WHEREAS, in order to compromise the disputes now existing in the interpretation of
the foregoing two provisions of said contract, the parties hereto agree that Contract No.
311S.2— Outfall Sewer, Schedule A,B,C, and D be amended, corrected, modified, and interpreted
as follows:

1.	All gravel bedding material authorized by the engineer to be placed into the
ditch shall be paid for by the City at the rate of $5.60 per cubic yard rather than at the
rate of $7.50 per cubic yard, originally bid by the contractor under Item No. 37. This
paragraph is to apply to all gravel furnished under the provisions of said contract, author-
ized by the engineer.

2. The contractor waives all claim to payment for approximately 1100 cubic yards
of gravel bedding material which is claimed by the City to have been unauthorized by the
engineer, the exact amount of which is to be determined by the City Engineer.

10-18-56