This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.55 for the installa-
tion of the sewer line on Hinson Street from Charleston Boulevard to the new fire
station site, bids were received from the following firms:

GEORGE E. MILLER	$2,420.00

LONGLEY CONSTRUCTION	3,100.00

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the application of the Union Pacific Railroad Company for
variance for above ground tank storage facilities on the southside of Bonanza Road
between Highland Drive and H Street in an M-1 zone. This application was approved by
the Board of Adjustment subject to an off site improvement agreement and bond; con-
struction in accordance with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer; and sub-
mission of a letter from the Board of Fire Underwriters stating that fire insurance
rates on non-industrial properties in this area will not be increased to any great
extent than if the proposed tanks were located across the railroad spur tracks.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the agreement had been signed,
the letter from the Fire Underwriters received and the bond posted. He further stated
that there was a request from the Texas Company that the requirement of street lights
be deleted at this time.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of the UPRR for a variance for above ground
tank storage facilities on the southside of Bonanza Road between Highland Drive and H
Street in an M-1 zone be approved subject to construction in accordance with the plot
plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer and amendment of the improvement agreement that
street lights be omitted at this time but will be installed at such time as the City
puts in an improvement district either by cash or special assessment district, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 19th day of December, 19% having considered the appli-
cation of the UPRR for variance for above ground tank storage facilities on the south-
side of Bonanza Road between Highland Drive and H Street, in an M-l zone; and '

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to an off site improvement agreement and bond; construction
in accordance with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer; and submission
of a letter from the Board of Fire Underwriters stating that fire insurance rates on
non-industrial properties in this area will not be increased to any great extent than
if the proposed tanks were located across the railroad spur tracks; and the Board
having been further advised that said conditions had been complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the UPRR
for variance for above ground tank storage facilities on the southside of Bonanza
Road between Highland Drive and H Street in an M-1 zone be approved subject to construc-
tion in accordance with the plot plan as amended by the Traffic Engineer and amend-
ment of the improvement agreement that street lights be omitted at this time but
will be installed at such time as the City puts in an improvement district either by
cash or special assessment district.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

At this time the Board considered the application of Robert J. Dwyer, Roman Catholic
Bishop of Reno for a Use Permit to construct a parochial school, auditorium and rectory
at Alta Drive between Shetland and Compbell Drives in an R-E zone. This application
was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to an off-site improvement agreement
including the dedication of required right-of-way on Alta and Campbell Drives and post-
ing of a bond.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the agreement has been signed
and the bond posted.

His Honor asked if there were ary of the protestants who had anything new to add to
their previous objections. The following persons appeared and objected to this use
permit:

Mr. Joe Wells
Mrs. Helen Van Vorst
Mr. Leslie Elson
Mrs. Ada Gardner

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Robert J. Dwyer, Roman Catholic
Bishop of Reno for a use permit to construct a parochial school, auditorium and rectory
at Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell Drives in an R-E zone be approved subject
to the dedication of the required right-of-way on Alta and Campbell Drives, and the
agreement for off-site improvements, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 19th day of December, 1956 having considered the application
of Robert J. Dwyer, Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno for a use permit to construct a
parochial school, auditorium and rectory on Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell
Drives in an R-E zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to an off-site improvement agreement including the dedication of
required right-of-way on Alta and Campbell Drives and posting of a bond, and the Board
having been advised these conditions had been complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Robert J.

Dwyer, Roman Catholic Bishop of Reno for a use permit to construct a parochial school,
auditorium and rectory on Alta Drive between Shetland and Campbell Drives, in an R-E
zone be approved subject to the dedication of the required right-of-way on Alta and
Campbell Drives, the off-site improvement agreement and posting of a bond.



BID NO. 56.55
Opened

VARIANCE V-18-56
UPRR:

USE PERMIT U-43-56
Catholic Church