Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the plans presented by John Replogle for the proposed
Fire Alarm System building be approved subject to final check by the Building and
Fire Departments and that plans be prepared for an alternate bid on a second story
for this building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved that payment of 20% of Mr. Replogle's fee or $300.00
be approved and the warrant prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

No action was taken at this time on the installation of sidewalks on 5th Street.

City Engineer Wade was requested to contact the property owners who have not in-
stalled their sidewalks and request that this work be done.

City Engineer Wade requested that the contract of Wells Cargo for patching work
be extended for 90 days. Mr. Wade indicated that the contractor would accept
this work providing there is a minimum charge of $10.00 per patch.

Commissioner Whipple moved the contract of Wells Cargo for street patching be
extended for 90 days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer be authorized to advertise for bids
for two motor graders, two street sweepers and five trucks.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of G.L. Gordon for a 72 foot curb cut in
front of the Boston Motel at 2011 South A Street for the purpose of providing
off-street parking for eight vehicles. This request had previously been denied
by the Commission on December 7, 1955.

Commissioner Bunker stated that he had inspected this property and felt that Mr.
Gordon has a unique problem because of the parking situation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the previous action taken be rescinded and Mr. Gordon's
request for a 72 foot curb cut at 2011 South A Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

George Wade, City Engineer recommended that the final payment of the 10% retention
be made to Lembe, Clough and King on their contract for the alterations to the
sewer plant. Mr. Wade stated that he was not satisfied with the Infilco equip-
ment and would like to recommend that the original bond be released and a smaller
one in the amount of $10,000 be posted.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the bond of Lembke, Clough and King on the Altera-
tions to the Sewer Plant be reduced to $10,000 and that payment of $7,330.00 be made
and the warrant prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be authorized to receive bids for the
electrical installations in the new building at the City garage.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the easement from the American Legion Post #8 for the
sewer line on North 2nd Street.

On motion of Commissioner Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Reed Whipple, duly seconded by Commissioner Wen-
dell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 18 day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Easement
dated the 29th day of December, 1955; executed by American Legion Post #8 to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and in-
tentions as therein set forth; and

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Plans Approved

5TH STREET SIDEWALKS

PATCHING CONTRACT

STREET EQUIPMENT
Advertise for Bids

CURB CUT
G.L. Gordon

ALTERATIONS TO
SEWER PLANT
Final Payment &

Release of Bond

ELECTRICAL INSTALLATION
Bids to be Received

RESOLUTIONS ACCEPTING
R/W 