At this time the Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Bunker Brothers Mortuary
for a portion of Gold Avenue.

On Motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 5th day of September, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 30th
day of August, 1956, executed by Bunker Brothers Mortuary, Inc., a Nevada Corporation to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of William T. Regland for reduction of the solicitor's
license fee to sell his own farm produce be referred to the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9:05 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission considered the application of Frank W. Groves, Director of the Nevada Fish
and Game Commission for use permit to construct a district headquarters consisting of a
concrete block building, gasoline pump and storage tank, horse and hay shelter, horse
exercise yard and fenced storage area located on the site of the fish and wildlife property
between Vegas Drive and Decatur Boulevard, in an R-4 zone, containing 1.78 acres of land.

The Board of Adjustment approved this application, subject to the signing of an agreement
for the installation of off-site improvements which has been done.

Mr. Wayne Kirch, executive of the Board of Directors of the Nevada Fish and Game Commission
appeared before the Commission and explained that it was their plan to develop this
property as the funds are available over a period of years. Mr. Kirch requested approval
of this application and asked for clarification concerning the side yard setback require-
ment for storage and appurtenance building. He was advised that the side yard setback in
this regard is five feet.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for use permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on the 5th day of September, 1956, having considered the application of Frank W.

Groves, Director of the Nevada Fish and Game Commission for use permit to construct a
district headquarters consisting of a concrete block building, gasoline, pump and storage
tank, horse and hay shelter, horse exercise yard and fenced storage area located on the
site of the fish and wild life property between Vegas Drive and Decatur Boulevard, in an
R-4 zone, containing 1.78 acres of land; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the applicant's signing an agreement for installation of off-
site improvements and the Board having been advised this condition was complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Frank W. Groves,
Director of the Nevada Fish & Game Commission for use permit to construct a district head-
quarters on its property between Vegas Drive and Decatur Boulevard be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Melvin Exber and John Gaughan for license
for one Sports Book at the Hollywood Race Book, 115 North 1st Street be held in abeyance
until a full Board is present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be
approved:

CALIFORNIA CLUB	Arquilla & Tabak	101 Fremont	1 Craps

GOLDEN NUGGET	By: C. C. King	129 Fremont	1 Poker

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the additional of John Francis Grana for 1% interest in the
California Club, 101 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Anton A. Maurer for a Restaurant Beverage
license at the Little Cafe, 1602 South A Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Fro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of John R. McCorkle for the tavern license
at the Dog House Tavern 123 South 2nd Street, formerly issued to Frank Mirabelli and Harry
Rugeroli dba Ten Pin Tavern, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Bunker Bros. Mortuary
Gold Avenue

SOLICITORS LICENSE
FEE

Wm. T. Regland



USE PERMIT-U-36-56
Nevada Fish & Game
Commission

GAMING APPLICATION
New Location

Additional



LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
New

Change of Name
and Ownership