5. The E½ of Block 28, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite be classified R-4.

6. Blocks 24,25,26 and 27 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite and Blocks 11,12,15
and 16 of South Addition be classified as R-4.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be ac-
cepted and this rezoning be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commis-
sioner Whipple declared that his home is on South 6th Street which is recommended
to be rezoned C-1, and passed his vote.

The Commission considered the petition of the LDS Church for annexation of the
N½ of the S½ and the S½ of the NW¼ and west 330 feet of the NW¼ of the NW¼ ex-
cept the north 200 feet of Section 25, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M. This petition for
annexation was recommended for approval by the Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this annexation. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved this petition for annexation be approved and the City
Attorney instructed to prepare the required ordinance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Lulu C Subdivision be referred
back to the Planning Commission for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Virginia Manor ^2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Board considered the right-of-way deed from the Southern Nevada Power Company
for Bonanza and 25th Street.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED



On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15th day of February, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated
the 1st day of February, 1956, executed by Southern Nevada Power Co. a Corporation
of the State of Nevada to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, and that the
read property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I,	Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct
copy of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a
regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 15th day of February,
1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this l6th day of February, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By

  For:	Bonanza Road	Deputy

Consideration was given to the deed from T. Gay Myers and Byron Thornton for
Adams Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Harris P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

ANNEXATION
Section 25,T20S,R6lE

LULU C SUBDIVISION
Tentative Map

VIRGINIA MANOR #2

Tentative Map

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED R/W