Las Vegas, Nevada

June 8, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
8th day of June, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 3:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Administrative

Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney John Spann
City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Mayor Baker opened the meeting with a discussion concerning a statement of policy insofar
as the Commission and Department Heads are concerned. His Honor pointed out that on various
occasions the Commission has been embarrassed in public meeting when citizens present have
either quoted or submitted written evidence that is contrary to the various policies set
forth by the Commission. He continued that he felt the Department Heads should assert
themselves in learning the policy of the Commission on specific matters, especially those
concerning their own departments, and attempt to follow more closely the policies established.
He further advised the Commission that he felt that while there were few of such incidents,
that they did prove embarrassing to both the Commission as well as the employee; and while
he felt that a great deal of this was through misunderstanding, that it could be readily
corrected.

City Manager Kennedy indicated that he believed that all Department Heads, of which there
are nine, could attend the Commission meetings regularly and acquaint themselves with the
desires and the policy of the Commission.

The Commissioners indicated their agreement in this matter and requested that the City
Manager inform the Department Heads of the same.

Discussion was held on the amendment to the Liquor Ordinance adopted as Ordinance No. 714
on May 23, 1956.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the representatives of the Package Liquor Licensees and
the Clark County Licensed Beverage Association had not reached a conclusive agreement as to
whether or not they wished the sale of half pints to be permitted in Drug Stores and
Grocery Stores.

Thereafter the Commission requested the following changes be made to Ordinance No. 714, and
advised the Clerk to publish said ordinance, as revised, as soon as possible:

1.	 The provision allowing the sale of a minimum of one-pint of liquor in package

liquor stores licensed in Drug Stores, Grocery Stores and Shopping Centers, be
retained.

2. The section prohibiting the sale of draft beer in package liquor stores be revised
so that those licensees now selling draft beer be allowed to continue as long as
the ownership and location remains as is, but no further sale of draft beer under
such licenses be permitted.

It was reported to the Commission that certain package liquor licensees are not observing
the policy of the Commission insofar as maintaining the liquor division away from close con-
tact by the public and juveniles. The City Manager was authorized to notify these offenders,
namely the Thrifty Drug Store, 317 Fremont and Skaggs Drug Center, 215 Fremont, to discontinue
the practice.

Discussion was held on the activities of the Board of Plumbers Examiners and the recent irre-
gularities in examinations for two applicants for certification as Master Plumbers.

The matter was referred to the City Manager for handling and report back to the Commission.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Bunker moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Bunker

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:



C. D. BAKER, Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk	

STATEMENT OF POLICY

ORDINANCE NO. 714
Liquor Amendment

LIQUOR LICENSEES
PLUMBING BOARD