Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



 City Clerk	Mayor

5-8-57 - Special

Las Vegas, Nevada
May 15, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 15th day of May, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Ass't City Atty.	Raltton O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Mayor Baker requested that the record show that Commissioner Sharp has been ex-
cused from the meeting and will be present later on.

At this time Mr. Fred Eaton appeared before the Commission requesting the approval
of the tentative map of Morning View Heights No. 2.

Planning Director Franklin Bills advised the Commission that this tentative map was
approved by the Planning Commission on July 24, 1956 subject to the working out
of subsurface drainage to the satisfaction Of the Public Works Department, a
letter from the Power Company indicating lots can be satisfactorily serviced with
power, and a letter from the School District indicating the financial obligation
in lieu of land dedication for school purposes has been met. Mr. Bills fur-
ther advised that the letters from the Power Company and the School District
were on file.

Discussion was held on the drainage and the relocation of Gillies Avenue in this
proposed subdivision.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the tentative map of Morning View Heights
#2 be approved subject to proper drainage and the relocation of Gillies Avenue,
and submission of a street profile.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Mr. Bills presented a proposed resolution to approve the undertaking
of a survey to determine the feasibility of an Urban Renewal Project and author-
ize the signing of an application for a Federal advance of funds.

The Planning Director reported that in July of 1956 the Commission adopted a resolu-
tion requesting the reservation of capital grant funds and approving the under-
taking of surveys and plans for this urban renewal project. Mr. Bills stated that
the necessary legislation under Assembly Bill No. 71 passed at the last session of
the Legislature to proceed with this type of project had been secured. He ad-
vised the Commission that this proposed resolution would authorize a survey to
determine whether or not such a project should be undertaken, and in the event
the survey determines that it is not feasible, it will not be necessary to repay
the $16,654.00 required for this survey.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston Hawkins assured the Commission that this money would
not have to be repaid by the City, in the event the Urban Renewal Project was not
pursued. He did advise the Commission that if the survey showed that this Project
should be undertaken, the repayment would then have to be made.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign said application for a Federal for a federal
advance of funds for the survey to determine the feasibility of the City of Las
Vegas Urban Renewal Project:

A RESOLUTION REQUESTING THE RESERVATION OF CAPITAL GRANT FUNDS,

APPROVING THE UNDERTAKING OF SURVEYS AND PLANS FOR AN URBAN RENEWAL PROJECT,

AND THE FILING OF AN APPLICATION FOR FEDERAL ADVANCE OF FUNDS

WHEREAS, under Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, as amended, and the
Housing Act of 1954, the Housing and Home Finance Administrator is authorized to
extend financial assistance to localities in the elimination and prevention of the
spread of their slums and urban blight through the planning and undertaking of
urban renewal projects; and

5-15-57

MORNING VIEW HGHTS.
No. 2

Tentative Map

URBAN RENEWAL