for the following gaming devices be approved and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

107 Slot Machines	1	Bridge

3 Craps	2	Pan

4 "21"		3	Poker

1 Roulette	1	Race Horse Keno

1 Faro Bank

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Clella M. Keckler, dba Union
Cab Company for one additional taxicab license. The Commission was advised
that Union Cab presently has 6 taxicabs licensed.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the issuance of this
license. None were voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Clella M. Keckler for one
additional taxi for the Union Cab Company be approved and the Supervisor of
License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for permits for Chari-
table Solicitation, as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board, be
approved and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the
permits:-

1.	REORGANIZED CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LDS

2.	LATTER DAY SAINTS CHURCH - 4th Ward Relief Society

3.	SPANISH WAR VETERANS

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye?
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for permits for Chari-
table Solicitation Permits be approved, subject to approval of the Solici-
tations Review Board:

1.	VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS - Advertising Solicitation for
Encampment June 13, 1957.

2.	DOWNTOWN LIONS CLUB - Sale of Brooms.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye?
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 7570 through 8102
in the net amount of $75,473.05 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote?
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye?
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 10193
to 10344 in the total amount of $131,289.21 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye? noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of March 20, 27, April 3 and 11; 1957
be approved by reference and the Mayor and City Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At the hour of 8:40 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour
of 8:55 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

At this time City Manager Kennedy presented a request from the Southern Nevada
Power Company for the City to grant them a ten (10) foot easement for power
line purposes adjacent to the Sewage Disposal Plant and the Lincoln Power
Company, said right-of-way being located in the of Section 10, T21S,

R62E, MDB&M.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that this easement has been
checked by his Department and the Power Company and recommended that same
be granted.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the 10 foot easement for power line
purposes adjacent to the Sewage Disposal Plant and the Lincoln Power Company
located in Section 10-21-62 be granted to the Southern Nevada Power Company,
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye?
noes, none.

At this time the Clark County Fair and Recreation Board Instructions and
Regulations for Report of License Tax on Rental Income were presented to
the Commission for consideration.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Instructions and Regulations for Report of

TAXI APPLICATION
Additional

CHARITABLE

SOLITATION

PERMITS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



RECESS

EASEMENT TO
SOUTHERN NEVADA
POWER CO.

COUNTY FAIR & RECREA-
TION BOARD
Regulations Adopted