City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Mr. Reynolds to purchase two
acres of city property with an option to buy an additional two acres at
$4,000 per acre. The Commission indicated they were not in favor of selling
this property.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Bob Baskin for a hand bill li-
cense be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Longley Construction Company be authorized to
install a sewer line to Hadland Park in the total amount of $1300.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the lease
with the LDS Church for property on North 5th Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Engineer be authorized to receive bids for
the installation of tennis courts by the Recreation Center.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the City's street sweeper be sold to the City
of North Las Vegas for $500.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to construct rest-
rooms on the new nine holes at the Golf Course at a total cost of $3,017*00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of Cashman CMC Truck Company
for the furnishing of five dump trucks to the City be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.5 for five dump trucks be awarded
to Cashman GMC Truck Company with twenty-four monthly payments payments of
$1,139.18.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commis-
sioners Bunker and Whipple passed their vote.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that the bid of Vegas Materials for the
tractor and mower unit be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.7 for a tractor and mower unit
be awarded to Vegas Materials in the total amount of $4,267.27.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Paul Gang for a restaurant
beverage license at the Coney Island Cafe, 402 South 2nd Street for the
first quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of R.S. & Ben Fabbi for renewal
of 9 U-Drive licenses for Vegas-U-Drive be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board,Commissioners Fountain
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:			

		Mayor

City Clerk	

PURCHASE OF CITY PROPERTY
HANDBILL LICENSE

HADLAND PARK
Sewer Line

LEASE OF PROPERTY
LDS Church

TENNIS COURTS



SALE OF SWEEPER

GOLF COURSE RESTROOMS

BID NO. 56.5 - Dump Trucks
Award

BID NO. 56.7 - Tractor

LIQUOR LICENSE
Coney Island



U-DRIVE LICENSES