The City Manager presented the request of Whiting Brothers to lease land from the City,
located in the vicinity of Nellis Air Force Base and adjacent to the gravel plant. Mr.
Kennedy explained that this was to be a temporary arrangement while the contractor
was completing the paving of Highway 91 from North Las Vegas to Nellis Air Force Base,
and presented the proposed lease as prepared by the City Attorney's office.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Whiting Brothers to lease land
from the City being in the SE¼ of the NE¼ of Section 26, T19S, R62E, Mdb&M, be ap-
proved, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mr. Kennedy presented the request from the Base—Community Council of Southern Nevada
for a grant from the City in the amount of $1,250.00 for a six-months operation from
July 1st to December 31st, 1957. The City Manager explained that proportionate
shares were to be received from the other local governmental agencies, and it was
the belief of the Base-Community Council that after six months time their needs would
be taken care of under the United Fund.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the Base-Community Council of Southern Nevada
for a grant from the City of $1,250.00 for the period from July 1 to December 31;

1957 be approved, and the Comptroller authorized to issue six (6) equal payments.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the purchase requisition in the amount of $3,465.00 for
replacement of a motor in the fire engine stationed at the Hyde Park Fire Station, and
requested its approval. Mr. Kennedy stated that since the equipment was a Seagrave
truck the only applicable firm to request a price from was Seagrave-Hirsch Inc.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7784 in the total amount of
$3,465.00 to Seagrave-Hirsch Inc. for a replacement motor for the fire engine at Hyde
Park Station be approved and a purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The City Manager requested permission to purchase Clark County School Bonds in the
amount of $6,000 out of the Cemetery Perpetual Care Fund. Mr. Kennedy explained
that this money has been previously invested in Federal Bonds with an approximate
interest rate of 2-3/8%, but that the County School Bonds would realize an estimated

4.55%.

Commissioner Fountain moved the City Manager be authorized to invest $6,000 of the
City's Cemetery Perpetual Care Fund in Clark County School Bonds; and he is further
instructed to purchase ten (l) year bonds, and the Comptroller and Treasurer author-
ized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented the purchase requisition in the amount of $2,420.00 for
fire-fighting clothes for the additional personnel in the Fire Department. Mr. Kennedy
explained that this request was for equipment such as helmets, turn-out pants and coats,
and boots, and that this was the lowest bid that had been received from contacting
several firms.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7785 to Wardlaw Equipment Co.
for fire-fighting clothes in the total amount of $2,420.00 be approved, and the pur-
chase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the District Court has requested that the City
appoint as appraiser to determine the amount of damage to the property of Anne M.

Powell, whose claim is presently in Court. The City Manager reminded the Commission
that this claimant purports that damage was caused to her house and property from
water coming from the sewage disposal, plant.

Discussion was held, and it was the consensus of the Commission that there should be
three appraisers on this matter, rather than just one person.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Court for appointment of an appraiser
in the claim for damage suit by Anne M. Powell be approved, with the stipulation
that three appraisers be agreed upon to act in this capacity.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented purchase requisitions for the printing of ballots and
furnishing of poll book covers for the City's Primary and General Elections held
May 7th and June 4th, 1957; and recommended their approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 2223 to Bonanza Printers
in the total amount of $1,181.00 and Purchase Requisition No. 2224 to Brimmie's in
the total amount of $1050.00 for election supplies be approved and the purchase
orders authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

LEASE OF CITY LAND
Whiting Bros.

BASE-COMMUNITY COUNCIL
Fund Grant

WEST CHARLESTON
FIRE STATION

Fire Engine Motor
Replacement

INVESTMENT OF FUNDS
Cemetery Perpetual
Care Fund -

School Bonds

FIRE FIGHTING CLOTHES
To be Purchased

CONDEMNATION SUIT
Anne M. Powell

ELECTION SUPPLIES