At this time City Manager Kennedy recommended that Bid No. 56.34 for the furnishing
of Batteries to the City be awarded to the Las Vegas Auto Parys as the most acceptable
battery for City equipment.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Bid
No. 56.34 be awarded to the Las Vegas Auto Parts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, commissioner Sharp. Commissioner
Sharp stated that he voted against this motion for the same reasons he voted against the
motion on the award of Bid No. 56.33.

Messrs. David and Albert Mengarelli were present and requested that the Commission
defer action on their application for a slot machine license at the Log Cabin Bar, 122
North 1st Street until the next meeting, due to the fact their counsel was not present.

The Commission advised the applicants that since this gaming application was made for the
location at 122 North 1st Street the matter should be discussed with the City Manager.

Commissioner Fountain moved the fee deposited by Willard J. Bren for a package liquor license
at 2007 E. Charleston be refunded and Mr. Bren advised there are no licenses available.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of the Moose Lodge, 922 E. Stewart for a club
liquor license. The Commission authorized the refund of the money deposited and notification
to the applicant that this location is in violation of the ordinance which prohibits the
issuance of a liquor license within 400 feet of a church.

The City Manager requested permission to advertise for contracts on the Parking Lots
leased by the City.

Commissioner Bunker moved this authorization be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that at the meeting of June 6, 1956 award of Bid No. 56.18
for the installation of traffic signals system at South 5th and San Francisco had been made
to the low bidder subject to signing of the contract, posting of bond and a financial report.
Mr. Kennedy stated that the conditions of the award of this bid to Galland Electric had not
been met and recommended the award of said bid withdrawn pending further investigation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and the award of
Bid No. 56.18 to Galland Electric on June 6, 1956 be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Assistant City Attorney Ralston O. Hawkins introduced a resolution authorizing a surety bond
for the City in an amount not to exceed $500 for the purpose of taking immediate possession
of the land owned by Ancell G. Grown and others for the purpose of constructing Owens Avenue,
and requested adoption of the same.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas had filed an action in eminent domain against Ancell

G.	Brown and others for the purpose of constructing Owens Avenue; and

WHEREAS, the City desires immediate possession of parcel 1 as described in the Com-
plaint on file in Case No. 78483 in the Eighth Judicial District Court of the State of
Nevada in and for the County of Clark; and

WHEREAS, in order to obtain such possession it is necessary for the City to post a
bond to assure the property owner that his damages and cost will be paid, such bond to be
not less than double the value of the premises sought to be condemned.

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 28th day of June, 1956, that the Mayor
and City Clerk be authorized to sign a surety bond for the City of Las Vegas as Principal
in an amount not to exceed $500 for the purpose of taking immediate possession of land
the subject of an action in eminent domain commenced by the City of Las Vegas against Ancell
G. Brown and others, such bond to be in favor of Ancell G. Brown and Connie Brown.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign agreement with Ancell
and Connie Brown for immediate occupation of the aforementioned property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the right-of-way deed for Baltimore Avenue from the Meadows
Addition east to South $th Street as submitted by Louis DuBois.

On Motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp the following resolution
is adopted and order made:

BID NO. 56.34
Batteries
Awarded

GAMING APPLICATION
LOG CABIN BAR

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
REFUND OF DEPOSIT
Bren's Liquor Store

Moose Lodge
PARKING LOT BIDS



BID NO. 56.18
Traffic Signals

OWENS AVENUE
Condemnation
Resolution



OWENS AVENUE
Condemnation
Agreement

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED
Louis DuBois
Baltimore