Las Vegas, Nevada
June 27, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 27th day of June, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 8:05 P.M. by Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.	D.	Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.	W.	Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.	H.	Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	R.	F.	Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

This being the time set for J. D. Bentley, owner of Bentley's Trading Post at 205 Fremont
to appear to show cause why his business license should not be revoked or suspended, His
Honor asked if Mr. Bentley was present.

Attorney Madison B. Graves, representing Mr. Bentley stated that they were present.

Sgt. Wayne McDorman from the Police Department gave a report on the investigation of the
location and presented evidence to the Commission of the type of indecent literature and
novelties that are exposed for sale and can be purchased at the Bentley Trading Post.

Mayor Baker asked Mr. Bentley if he denied that he was selling and exposing for sale
the evidence submitted by the Police Department.

Mr. Graves stated that his client denied the charge on the basis that they did not know
what obscene literature was supposed to have been on the premises. The Commission invited
Mr. Graves to see what had been purchased by the officer investigating this matter.

Mr. Bentley explained that he had not been actively operating this business for the last
three years, and that in fact, had the business sold at one time but it was necessary to
repossess. He further stated that if he had realized this merchandise was being sold, he
would have disposed of it long ago. He indicated that if he was permitted to continue to
operate he would check his merchandise to see that this does not happen again.

The Commission reminded Mr. Bentley that he was the owner of the business and responsible
for its operation. They further cautioned him on the operation because of its accessi-
bility to children. The Board advised Mr. Bentley that if another incident of this
nature occurred his license will be revoked.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrant No. 7076 in the total amount
of $583.75 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Ivin P. and Irma W. MacDonald, Idle Hour Pool
Hall, 19 Ogden for a Beer License be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of J. A. Ewing, Greyhound Posthouse Cafe, 112
South Main Street for a Beverage license be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. John Sullivan representing C. Norman Cornwall, attorney for Fitzsimmons
Stores Ltd. in their application for a Wholesale Liquor and Importers Beverage license
for the Thriftimart was present to request approval of the application.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that the application could not be acted upon
for two reasons. First, there is an ordinance limiting the number of Wholesale licenses
that can be issued; and secondly, this is not the proper zone for this type of license.

Mr. Sullivan stated that he was not aware that the zoning was improper and requested per-
mission to have the application approved subject to obtaining a location in the correct
zone. He further advised the Commission that the applicant felt that if the license was
not granted, that their business would be greatly curtailed.

Mayor Baker asked Mr. Sullivan if the fact that the Commission had not taken any action
on this application for a Wholesale license might not be an indication that the application
was not going to be approved. He reminded the applicant that a Retail Package liquor
license had been approved for the Thriftimart at the last meeting of the Commission.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Fitzsimmons Store Ltd. by James
C. Russell for a Wholesale Liquor and Importers Beverage license at the Thriftimart,

2200 West Bonanza be denied because there are no licenses available and the location is
not in the proper zone.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

HEARING ON LICENSE
Bentley's Trading
Post

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANT

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
NEW

Idle Hour Pool Hall

GREYHOUND POSTHOUSE
Thriftimart