The City Manager requested authorization for the Mayor to sign a letter
to the Federal Bureau of Prisoners giving them the required thirty days
notice that the cost for the care of Federal prisoners will be increased
from $2.00 per day per prisoner to $4.00. Mr. Kennedy advised the Com-
mission that these prisoners cannot be kept at $2.00 per day.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor be authorized to sign a letter to
the Federal Bureau of Prisoners giving thirty days notice of the in-
crease in cost for care of Federal prisoners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners has learned that the City of Las
Vegas has attained the best record in the United States for cities of
comparable size in traffic safety; and

WHEREAS, traffic enforcement is only a part of the duties of the
Police Department of the City of Las Vegas which has received favor-
able public comment; and

WHEREAS, the speedy apprehension of criminals by the Police Depart-
ment of the City of Las Vegas has received much favorable public com-
ment; and

WHEREAS, the officers and members of the Las Vegas Police Depart-
ment have been carrying out all their assigned duties in a manner con-
sistent with the finest examples of police function anywhere; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas to express publicly its appreciation to the Las Vegas Police
Department as a whole, and to Chief R. K. Sheffer for a job "well done",

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas that the Board does hereby express its gratitude to and
publicly commends Chief R. K. Sheffer, personally and the officers and
members individually of the Las Vegas Police Department for their fine
record in performing their police functions; for their loyalty and de-
votion to duty; for their public service to the citizens of the City of
Las Vegas; and for their confidence and pride in their department,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution be entered upon the
official records of the City of Las Vegas,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a duly certified copy of this resolution
be forthwith transmitted to the Las Vegas Police Department and to Chief
R. K. Sheffer, personally.

ADOPTED and APPROVED this 2nd day of October, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Clerk read the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve Unit has served in
cooperation with and has rendered assistance to the regular Las Vegas
Police Department in times of need; and

WHEREAS, in the year 1956, the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve
Unit worked a total of 4,825 hours in cooperation with the Las Vegas
Police Department; and

WHEREAS, the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve Unit has at all
times when requested served willingly and effectively in handling the
various duties assigned to them; and

WHEREAS, the members of the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve Unit
has devoted many hours of their own time in training programs within
their own Club; and

WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas to express publicly its appreciation and commendation to
the Las Vegas Police Department Reserve Unit,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 2nd day

FEDERAL PRISONERS
Care Contract



RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION -

Police Department

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION
Police Reserve
Unit

