Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be authorized to intervene in be-
half of the City to request extension of Bonanza Airlines service from Bakers-
field to Los Angeles via Riverside, Apple Valley and Ontario.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Sharp,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented the request of Maude Bartlett for reduction
of the solicitor's license fee to see Childcraft.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to reduce this license
as he sees fit.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney be granted permission to attend the
National Institute of Municipal Law Officers conference in Miami, Florida, Novem-
ber 20-27th with $500.00 expenses allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Whipple, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the City Engineer be authorized to spend $750.00 for
the improvement of North 2nd Street from Bonanza Road to the Naval Armory and
approximately $1,000 for the improvement of Highland Avenue from Charleston to
Western Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

Commissioner Fountain moved that John Replogle be retained as the architect for
the plans on the Fire Alarm Building.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none;

Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Engineering Department be authorized to adver-
tise for bids for the construction of the new fire station on Industrial Road.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting ayes; noes,
none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Attorney's salary be increased from $500.00
to $600.00 per month effective November 1, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker,Fountain,Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	

 City Clerk	RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed Whipple,
and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made: BE IT

RESOLVED, this 2nd day of November, 1955; by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 26th day of October, 1955;
executed by A1 Wendleboe and Leona H. Wendleboe, husband and wife and Jack Wollenzien and Lottie
H. Wollenzien, husband and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and
intentions as therein set forth; and BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be

attached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of

the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.
STATE OF NEVADA )

COUNTY OF CLARK ) ss.

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of

Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the Resolution

accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners held on the 2nd day of November, 1955.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

(SEAL)	Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

For: West Charleston Boulevard	By________________, Deputy

SOLICITORS' LICENSE
REDUCTION

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
City Attorney

STREET IMPROVEMENT
North 2nd & Highland

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Architect Hired

FIRE STATION BIDS
To be called

SALARY INCREASE
City Attorney