The East-West alley bisecting Block 32, HFM&M Addition from the center line of "H"

Street, 79½ feet eastwardly to an existing sever in said alley.

SECTION 2. Section 4 of Emergency Ordinance No. 666 is hereby amended to
read as follows:

That the entire cost and expense of making said improvements, including all
incidental expenses which may be legally included in the sums assessed, including,
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the cost of surveys, plans, assess-
ments, the costs of construction, and the fees and compensation properly charged in
the work of making special assessments, shall be defrayed by special assessments made
according to the benefits against the owners and the assessable lots, premises and
property specially benefited by such improvements and included within said District,
proportionately to the benefits received. The entire cost and expense of making
said improvements are deemed to be $20,207.91 and the total of the special assessments
so levied shall be in that amount.

SECTION 3. Section 15 of Emergency Ordinance No. 666 is hereby amended to
read as follows:

That said assessments shall be due and payable at the office of the County
Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio
Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, within two weeks after said special
assessment roll is confirmed and approved, without interest and without demand; pro-
vided, that all such assessments, or any part thereof, may, at the election of the
owner, be paid in installments, with interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to
pay the whole assessment, or any part thereof, within said period of two weeks shall
be conclusively considered and held an election on the part of all persons interested,
whether under disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such
election to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office
of the said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments
of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and payable
on or before the 1st day of February, 1957; and the remainder of said installments
shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in each year there-
after until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the unpaid and deferred in-
stallments or principal from the 1st day of February, 1956, at the same rate of in-
terest as that provided for in' the special assessment bonds to be hereafter authorized,
sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed seven per centum (7%) per annum, payable
annually at the office of said Ex-Officio City Treasurer, the first annual payment of
interest being due and payable on the said 1st day of February, 1957; and the re-
mainder of said annual installments of interest being due and payable on the 1st day
of February in each year thereafter. Failure to pay any installment, whether of
principal or interest , when due, shall cause the whole of the unpaid principal to
become due and payable immediately, and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and
accrued interest shall thereafter bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum,
until the day of sale, but at any time prior to the day of sale, the owner may pay the
amount of all unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum,
and all penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be be restored to the right thereafter
to pay in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The
owner of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any
time, pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the
next interest paying date,

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the tax
roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the County
Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, is
hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said County and
to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said tax roll, and
the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer and Ex-Officio
Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to collect
the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as other State and County taxes
are collected.

SECTION 4. That all action (not inconsistent with the provision of this ordi-
nance, including the confirmation of Assessment Roll No. 36-1956, and the award of
the construction contract, heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers
of said City, directed toward the making of said improvements by installing a sanitary
sewer along certain streets, alleys and easements and portions of streets, alleys
and easements therein in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17,
toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special assess-
ments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified, approved
and confirmed.

SECTION 5. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or parts of
by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance, are hereby
repealed.

SECTION 6. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or parts of
this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such judgment
shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this ordinance,
but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences, clauses
or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the inapplicability
and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause or part of this ordinance, in any one
or more instances shall not affect or prejudice in any way the applicability and
validity of this ordinance in any other instances.

SECTION 7. That by reason of the fact that the sewer system of the City of Las
Vegas is inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its inhabi-
tants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to extend said sewer system,
therefore, it is hereby declared that exists, and that this ordinance is necessary
for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

SECTION 8. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for two suc-
cessive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in the Las Vegas
Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall be-
come effective immediately following the second publication hereof.