Acting City Manager Gates presented the resolution of commendation of Officer R. R. Scott
requested to be prepared at the February 6, 1957 meeting of the Commission.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has a Police Department of which all citizens
of the City can well be proud; and

WHEREAS, policemen are not only charged with the responsibility of preserving
law and order, but also with the responsibility of protecting life and property; and

WHEREAS, many times outstanding accomplishments are made by police officers
in saving lives and property without regard to the policeman's own safety; and

WHEREAS, Police Officer R. R. SCOTT of the Las Vegas Police Department on January
24th, 1957 prevented a possible loss of life or injury to property by stopping a runaway
driverless vehicle on East Bonanza Road in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the act of Patrolman R. R. SCOTT is one which is worthy of public
commendation;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 20th day of February, 1957; that said
Board of Commissioners, by this Resolution, publicly commend Patrolman R. R. SCOTT of
the Las Vegas Police Department for his devotion to duty and disregard of the consequences
to his own safety in stopping a runaway driverless vehicle before said vehicle could in-
flict damage to the person or property of others.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
spread a copy of this Resolution on the Minutes of the Books of said City and made a
part of his personnel record; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
send a copy of this Resolution of commendation to PATROLMAN R. R. SCOTT of the Las Vegas,
Nevada, Police Department.

DATED this 20th day of February, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Whipple moved
this meeting recess until 8:00 P.M. February 28, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

2-20-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
February 28, 1957

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 28th day of February, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 8:00 P. M. by His
Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney Howard Cannon advised the Commission that he had met with C. Norman Cornwall,
member of the Board of Directors of the Las Vegas Valley Water District concerning the
proposed legislative change to the Water District Act.

Mr. Cannon stated that the Water District would go along with the proposed change if certain
amendments were made. He said the change were as follows:

1. In the portion of the act that relates to the District complying with all laws
and ordinances of incorporated cities or towns, that the following be added:

Covering Fire Codes, Electrical Codes, Building Codes, Plumbing Codes,
provided however, the said District shall have the right to make its own
installations, and shall comply with Planning and Zoning ordinances except
as to the construction of wells, reservoirs, pump stations, substations and
other facilities used for the production, storage and distributions of water
in the area, embraced within the now existing well field in the following
described parcel of land (description to be inserted); provided further that
the said district shall have the right to enlarge, maintain, repair and re-
construct present existing facilities now located on properties now owned by
said District.

2-28-57

RESOLUTION -
Commendation
Officer Scott

LEGISLATIVE CHANGE
Water District Act