The Mayor then publicly asked if anyone desired to make any objection, suggestion
or comment, or raise any questions, concerning said District.

Mr. Robert E. Jones, property owner in the area appeared and stated that the prop-
erty owners did not object to the installation of the sewer in Bonanza Village,
but wondered why it could not be placed in the alleys instead of the streets.

George E. Wade, City Engineer, explained that the reason for this was that they
had been unsuccessful in obtaining rights-of-way for alleys in this district.

Mr. John L. Seymour also raised the same question.

Commissioner Whipple moved the hearing on the creation of this district be con-
tinued until February 1, 1956 to see if the rights-of-way for the alleys can be
secured and sewers installed in the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missionrs Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent: Commissioner Sharp.

PUBLIC HEARING	This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the naming of that

Street Name	certain street lying between Main Street and Rancho High School running east

Foremaster Lane	and west, south of Vegas Village and Woodlawn Cemetery, the matter was considered

	by the Commission.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the naming of this street
Foremaster Lane. There were no objections voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this street be named Foremaster Lane and
the following resolution adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, there have been requests to name that certain street lying between
Main Street and Rancho High School south of Woodlawn Cemetery and Vegas Village
as FOREMASTER LANE; and

WHEREAS, the matter was referred to the City Planning Commission of Las Vegas,
Nevada; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas set a Public
Hearing on the proposed street name and gave notice thereof as required by law,
which Public Hearing was duly held on the l8th day of January, 1956; and

WHEREAS, at said Public Hearing all persons were given an opportunity to
protest and be heard; and

WHEREAS, the following proposed name met with the approval of all persons in
attendance at said Public Hearing and met with the approval of the Commission, and
the Commission finds that said name will facilitate mail deliveries, aid in loca-
ting various properties, and will assist the Fire Department and Police Department
in carrying out their duties,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 18th day of January,
1956, that the name of the street hereinafter described to-wit:

The South 30 feet of the North 790 feet of the West 2640
feet of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M; and the South 30
feet of the North 820 feet of the West 2640 feet of Sec-
tion 26, T20S, R61E, MDB&M,

be and the same hereby is named FOREMASTER LANE.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED,that a copy of this Resolution be signed by the Mayor,
attested by the City Clerk and recorded with the Clark County Recorder as re-
quired by law.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk
(SEAL)

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

BID NO. 56.01	Discussion was held on the bids for towing service for the City, said bids having

Towing Contract	been deferred from January 4, 1956. The proposal of Bandle's Auto Body, Elling-

Awarded	ham's Body & Fender, Wayne's Auto Body and Gene's Auto Body was that the contract

	be performed equally by the four firms, with no fees being paid the City. The

Bid of Gene's Auto Body was that they would pay the City $360.00 per month for
the contract.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the proposal of Gene's Auto Body be accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,Commissioner Fountain.
Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.