BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a
regular meeting on the 1st day of August, 1956, having considered the application of
Dr. Harry E. Fightlin for a Use Permit to build and operate a medical office on
Maryland Parkway between Bridger and Lewis Avenue (Lots 25 through 27, Block 10,

Pioneer Heights Addition) in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the applicant signing an agreement and posting a performance bond
and being advised these conditions had been complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. Harry E.
Fightlin to build and operate a medical office on Maryland Parkway between Bridge and
Lewis Avenue (Lots 25 through 27, Block 10, Pioneer Heights Addition) in an R-4 zone
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of E. W. Van Buskirk for variance to
vary the front yard requirements on Lots 2-6, 10, 13, l4, Block 28; Lots 4, 7, 8, 9-14),
65-70, 73-78, Block 27; Lots 41 and 42, Block 26 all in Charleston Heights?^ in an R-1
zone. The Board of Adjustment recommended denial of this application for variance since
it was felt that the applicant could redesign the buildings and/or construct smaller
structures.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on the 1st day of August, 1956 having considered the application of E. W. Van
Buskirk for Variance to vary the front yard requirements on Lots 206, 10, 13, l4, Block
28; Lots b, 7, 8, 9,-l4, 63-70, 73-78, Block 27; and Lots 4l and 42, Block 26 all in
Charleston Heights #4 in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application for variance since it was felt the applicant could redesign the buildings and/
or construct smaller structures;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of E. W. Van Bus-
kirk for Variance to vary front yard requirements on Lots 2-6, 10, 13, l4, Block 28; Lots
4, 7, 8, 9-l4, 63-70, 73,78, Block 27; Lots 4l and 42, Block 26 all in Charleston Heights
in an R-4 zone be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that Curb Parking be banned on
West Washington Street west of Highway 93, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation be accepted and the following resolution
adopted:

RE SOLUTION

WHEREAS, the volume of traffic on Washington Avenue west of U.S.Highway 95 to Twin
Lakes Drive has the effect of congesting the street and impeding the movement of traffic,
especially when parking on the street is permitted; and

WHEREAS, the practice of parking on said street tends to further impede traffic and
in addition thereto constitutes a danger to the life, limb, and property of other motorists,
pedestrians and others; and

WHEREAS, it is the opinion of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that
the public interest will be best served by prohibiting parking on Washington Avenue, west
of U.S. Highway 95 to Twin Lakes Drive,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
as follows:

No person shall stop, stand, or park a vehicle, except when necessary to avoid
conflict with other traffic or in compliance with law or the directions of a police
officer on either side of Washington Avenue from the west right-of-way line of U.S.
Highway 95, known as Tonopah Highway, to Twin Lakes Drive.

PASSED, ADOPTED and APPROVED this 1st day of August, 1956

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

VARIANCE -V-ll-36
E. W. Van Buskirk
Denied

Curb Parking Banned
West Washington