NOW; THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Harley E. Harmon
for variance to waive side yard requirements to construct a professional office building
on Maryland Parkway and Lewis Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

The application of Dr. John F. and Jacqueline Vos for a use permit to convert an existing
duplex into a professional office building at 1105-07 South 3rd Street (LOTS 3 and 4;

Block 18, South Addition) in an R-4 zone, was considered by the Commission. The Board of
Adjustment recommended approval of this use permit, subject to the applicant signing an
agreement and filing a bond for the installation of off-site improvements. The Board was
advised that these conditions have been complied with.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there were any objections to this use Permit. None were
voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be approved and- the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting on the 5th day of September, 1956, having considered the application of Dr. John
F. and Jacqueline Vos for use permit to convert an existing duplex into a professional
office building at 1105-07 South 3rd Street (Lots 3 and 4, Block 18, South Addition) in
an R-4 zone; and

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. John F. and
Jacqueline Vos for use permit to convert an existing duplex into a professional office
building at 1105-07 South 3rd Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Discussion was held on the proposed alignment of Highland Drive from West Charleston to
West San Francisco. The Planning Commission recommended that the line which presently denotes
the zoning boundary line between the M-1 and R-1 zoning districts, some 450 feet west of
the UPRR tracks be used as the center line of this highway.

Mr. Art Ham Jr. was present and requested that this matter be held because of its importance
until a full Board is present.

A1 Lusk and Angelo Manzi were present and requested immediate action by the Commission on
this recommendation from the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be continued until the next regular meeting when all
the members of the Commission are present, and that maps indicating the proposed align-
ment of Highland Drive and the zoning in this area be prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.48 for the installation
of a complete Fire Alarm System, bids were received from the following firms:

GAMEWALL COMPANY	$78,857.07

REYNOLDS ELECTRIC CO.	90,414.l7

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Public Works Department
for computation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of J. A. Cordon and L. D. Stein for a use permit
to construct a super service station on the northwest corner of 16th and Charleston (E 39'
of Lot 9 and all of Lot 10, Block 3, Amended Mayfair Tract #2), in a C-1 zone.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for a use permit be held in abeyance for
further investigation on the setbacks and the off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer George E. Wade advised the Commission the Francisco Park #2 subdivision had
been completed and recommend that it be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Sharp moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the City Engineer that
the Francisco Park #2 be accepted and the subdivision performance bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the final acceptance of Charleston Heights No. 3 and the release
of the performance bond be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker and Commissioner Bunker.

USE PERMIT -U-37-56
Dr. John F. Vos

HIGHLAND DRIVE
Alignment

BID NO. 56.48
Fire Alarm System

USE PERMIT -U-38-56
Gordon & Stein

FRANCISCO PARK #2
Bond Released



CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 3

Acceptance & Bond
Released