HEATERS FOR CITY	City Manager Kennedy reported that it will be necessary to provide heat for the new

BARNS	buildings at the City Barns, and requested permission to advertise for bids for gas

Permission to Advertise heaters. He stated the estimated cost was $1887.00.



Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that bids be advertised for the furnishing and installing
of gas heaters for the City Barns.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING APPLICATIONS
Time for Hearings

City Manager Kennedy reported that pursuant to the request of the Commission he had met
with the Las Vegas Realty Board concerning their letter requesting that meetings of the
Planning Commission on rezoning applications be held oftener than is presently being done.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the Realty Board would like to have meetings possible once a month
until a new master plan or land use plan can be adopted. He further stated that this organi-
zation had offered to assist the City in any way possible to help facilitate the prepara-
tion of the master plan. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the Planning Commission
estimated that it would require approximately one year to complete the new plan, and
requested that the Board of Commissioners meet with the Planning Commission to see if some-
thing can be worked out to handle applications during this interim period.

The Commission requested that the correspondence from the Las Vegas Realty Board and
the Federated Employers Association on the same subject be referred to the Planning
Commission for discussion and recommendation.

ADDITION TO CITY JAIL
Payment to Architect



City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Harry H. Whitely, architect for the addi-
tion to the City Jail for payment for the plans for the second story for which construction
is not contemplated. Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that this bill had been discussed
with the City Attorney's office and it was their opinion that Mr. Whitely was entitled to
one-half of his contracted fee, since the plans had been requested and approved even though
this portion of the addition was not going to be built.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that Harry H. Whitely be paid 50% of $1,162.50 for
the plans for the second story of the addition to the City Jail, and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SOLICITOR'S LICENSE

Request for Reduction

At this time the request of Nettie Lockwood for reduction of the solicitor's license fee
to permit her to s ell artificial flowers on the street, was considered. City Manager
Kennedy reminded the Commission that Mrs. Lockwood's license fee had been reduced to $5.00
per quarter prior to the revision of the business license ordinance now in effect which
makes the minimum fee $40.00 per year.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of Nettie Lockwood for further reduction of the
solicitor's license fee be tabled.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of George Steffey for reduction of the solicitor's
license fee to permit house to house solicitation for the sale of blind made products.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Mr. Steffey proposed to employ approximately ten
disabled veterans to sell these products that are made in federal institutions in the
western area of the United States.

REDUCTION OF CITY
Employees
Resolution



The Commission referred this request to the City Manager for handling.

At this time the City Manager Kennedy presented a resolution authorizing the reduction of
some employees in various departments of the City and reported that this would abolish 17
positions under this year's budget. He stated that four of these positions are presently
occupied by employees, the others are vacancies that have not been refilled. Mr. Kennedy
advised the Commission that according to the Civil Service Rules and Regulations the
abolition of these positions must be accomplished by the adoption of a resolution.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS Section IX G. of the Civil Service Rules and Regulations of the City of Las
Vegas authorize the Board of Commissioners to determine if certain positions and employments
in the competitive service of the City of Las Vegas should be abolished; and

WHEREAS, positions or employments may be abolished if it becomes necessary in the
interest of economy or because the necessity for the positions and employments involved no
longer exists, and

WHEREAS, an investigation has been made of the necessity for certain positions in the
competitive service and in the judgment of the Board of Commissioners certain positions and
employments should be abolished,

NOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 17th day of October, 1956 that in the interest
of economy and because the necessity for the position or employment in the competitive
service no longer exists, the following positions and employments are hereby abolished, to-wit

PARK DEPARTMENT

1 Assistant Cemetery Superintendent

DEPARTMENT OF FINANCE

1 Budget Officer

1 Intermediate Steno-Clerk

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC WORKS

1 Chief Inspector

1 Construction Inspector A

1 Construction Inspector B

1 Instrumentman

10-17-56