Las Vegas, Nevada
March 20, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 20th day of March, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Assoc. Planner	Donald J. Saylor

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

This being the time set for Mr. Richard Toleno to appear before the Commission to show
cause why his contractor's license should not be revoked for non-performance of off-site
improvements in Paradise Plaza, Mr. Toleno was present.

The Commission was advised that Mr. Toleno had signed an agreement and filed a bond
covering the installation of these improvements.

Commissioner Whipple moved the bond and agreement on Paradise Plaza be accepted and
that the show order cause against Richard Toleno be terminated.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of Hattie May Pavlo for reclassification of
Lots A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H, Resubdivision of Block 20, Ladd's Addition (Between
Fremont and Ogden from l4th to 15th Street) from R-3 to R-4.

Associate Planner Donald Saylor reported to the Commission that this application had
been approved by the Planning Commission. Mr. Saylor explained that protests had
been received from two adjacent property owners, one of which was informally withdrawn
at the Planning Commission hearing. He stated that written protests were also received
from James L. Delkin and Fred L. Delkin, brothers of the applicant, who hold a Second
Deed of Trust on the property, but investigation revealed that their interest is secon-
dary to the interest of the applicant and the holder of the First Deed of Trust, who
does not object. Mr. Saylor reported that at the present time there are 32 apartments
units on the property and it is proposed, if the rezoning is approved, to have a total
number of approximately 50 units.

Mr. Jack Perry, representing Mrs. Pavlo appeared before the Board at this time and ex-
plained that at the time the protestant had appeared at the Planning Commission they had
not seen the plans for improvement. He stated that since that time they had seen
these plans, and he felt there was no longer any objection to the rezoning.

At this time Commissioner Whipple left the meeting.

Mayor Baker asked Mrs. Pavlo if a contract had been let for this project and if it was
her intent to put in these improvements immediately.

Mrs. Pavlo advised the Commission that she had a temporary commitment for financing
the project, but the actual money would not be forthcoming until the rezoning had been
approved. She stated that it was her intent to proceed immediately to improve her
property.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commission Fountain moved that Lots A, B, C, D, E, F, G and H of the Resub-
division of Block 20, Ladd's Addition be rezoned from R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioners Sharp and

Whipple.

At this time the Commission considered the application of Doris E. Brown for the reclas-
sification of the East 50 feet of Lots 1,2, 3 and 4, Block 27, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite
(southeast comer of 3rd and Lewis) from R-4 to C-1.

Mr. Saylor explained that the Planning Commission had denied this application on the
ground that this is a very small portion of a block which is now zoned and entirely developed
for residential purposes. He stated that there were no protests at the public hearing.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accepted and
the application for rezoning from R-4 to C-1 of the East 50 feet of Lots 1, 2, 3 and 4,
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite (Block 27), denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioners Sharp

and Whipple.

At this time Commissioner Whipple returned to the meeting.

SHOW CAUSE
HEARING

Richard Toleno



REZONING _ Z-l-57
Hattie May Pavlo



REZONING - Z-2-57
Doris E. Brown