Commissioner Fountain moved this request be granted and authorization given to place the
money in escrow for the purchase of Lots 27 through 32, Block 2, Park View Addition.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the tentative plan on the property located on the corner of North
2nd and Mesquite. Mr. Kennedy requested permission to install a 10,000 gallon gasoline
tank on the back portion of the lot to be used by both the Police and Fire Departments.

Commissioner Fountain moved this tentative plan be approved and authorization granted for
the installation of these improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy requested permission to insert in the notice to bidders on the City-
owned parking lots that the City will not consider any proposal where the combined con-
sideration of monies to be paid the City equals less than $2,867.30 per month. Mr. Kennedy
explained that this figure is the basic figure of the cost to the City for rent, improvements,
taxes etc. Authorization was granted.

At this time the City Manager requested permission to install air conditioning in the east
wing of the City Hall. Mr. Kennedy stated that the contract with Western Heating & Venti-
lating could be expanded to include this improvement at an approximate cost of $6,203.00.

He further requested authorization for the expenditure of approximately $2,000.00 to change
the electrical work to permit the transfer of the Print Shop to the portion of the City
Hall now occupied by the Electrical Department.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request of the City Manager for the installation of air
conditioning in the east wing of City Hall and the change over of the electrical work be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy presented the request of the Southern Nevada Power Company for tentative
approval of the plan to run the power lines to the proposed sewer plant and rehabilitation
farm. Mr. Kennedy reported that this would cost approximately $3,514.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request for tentative approval of the plans to run the power
line to the sewer plant and rehabilitation farm be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution establishing the prices on various
lots in Woodlawn Cemetery be approved:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, on the 6th day of June, 1956, the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas adopted a Resolution establishing the price of the various lots in Woodlawn
Cemetery; and

WHEREAS, since that time it has been brought to the attention of the Board that
certain fees provided for in said Resolution should be reduced; and

WHEREAS, the maintenance problem of graves which contain wooden boxes is such that
a change must be made in this respect;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of August, 1956, that the lot sale
prices for interments made in Woodlawn Cemetery from and after August 1, 1956, shall be
as follows, to-wit:

Lot Sales	Amount

Sections O-OA-S	$ 30.00

Sections M-N-P-Q-R-T-W	80.00

Sections U-V	100.00

Sections H-AA (County Plot)	25.00

Sections BP, A-2, D-2, D-3	25.00

Sectional Vault Sales	Amount

Adult	$ 26.00

Infant, 3 foot maximum	15.00

Infant, 4 foot maximum	18.00

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that from and after the date of this resolution, no interments
shall be permitted in Woodlawn Cemetery in wooden boxes, minimum to be concrete liners.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of August, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the General Parking, Inc. be notified that their contract with
the City for the operation of City Parking lots is cancelled due to the fact they have not
complied with the provision that requires the construction of multi-story building for
parking within eighteen months after the signing of the original contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Tentative Plan

NOTICE TO BID
PARKING LOTS

AIR CONDITIONING
City Hall

POWER LINES-
Sewer Plant &
Rehabilitation Farm

RESOLUTION -
Cemetery Fees



GENERAL PARKING INC.
Contract Cancelled