Las Vegas, Nevada

June 20, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
20th day of June, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by Mayor Baker with the
following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Administrative

Assistant	R. F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Director of Planning	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

This being the time set for Elijah Pullens, owner of the Westside Grocery-store located at
322 Madison to appear before the Commission to show cause why his business and beer licenses
should not be suspended or revoked, His Honor asked the City Manager to make a report on
the investigation of this matter.

Mr. Kennedy reported that Building, Fire, Police and Health Departments had made inspections
of this Building, and the reports indicated that the premises did not meet the requirements
of these Codes. He stated that Mr. Pullens had operated the business since 1951 and it was
a non-conforming use in an R-4 zone. Mr. Kennedy further stated that on May 4, 1955 the
application of Mr. Pullens for a variance to re-build or replace his building at this location
was presented to the Commissioner. At this meeting the recommendation of the Board of Zoning
Adjustment that the variance be denied was held in abeyance for further study; at a sub-
sequent meeting on May 18, 1955 the matter was again presented with no conclusive action being
taken. Mr. Kennedy continued that up to the present time the variance application has still
not been denied nor approved.

The City Manager advised the Board that the Health Department had given notice that the store
must be closed because of unsanitary conditions and Mr. Pullens had complied by closing on
June 13, 1956. He further reported that the complaint concerning on-premise consumption of
beer not permitted under Mr. Pullen's off-sale license had ceased after notification by
the Police Department.

Thereafter Mr. Michael Hines appeared on behalf of Mr. Pullens and requested that the licenses
not be revoked.

Mr. Hones reported to the Commission that Mr. Pullens was able to secure financing to con-
struct a new building if the requested variance was approved.

Mr. Mike Terlizzi, local building contractor stated that if permission was granted the
present structure could be torn down and reconstruction commenced within a week or ten days.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Elijah Pullens for a zone variance
to rebuild or replace a building presently used for commercial purposes on Lot 6, Block 12,

Valley View Addition (NE corner of D and Madison) in an R-4 zone be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

WHEREAS on May 4, 1955, there was presented to this Commission the application of
Elijah Pullens for a zone variance to rebuild or replace a building presently used for
commercial purposes on Lot 6, Block 12, Valley View Addition (NE comer of D and Madison)

Streets in an R-4 zone; and

WHEREAS such application was reported unfavorably by the Board of Zoning Adjustment
on April 2% 19%; and

WHEREAS no further action on the matter has been taken by this Board since May 18,19%; and

WHEREAS representations by the owner have been made to this Board that if the variance
was approved, new construction could start in the near future which would remove the objections
of the building, fire, health, and police departments of the City; and

WHEREAS in light of such representations, and in order not to impose a hardship on
the owner, the Board is ready to grant such variance,

NOW,THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting held on the 20th day of June, 1956, that Elijah Pullens be granted a
zone variance to rebuild or replace a building presently used for commercial purposes on Lot
6, Block 12, Valley View Addition, (NE corner of D and Madison Streets) provided that such
building shall meet the requirements of the building code before any license to do business
is granted, provided further that no liquor may be sold in such premises.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Planning Director Bills presented the tentative map of Valley Properties lo-
cated in the NE¼ of Section 25, T20S, R61E and advised that the proposed subdivision had
been approved by the Planning Commission subject to a re-design of the property proposed
for public use; provision for adequate water supply; proper street design for drainage and
full development and improvement of Washington Avenue.

Commissioner Fountain moved this tentative map be denied until more evidence of adequate
water supply in this area can be furnished.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

WESTSIDE GROCERY
Licenses
&

Variance V-l4-55

TENTATIVE MAP -
Valley Properties