Mr. Bruce Gilbertson appeared before the Board and requested
permission to build four model homes on Parcels 15, 16, 17 and
18 of Bonanza Terrace. No action was taken by the Commission on
this request since the final map of this subdivision has not been
presented for consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commis-
sioner Fountain moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
June 5, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held this 5th day of June, 1957, was called to order at the hour
of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Works Engineer	Victor B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Administrative Assistant      Robert F. Boos

Mayor Baker requested that the Clerk read a letter from Commissioner
Wendell Bunker which advised the Commission that he would be unable to
attend this meeting since his daughter was graduating from the Las Vegas
High School. Commissioner Bunker further advised that the report from
the Juvenile Committee was ready and would be made at the first available
meeting.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Commissioner Bunker's reason for absence
from this meeting be made a matter of record.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mayor Baker announced that Walter J. Richards is to be appointed as Acting
Judge of the Municipal Court during the absence of Judge S. George Gilson,
commencing June 10th until Mr. Richards officially takes office on July 1,
1957. His Honor asked if there were any objections to this appointment;
none were voiced and the Commission concurred in this appointment.

Consideration was given to a letter under date of May 29, 1957, received from
Assemblyman George E. Franklin, Jr. in which he requested cities and counties
to adopt an ordinance making the cause for revoking a gaming license, contri-
butions to political campaigns.

Commissioner Whipple moved this letter be ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

His Honor announced that this was the time tor the continuation of the Public
Hearing on the petition of Otis & Florence Harris, Sam & Mattie Williams,
Julius Robinson and Ramsarut Maraj for the vacation of that portion of
Jackson Avenue between "N" Street and Highland Avenue.

Mayor Baker stated that the request had been made that this hearing be con-
tinued to give the City Attorney the opportunity to make a further legal

study of this matter, and asked if there were any objections to the con-
tinuance of the matter. No objections were voiced.

BONANZA TERRACE

Request to Build

Model Homes

ACTING JUDGE OF
MUNICIPAL COURT
Appointment

GAMING LICENSES -
Letter from Assembly-
man Franklin

PUBLIC HEARING -

Vacation of Jackson

Avenue

