City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Tom Rolofson, slot machine operator,
had given a check to the City for slot machine licenses which had. been returned by
the bank. Mr. Kennedy further reported that Mr. Rolofson had been contacted by the
License Department and advised of this fact, but had not made satisfactory disposition
of the matter.

Commissioner Whipple moved the gaming licenses issued to Tom Rolofson at the Clark
Dairy, Cut Rate Liquor Store, Hamburger Heaven, and Town Tavern be revoked., effective
March 28, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution commending Gerald Stewart for his
service as chairman of the Planning Commission for the City of Las Vegas, be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, GERALD K. STEWART, has served on the Regional Planning Commission of
Clark County, and as Chairman of the City Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas
since August 24, 1953; and

WHEREAS, his service on the Board of these Commissions has demonstrated his ability
and desire to be of public service to his community; and

WHEREAS, the serving on such Board is many times a thankless duty and is one which
is of tremendous responsibility and importance; and

WHEREAS, GERALD STEWART has submitted his resignation from the City Planning
Commission; and

WHEREAS, such resignation has been regretfully accepted by the Board of Commis-
sioners ; and

WHEREAS, his past services on the Planning Commission is worthy of public notice,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas at a meeting thereof held on the 27th day of March, 1957 that said City,
by this resolution, expresses its gratitude and appreciation to GERALD K. STEWART for
his untiring efforts in the development of a firm Planning and Zoning Program for
the expansion and growth of the City of Las Vegas and for his unselfish and untiring
efforts in helping to insure to the citizens of Las Vegas a better community in
which to live.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be, and she is hereby directed to
spread a copy of this resolution on the Minutes of the Books of the said City; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to
send a copy of this resolution to Mr. Gerald K. Stewart.

APPROVED this 27th day of March, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Mayor Baker stated that he thought the City should be represented at the Water District
hearings be someone from the Engineering Department and the City Attorney's office, in
addition to Commissioner Fountain who represents the Commission. Mayor Baker ex-
plained that it was his opinion that these representatives of the City could attend
the meetings and make a study of the situation so the public can be advised. He
further stated that he felt the Citys' representatives could work in conjunction with
North Las Vegas and Henderson to develop better cooperation with the Water District.

Commissioner Bunker moved that City Engineer George E. Wade and Assistant City Attorney
Ralston O. Hawkins be appointed to represent the City at meetings with the Water Dis-
trict.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker moved that an appropriate resolution commending Robert W.Notti for
his efforts in getting the City's legislation passed at the 1957 session of the Nevada
State Legislature be prepared, made a part of the minutes of this Commission, and filed
in Mr. Notti's personnel record.

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, during the recent session of the Nevada Legislature several important
bills affecting the future of the City of Las Vegas were introduced; and

WHEREAS, some of these bills met unexpected opposition from certain members of
the Legislature; and

WHEREAS, it was necessary in the interest of the future of Las Vegas that someone
be present at the Legislature representing the interests of the City; and

WHEREAS, ROBERT NOTTI was delegated the Responsibility of looking after the in-
terests of the City during the closing days of the session; and

WHEREAS, he did an outstanding job and one worthy of official recognition by
this Board,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a meeting thereof held on the 27th day of March, 1957 that said City, by this
Resolution expresses its gratitude and appreciation for a job well done to ROBERT NOTTI
for his efforts in securing the passage of vital legislation for the City of Las
Vegas at the 48th session of the Nevada legislature.

3-27-57

REVOCATION OF LICENSE
Tom Rolofson

RESOLUTION OF
COMMENDATION
Gerald Stewart

WATER DISTRICT
MEETINGS

City Representation



RESOLUTION OF COMMENDA-
TION

Robert W.Notti