Las Vegas, Nevada
November 2, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, held this 2nd day of November, 1955; was called to order at the
hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members
present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

WESTSIDE TRAILERS	Mr. Calvin Magelby appeared before the Commissions, representing several of

	the residents of the Westside to request that the Trailer Ordinance No. 507

be amended to allow the parking of trailers on private property. Mr. Magelby
stated that he specifically represented Messrs. Sage and Burke. Mr. Magelby
explained that the moving of these trailers would work a financial hardship
on the residents and requested its amendment in this provision.

Mayor Baker explained that this ordinance had been adopted in 1952 along
with the County and North Las Vegas. He stated that previous to its adop-
tion that it was not permissible to park a trailer on private property un-
less the person was building a house.

Mr. James Hal1 of 1013 "G" Street appeared in favor of the enforcement of
this ordinance and the cleaning up of the Westside.

The following persons appeared in protest to the ordinance:

Cecil Jones

Jennie Lee Coleman, 422 W. Jackson
Feraline McKinney, 820 W. Adams
David Kile, 810 "D" Street
Willie Reynolds
Virginia Brock

The Commission asked for a standing vote of those who favored th improve-
ment programs planned for the installation of sewers, streets, curbs and
gutters. Thirty-five people stood in favor of this, none were opposed.

At the hour of 8.05 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the
hour of 8.15 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

TELEPHONE SERVICE	At this time representatives of the Southern Nevada Telephone Company were

	present to explain what had been done and what is being done to correct the

unsatisfactory service being furnished the city.

Mr. Leo McNamee appeared as the Telephone Company's attorney and introduced
Mr. W.P. Hollis, sales manager of the Kellogg Company who furnished the equip-
ment for the installation of the dial system.

Mr. Hollis spoke to the Commission and explained that difficulties had arisen
for the following reasons:

1.	Las Vegas had had tremendous growth in population which makes it hard
for the Telephone Company to keep up and to establish a planned program.

2.	There is quite a migratory visiting population which taxes the telephone
system.

3.	In Las Vegas there had never been a dial system before and lots of the
trouble is from incorrect dialing.

Mr. C.H. Sim of the Kellogg Company also spoke on trouble that has been exper-
ienced because there is a need for redistribution of traffic.

Mr. Wieler explained the difficulty encountered in the switchboard installed in
the City Hall and stated that new equipment had been ordered and should be here
for installation within 90 to 120 days. Mr. Wieler stated that cables were being
installed in Madsen Manor, Eastwood, Jubilee and Westleigh Tracts and the phones
should be installed within a very short time.

Commissioner Bunker asked when they would discontinue four-party lines.

Mr. Wieler stated that they were trying to handle requests for business tele-
phones first.

The Mayor asked for a standing count of people present who had experienced tele-
phone trouble during the last two weeks. Forty-seven people stood. Eight per-
sons present indicated they had not had trouble with their service.

Commissioner Bunker moved this hearing be closed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.