WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark and State of
Nevada, is a municipal corporation duly organized and existing under
Chapter 152, Statutes of Nevada, 1911, as from time to time amended; and

WHEREAS, the County of Clark has issued its Clark County, Nevada,

General Obligation Public Building and Recreation Bonds, Series January
15, 1957, in the principal amount of $4,500,000.00, payable from general
(ad valorem) taxes levied and collected by the County, also payable from the net
revenues derived by the operation of the County's exposition and convention hall
building and other recreational, facilities of the County operated and maintained
by the County Fair and Recreation Board of Clark County and being acquired with
proceeds of the designated bonds, also payable from the net revenues derived by
the County from certain license taxes fixed and imposed for revenues by the
County upon designated operators of hotels and motels and of gaming located
and situated outside the limits of incorporated cities within the County, and
also payable from the net revenues derived from similar license taxes fixed
and imposed for revenue by incorporated cities upon designated operators of
hotels and motels and of gaming therein and made available for the payment
of said bonds; and

WHEREAS, the City fixed and imposed license taxes for revenue upon hotels
and motels and upon gaming by Ordinance No. 734, passed and approved the 1st
day of February, 1957; and

WHEREAS, those taxes were levied by the City for the purpose of being made
available and being used for the redemption of said bonds; and

WHEREAS, due to the necessity of immediately making available for the pay-
ment of the principal of and interest on said bonds the revenues derived by the
City from the license taxes herein designated, the Board of Commissioners of the
City has determined, and does hereby declare, that an emergency exists, requiring
this ordinance to take effect from and after its passage and publication in accord-
ance with law.

NOW, THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS DO ORDAIN:

Section 1. That the proceeds derived from the license taxes levied and col-
lected by the City of Las Vegas pursuant to Ordinance No. 734, passed and adopted
the 1st day of February, 1957; are hereby assigned to the County of Clark, and made
available, for the redemption of the Clark County, Nevada, General Obligation
Public Building and Recreation Bonds, Series January 15, 1957; exclusive of the
costs of administration provided for by Section 7 of Ordinance No. 734 in an amount
not to exceed ten per centum (10%) of the gross revenue collected.

Section 2. That the Board of Commissioners has expressed in a preamble to
this ordinance the existence of an emergency and the reason therefor, and it is
hereby declared that an emergency exists and that this ordinance is necessary
for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health and safety.

Section 3. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week for
two successive weeks immediately following its final, reading and adoption in the
Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City, and this ordinance shall
become effective immediately following the second publication thereof.

The Commissioners voting in favor of the adoption of the foregoing ordinance
were as follows:

Those Voting Aye:	Commissioner Fountain

Commissioner Sharp
Commissioner Whipple

Mayor C. D. Baker

Those Voting Nay:	None

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED, this 5th day of June, 1957.

(SEAL)	C. D. Baker_____________

Mayor

Attest:

Shirley Lodwick_____________

City Clerk

It was then moved by Commissioner Fountain and seconded by Commissioner Whipple
that all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final
passage and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are
hereby suspended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption
of said emergency ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the. suspension of the
rules, the roll was called with the following result:	Those voting Aye:

Commissioner Fountain, Commissioner Sharp, Commissioner Whipple and Mayor
Baker. Those voting Nay:	None. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Fountain then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as
read and as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion.

The question being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance, the roll
was called with the following result:	Those voting Aye:	Commissioner Fountain,

Commissioner Sharp, Commissioner Whipple and Mayor Baker. Those voting Nay:

None. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.