Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the agreement with Louis J. Wiener, Jr. on
the building located at 711 Fremont Street be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance concerning Collection Agencies, requested additional time before reporting.

Mayor Baker asked for a report from the Youth Committee, said committee being com-
posed of Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Commissioner Bunker speaking on behalf of the Committee read the following report:

June 19, 1957

"Mayor C.D. Baker and Board of City Commissioners:

Your Youth Committee submits herewith the following report:

In order to make an intelligent and an objective report on the Youth Activities of
this City, your Committee held a Public Hearing on March 29, 1957. Approximately
30 people were in attendance, representing several of the social and fraternal a-
gencies of the City of Las Vegas. Each individual, present was given ample oppor-
tunity to express themselves and many of those present did make interesting and
objective statements. A list of the people present at the Public Hearing is a
matter or record in the minutes of the Meeting.

After a lengthy discussion, it was the concensus of opinion of those present that
a temporary committee be appointed to make a further study of the problems involved
and report their findings to the group at the next meeting. The following committee
was appointed by Commissioner Bunker: Joe Rue, Chairman, John Conway, Mrs. Sherwin

Garside, John Wawerna, Glen Stanfield and Don Pulliam. The temporary committee
met on April 4th, 1957 and discussed the proposals made at the public hearing end
heard a report from Mr. Bruce Trent as to what the present Recreational Program in
the City of Las Vegas includes. It was the thinking of the Committee that a ques-
tionnaire be directed to the membership of the three High Schools to determine
from them just what additional facilities were needed in the City of Las Vegas.

Such a questionnaire was submitted to the students of the three high schools and
the results were tabulated by the Las Vegas Council of Parents and Teachers Associa-
tion. The data this questionnaire produces is available to the Advisory Council.

After due and careful study of the problems involved the Temporary Committee came
forth with the following recommendations to your Committee:

1.	That a Youth Advisory Council be appointed by the Board of City Commissioners
for a period of one year, at which time consideration can be given to the feasi-
bility of the continuance of this council.

2.	That the Council be comprised of not more than seven members.

3.	That the Youth Advisory Council organize itself, meet regularly and submit
minutes of meetings to the City Manager and Board of City Commission's.

4.	That the Youth Advisory Council meet and function with the Superintendent of
Recreation of the City of Las Vegas.

5.	That the Youth Advisory Council, when appointed, be instructed by the Board of
City Commissioners that their duties will be to study, plan and to recommend to
the Superintendent of Recreation, the City Manager and the Board of City Commis-
sioners all matters pertaining to the further development of the overall youth pro-
gram.

6.	That recommendations be made to the Board of City Commissioners on the expendi-
ture of funds which may be forthcoming from grants, and/or donations to the Youth
Program.

7.	That matters pertaining to the Youth Activities of the City of Las Vegas be re-
ferred to the Youth Advisory Council for their consideration and recommendations.

Your Honor, in filing this report, the Committee would like to make a few recommen-
dations and observations.

The Committee would like to thank all of those people who have so willingly devoted
their time in helping you Committee to arrive at these conclusions. It is the
Committee's feeling that some method should be generated to interest the help of
more adults in all phases of the City Recreational Program. It is evident there
are many people who would be willing to assist in craft classed and other programs,
just as we have many men and women assisting in the Baseball program. An active
campaign should be instituted to contact those people that are willing to assist
in the recreational program. To augment the Recreational Program it is necessary
that we solicit additional volunteer help. We further recommend that we take ad-
vantage of any school facilities that are available in the development of craft
classes and such other programs that may be developed by the Department of Re-
creation.

It is our observation that too few people are taking advantage of the present pro-
gram that is being carried on by the Recreational Department. Your Committee
strongly recommends that we press forward immediately to build two additional
swimming pools. The money is now available from the Clark County Fair and Recrea-
tional Board. The location of these pools should be in areas where they will ac-
commodate the most people. Additional playground areas near residential sections
should be encouraged and built as soon as funds are available. Your committee
concurs in all the recommendations of the Temporary Advisory Council and specifi-
cally in that recommendation which calls for the appointment of a Youth Advisory
Council. It is suggested that careful and deliberate study should be given to
the appointment of the personnel of this Council.

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

YOUTH COMMITTEE

Report

