This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.31 for the construction
of a Rehabilitation Farm for the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following
firms:

JAMES T. STEWART CO.	$57,000.00

PAUL SMITLEY	42,695.00

WILLARD TERRY CONST. CO.	44,585.73

SHELTON MILL & CONSTRUCTION	49,953.00

ARDEN BUILDING CORP.	49,960.00

SIMPSON & MATHER	43,588.00

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Public
Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the	time heretofore	set	for the	opening of	Bid	No.	56.32	for the	construction	of

an addition to	the City Jail, bids	were received from	the	following	firms:

BEN O. DAVEY	$94,247.00

J. A. TIBERTI	101,971.00

SIERRA CONST. CO.	94,645.00

PLEWE CONSTRUCTION CO.	132,890.00

LEMBKE-CLOUGH & KING	99,990.00

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Public
Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the	time heretofore	set	for the	opening of	Bid	No.	56.35	for the	furnishing	of

fertilizer for	the City of Las	 Vegas, bids	were received from	the following	firms:

SILVER STATE CHEMICAL CO.	NEVADA IRON & METALS

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	DESERT NURSERY

GARDEN CENTER	PARADISE TROPICAL GARDENS

ADAMS FEED CO.

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Public
Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 56.36 for the furnishing of
grass seed to the City of Las Vegas, bids were received from the following firms.

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	DESERT NURSERY

ADAMS FEED CO.	GARDEN CENTER

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Public
Works Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of William Singleton to convert into professional
offices the rear two (2) units of all fourplexes presently existing in the 2000 block of
East Charleston Boulevard, between Eastern and Crestwood Avenues, legally described as
Lots 11 through 17, Crestwood Homes Subdivision #5. The recommendation of the Board of
Zoning Adjustment was that this application for a use permit in an R-4 zone be approved
subject to the installation of improvements on Charleston Boulevard.

Planning Director Franklin Bills advised the Commission that the agreement for the afore-
mentioned installation of improvements on Charleston Boulevard had been signed but the
bond for said improvements had not been filed at the present time.

His Honor asked if there were any objection. None were voiced.

Mr. William Singleton was present and assured the Board that this required bond would be
filed.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for use permit be approved subject to the filing
of the required bond, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting recessed on the 10th day of July, 1956, having considered the application of William
Singleton for use permit to convert into professional offices the rear two (2) units of
all fourplexes presently existing in the 2000 block of East Charleston Boulevard, between
Eastern and Crestwood Avenues, legally described as Lots 11 through 17, Crestwood Homes
Subdivision #5, subject to installation of improvements on Charleston Boulevard; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the installation of improvements on Charleston Boulevard;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of William Singleton
for use permit to convert into professional offices the rear two (2) units of all fourplexes
presently existing in the 2000 block of East Charleston Boulevard, between Eastern and
Crestwood Avenue, be approved subject to the installation of improvements on Charleston
Boulevard and the filing of the required performance bond for said improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

7-10-56

BID NO. 56.31
Rehabilitation
Farm

Bid Opening

BID NO. 56.32
Addition to City
Jail

Bid Opening

BID NO. 56.35
Fertilizer
Bid Opening

BID NO. 56.36
Seed

Bid Opening

USE PERMIT - U-31-56
William Singleton