I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk; of the City of Las Vegas; County of Clark;

State of Nevada; hereby certify the foregoing to be a full; true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January; 1956

IN WITNESS WHEREOF; I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of January, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER__________

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By,__________Deputy

FOR:	Bracken Ave.

Consideration was given to the deed from G.J. Madsen for part of the E½ of the SW¼
of Section 10, T21S, R62E for the disposal plant site.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and car-
ried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Reed
Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this l8th day of January, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
17th day of January, 1956, executed by George J. Madsen and Ruby

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real prop-
erty described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of
this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clark, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,
State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular
meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the l8th day of January, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 19th day of January, 1956.

s/s SHIRLEY BALLINGER

(SEAL)	By_________, Deputy

FOR:	disposal plant site

Art Trelease, Supervisor of Building and Safety, gave a report of the findings of
the inspection made January 9, 1956 on the building at 106 Fremont Street, known
as Mike's Liquor Store. Mr. Trelease stated that representatives of the Building,
Police and Fire Departments, along with the Assistant City Attorney and structural
Engineer Ewalt Anderson had inspected this premise. He further stated that the
front parapet wall can be moved by pushing on it and that the exposed sidewalls
cannot be repaired. He said that it was the finding of the inspection that the
building is very unsafe, cannot be repaired, and is a definite hazard to public
safety.

City Attorney Howard Cannon advised the Commission they could proceed in three ways:

1)	Under the general police power, as a hazard to the public, to require the building
to be demolished and to go in and demolish it if it is not done so by the property
owner.

2)	Under authority of the Charter and the Planning and Zoning Ordinances, require
the building to be demolished and abated as a nuisance if the Board finds the con-
dition is a nuisance.

3)	They can proceed under Section 203 of the Uniform Building Code wherein the head
of the Building Department would notify the owner to commence demolition within 48
hours and if it is not demolished as required, then the Board can order the Building
Department to go in and demolish it themselves and file a lien against the property
for payment of the cost of demolishing the building.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Building Department be instructed to notify the
owner and lessee of that certain building known as Mike's Liquor Store located at
106 Fremont Street that the building is determined to be an unsafe building as desig-
nated in the Uniform Building Code by the Board of City Commissioners after inspec-
tion and report made by the appropriate departments of the City and the owner or
person in charge of the premises notified within 48 hours to commence demolition
and removal of the building from the premises and such demolition to be completed
within 15 days from date of notice and that service of this notice be given the
owner and lessee as required by law; further that the building be posted as un-
safe for occupancy.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

CONDEMNATION OF BUILDING
106 Fremont Street