This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.8 for the land-
scaping of Hyde Park Circle, the following bid was received and opened:

GOTO LANDSCAPING & NURSERY	$10,735.00

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a purchase requisition for 200 mattresses
for the Rehabilitation Farm in the amount of $1650.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted and Purchase Requisition No. 7089
to Sears-Roebuck & Company, for 200 mattresses for the Rehabilitation Farm in the
total amount of $1650.00 approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager advised the Commission that an application for a package liquor li-
cense at 404 West Bonanza had been received from Allan M. Kelley, and since there
were no liquor licenses available the fees deposited would be refunded to Mr. Kelly.

The Commission indicated approval of this refund.

Mr. Kennedy reported that the expenses for the City Attorney's office in connection
with the Civil Aeronautics Board hearing on the reopened Bonanza Renewal Case, Docket
#5773 et al for extension of service was $668.l4. The City Manager stated that Clark
County Board of Commissioners would be billed for one-half of these expenses.

Mr. Kennedy further reported that a check in the amount of $317.80 had been received
from Southwest Airways, which would be returned inasmuch as the City Commission had
determined that the City would pay for the expenses involved in the trip to attend
the CAB hearing in Washington, D.C.

The City Manager presented the proposal of R.M. Barton of Ace Exterminating Co. to
purchase the used Tifa Fogg Machine from the City of Las Vegas and recommended its
acceptance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented the application for a federal grant for the Sewage Treat-
ment works in the amount of $39,000.00 and requested authorization for the Mayor and
Clerk to sign this application.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the application
for a federal grant for the sewage treatment works.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Well Permit No. 16990 had been issued
on January 10, 1957, transferring the water rights to the McNeil Well to the City of
Las Vegas, as discussed at the Commission meeting of July 10,1956. Mr. Kennedy re-
quested approval of payment of $1,000 to Thomas T. Beam as purchase price for the
water rights under said permit, which is the price formerly agreed upon.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Purchase Requisition #7333 in the amount of $1,000.00
to Thomas T. Beam be approved, the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register
and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that Architect John Replogle had submitted preliminary
floor plans for alterations to the new print shop and alterations to the main lobby
and hall in City Hall, and requested authorization for Mr. Replogle to proceed with
the plans.

Commissioner Bunker moved that architect John Replogle be authorized to proceed with
the preparation of the plans for the alterations to the new print shop and main lobby
and hall in City Hall.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented agreement #243-170 of the Las Vegas Valley Water District
dated February 5, 1957, covering the installation of water mains to serve the new fire
station on Hinson Street, north of Charleston Boulevard together with the bill of sale
covering said installation, and requested authorization for the Mayor and Clerk to sign
said agreement and bill of sale.

The City Manager presented the application of the Silver State Elks Lodge #1158 to hold
a carnival April 3rd through April 7th, 1957, funds to be used to reduce the mortgage at
320 Jackson Avenue; said carnival to be held on the Josephson property on Harrison Ave-
nue between H and J Streets.

BID NO. 57.8 -
Hyde Park Circle

Landscaping

PURCHASE REQUISITION
Poliee Department

PACKAGE LIQUOR
APPLICATION

C.A. B. HEARING
Bonanza Airlines
Expenses

SALE OF EQUIPMENT

Fogging Machine

SEWAGE TREATMENT
WORKS

Federal Grant
Application

WATER RIGHTS PERMIT

CITY HALL REMODELING

HINSON STREET WATER
LINE

Agreement with Water
District

CARNIVAL PERMIT
Silver State Elks