City Attorney Cannon advised the Board that there is no provision for
the issuance of a Service Bar liquor license in a C-2 zone.

The Board determined that there was no application before them to be
acted upon, and authorized the refund of the money placed on deposit
by Mrs. McKiernan.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that four bids had been received on
September 16, 1957 for the purchase or lease of the Huntridge Fire Sta-
tion, from the following:	Joseph Blascoe, Junior Chamber of Commerce,

Thomas Oakey, and Carl Moler. He further reported that the Chamber of
Commerce would like to meet with the Commission to present their pro-
posal for this property.

The Board requested that this matter be held in abeyance until there is
a full Board present.

Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following
resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described
has been and still is without adequate curbs, gutters, street paving, side-
walks and street lighting; and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following street
be improved by curbing, guttering, paving, installation of sidewalks and
street lighting the same;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 18th day of
September, 1957, that the City Engineer be and he is hereby directed to
prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of the work,
the locality to be improved, together with the estimates of cost for the
installation of curbs, gutters, paving, sidewalks and street lighting on
the following street and part of street:

East Charleston Boulevard from the westerly line of Fifteenth
Street to the westerly line of Fremont Street.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy requested authorization to issue a warrant to Paul
Drury and George Von Tobel for appraisal of the Gold Course and Huntridge
Fire Station in the amount of $800.00.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of the City Manager be approved and
the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to issue a warrant in the amount
of $800.00 to Messrs Drury and Von Tobel for these appraisals.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that Commissioner Wendell Bunker be des-
ignated to represent the City of Las Vegas at the American Municipal Assoc-
iation Congress to be held in San Francisco, California, December 1st
through the 4th, 1957.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Commissioner Bunker be designated as a
representative of the City at the AMA Congress in San Francisco on Dec-
ember 1st through the 4th, 1957, and that expenses be paid by the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The City Manager presented the request of Reverend J. C. Benjamin for per-
mission to erect a tent at 1516 North "C" Street for the purpose of con-
ducting a revival meeting from October 6, 1957 to January 1, 1958. Mr.
Kennedy recommended that if this request is granted, that approval be
subject to inspection by the Police and Fire Departments, and that no
sales of any kind be permitted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be ac-
cepted and Rev. J. C. Benjamin be granted permission to hold a revival
meeting at 1516 North "C" Street from October 6, 1957 to January 1, 1958
subject to approval by the Police and Fire Departments, and that no
sales be permitted on the premises.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

HUNTRIDGE FIRE
STATION BIDS

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-35
Resolution

APPRAISAL OF CITY
PROPERTY

Payment Authorized

AMA CONGRESS
Representative
Designated

REVIVAL MEETING