Mr. Kennedy reported that the Calvary Lutheran Church owns property on Bruce
Street at the intersection of Harris Avenue, and are making arrangements to
build a church at this location. The City Manager reminded the Commission
that a Use Permit had been granted to the Church on September 4, 1957; and
an agreement has been signed for the installation of the off-site improvements.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the Church is requesting that the City forego the re-
quirement of a bond to cover these off-site improvements and accept the bond
that will be put up by the General Contractor for this construction.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the request of the Calvary Lutheran Church that
the bond requirement on Use Permit U-13-57 be waived, be approved providing the
General Contractor for the Church furnishes a completion bond to include the
installation of off-site improvements and furnishes a copy thereof to the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager further presented the request of the Calvary Lutheran Church for
exchange of property for the realignment of Bruce Street in this area.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Calvary Lutheran Church for ex-
change of property with the City for the realignment of Bruce Street at the in-
tersection of Harris Avenue be referred to the City Attorney, and the City Attor-
ney instructed to initiate whatever action in his opinion is legally proper to
accomplish the same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager presented the purchase requisition from the Street Lighting De-
partment to the Win Ward Company for an aerial ladder. Mr. Kennedy stated that
this ladder replacement is required for the 1948 truck in this Department. He
explained that since this truck will be replaced in June of 1958 it was felt
that an aluminum ladder, which would cost approximately $4,000 would be an un-
necessary expense at this time.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 9389 to the Win Ward
Company for an aerial ladder for the Street Lighting Department truck in the to-
tal amount of $1349.00 be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the proposed agreement with the U.S. Masonry Construction
Co. for the installation of concrete retaining walls around the East Charleston
Fire Station, West Charleston Fire Station and Westside Fire Station approved at
the last regular meeting of the Board on October 2, 1957. Mr. Kennedy re-
quested authorization for the Mayor to sign this agreement.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to sign the agree-
ment with the U.S. Masonry Construction Company for the installation of retaining
walls at the Fire Stations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker
passed his vote. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the request of the Union Pacific Railroad Company for
payment of $10,959.02 for the construction of the Owens Avenue Grade Crossing.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Board that this statement was pursuant to the agreement
approved by the Commission on April 17, 1957, at which time it was estimated that
the cost of this construction would be $8,860.00. The City Manager advised that
the difference between the actual cost and the estimated cost totals $2,099.02.

The Commission requested the City Attorney to investigate this matter and make a
recommendation at the next regular meeting.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that there is fifteen hundred tons of
sludge to be used on the Baseball Diamond that will have to be hauled from the
Sewage Disposal Plant. Mr. Kennedy stated that at the present time the City's
equipment is not available to do this hauling and requested permission to se-
cure informal bids from local truckers and issue a purchase order to the lowest
bidder since the work on the Baseball Park should commence immediately.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be approved and the City Manager authorized
to secure informal bids for the hauling of sludge from the Sewage Disposal Plant
to the Baseball Park, and issue a purchase order to the lowest bidder.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The City Manager reported that in regard to the City assisting the School District
in improving the Red Rock School Playground area, the School was unable to obtain
permission for a private contractor to haul gravel from the State Highway gravel
pit. After some discussion, the matter was continued until the next regular meet-
ing.

Mr. Joe Graydon appeared before the Commission to request an amendment to the ordi-
nance that prohibits public dance halls in the City. Mr. Graydon advised the Com-
mission that he is interested in leasing the Naval Armory Building on North
Street for the purpose of establishing a dance hall for teen-agers. Mr. Graydon
stated that in recent months he has held four such dances in the County and is
interested in starting such a business in the City, but has found that the City
ordinance will not permit it. He explained his proposed method of operation and
manner of policing and keeping order, and requested favorable action on his re-
quest for amendment of this ordinance.

USE PERMIT - U-13-57
Calvary Lutheran
Church

PURCHASE OF AERIAL
LADDER

St. Lighting Dept.

RETAINING WALLS
Fire Stations
Agreement

OWENS AVENUE GRADE
CROSSING

Request for Payment

BASEBALL DIAMOND
SLUDGE

RED ROCK SCHOOL
Improvement of
Playground Area

PUBLIC DANCE HALLS
Proposed Amendment
of Ordinance