DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC WORKS (Cont.)

1. Rodman-Chainman
1. Junior Civil Engineer
1. Structural Engineer

1	Budget Clerk

2	Intermediate Typist-Clerk
1 Junior Draftsman

1 Building Inspector
1	Chief Plumbing inspector

1	Chief Electrical Inspector

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that if within two years an appointment is to be made to
any position or employment in any existing or new class having the same or substantially
similar qualifications and duties as the position abolished, any employee laid off, demoted
or transferred may petition for such appointment unless he shall file a waiver in writing
to the Personnel Officer, or if laid off, he shall fail to report to the Personnel Officer
within twenty (20) working days after notice is mailed to his last known address.

Adopted and approved this 17th day of October, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; :noes, none .

CEMETERY SUPERIN-
TENDENT

House to be Vacated
Position Abolished



City Manager Kennedy recommended that the house now occupied by the Superintendent of the
Cemetery be vacated by January 15, 1957 so that these premises can be used for the officials
of the Park Department; and the services of the Cemetery Superintendent as said Cemetery
Superintendent be terminated as of January 1, 1957. Mr. Kennedy further recommended that
between now and the first of January an attempt will be made to transfer the present cemetery
superintendent to a different position if there is one available for which he is qualified.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Manager be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

DELINQUENT SEWER	City Manager Kennedy reported that there are approximately 80 delinquent sewer accounts

ACCOUNTS	on which liens have been filled and payment to the City has not been made at this time. The

	Manager advised that the next step would be to have the City Attorney proceed in Court to

collect the delinquent accounts.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the City Attorney be instructed to collect these delinquent
sewer accounts.

ANIMAL SHELTER

Operation Report

PAYROLL



Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,none.

At this time the City Manager gave a report on the operation of the animal shelter. Mr.
Kennedy stated that he had met on several occasions with a committee from the Clark County
Humane Society, and that they have advised him that they have a definite plan for resuming
operation of the animal shelter which will include settling financial obligations of the
Humane Society to local contractors and creditors. The City Manager reported that he had
advised them that the matter would not be on this agenda, but by the next meeting they
should submit their definite plans for consideration by the Board of Commissioners.

In view of the above, the Board indicated approval of the City's continuing the operation
of the animal shelter for approximately another thirty (30) days.

The City Manager advised the Commission that since the next regular meeting of the Board
is after the regular payday, that approval of the estimated payroll for the period ending
October 31, 1956 should be made at this meeting.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that the payroll for the period ending October 31, 1956
in the estimated net amount of $80,000 be approved and warrants authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

SEWER SERVICE ON STRIP   At this time City Manager Kennedy reported to the Commission that the City is no longer
	furnishing any sewer service to any hotels or other users on the "strip".

INDUSTRIAL FIRE STATION  The City manager requested authorization for final payment to Ray Baldwin, architect on
	the Industrial Fire Station in the amount of $272.82.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted and final payment to Ray Baldwin, architect
on the Industrial Fire Station in the amount of $272.82 approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REVIVAL MEETING PERMIT   City Manager Kennedy presented the request of Rev. Daniel N. Hisey for permission to hold a
	revival meeting in a tent to the east of the Helldorado Village, from October 16th through

November 5, 1956. Mr. Kennedy reported that permission to use the property owned by the
Elks had been secured by Reverend Hisey, the Police Department had approved the application,
and the tent and equipment had been checked by the Fire Department.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Rev. Daniel N. Hisey for a permit to
hold a revival meeting east of the Helldorado Village from October 16th through November
5, 1956, be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

10-17-56