tribunals of the regularity of all proceedings preliminary to the making
thereof, and of the validity of the assessment and Assessment Roll.

SECTION l4. That all special assessments, assessed as aforesaid, shall
from the date of confirmation and approval thereof constitute a lien upon the
respective lots or parcels of land assessed. The special assessments there-
after shall be and remain a lien on the respective lots and parcels of land
assessed until paid.

SECTION 15. That said assessments shall be due and payable at the
office of the County Treasurer of Clark County, Nevada, acting Ex-Officio
City Treasurer and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
within two weeks after said special assessment roll is confirmed and approved,
without interest and without demand; provided, that all such assessments, or any
part thereof, may, at the election of the owner, be paid in installments, with
interest, as hereinafter provided. Failure to pay the whole assessment, or any
part thereof, within said period of two weeks shall be conclusively considered
and held an election on the part of all persons interested, whether under
disability or otherwise, to pay in such installments. In case of such election
to pay in installments, the unpaid assessments shall be payable at the office of
the said Ex-Officio City Treasurer in ten substantially equal annual installments
of principal, the first of which installments of principal shall be due and pay-
able on or before the 1st day of November, 1956, and the remainder of said in-
stallments shall be due and payable successively on or before the same day in
each year thereafter until paid in full, with interest in all cases on the
unpaid and deferred installments or principal from the 1st day of November, 1955;
at the same rate of interest as that provided for in the special assessment
bonds to be hereafter authorized, sold, issued and delivered, but not to exceed
seven percentum (7%) per annum, payable annually at the office of said Ex-Officio
City Treasurer, the first annual payment of interest being due and payable on the
said 1st day of November, 1956, and the remainder of said annual installments of
interest being due and payable on the 1st day of November in each year thereafter.
Failure to pay any installment, whether of principal or interest, when due, shall
cause the whole of the unpaid principal to become due and payable immediately,
and the whole amount of the unpaid principal and accrued interest shall there-
after bear penalty at the rate of ten per centum per annum, until the day of sale,
but at any time prior to the day of the sale, the owner may pay the amount of all
unpaid installments, with interest thereon at ten per centum per annum, and all
penalties accrued, and shall thereupon be restored to the right thereafter to pay
in installments in the same manner as if default had not been suffered. The owner
of any property not in default as to any installment or payment, may, at any time,
pay the whole of the unpaid principal with interest accruing thereon to the next
interest paying date.

Each assessment, together with interest thereon, shall be placed on the
tax roll of Clark County on and against the several owners and premises, and the
County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las
Vegas, is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the tax roll of said
County and to extend the same in a special column for special assessments on said
tax roll, and the County Treasurer of said County, the Ex-Officio City Treasurer
and Ex-Officio Tax Collector of the City of Las Vegas, is hereby authorized and
directed to collect the same, all in the same manner and at the same time as
other State and County taxes are collected.

SECTION 16. That the special assessments, both principal and interest,
when collected, shall be placed in a special fund to be known as "Sanitary Sewer
Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17" and as such shall at all times con-
stitute a sinking fund for and deemed specially appropriated to the payment of
the special assessment improvement bonds and interest thereon, to be hereafter
authorized, sold, issued and delivered for the purpose of paying in part the cost
or expense of said improvements; and said fund shall be applied to payment for
the improvements for which said assessments were made, and shall not be used for
any other purpose until said bonds and the interest thereon is fully paid.

SECTION 17. That after said assessment roll has been confirmed and
approved, said Ex-Officio City Treasurer immediately shall notify each person
known to said Ex-Officio City Assessor, whose name appears on said assessment
roll, by United States of America mail, that an assessment has been levied
against said person and the designated property in said Sanitary Sewer Improve-
ment Assessment District No. 200-17, and shall state therein when and where said
assessment is due and payable.

SECTION 18. That all action (not inconsistent with the provisions of this
ordinance) heretofore taken by the City of Las Vegas, and the officers of said City,
directed toward the making of said improvements by installing a sanitary sewer
along certain streets, alleys and easements and portions of streets, alleys and
easements therein in said Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment District No. 200-17,
toward the creation of said District, and toward levying and effecting special
assessments to defray the entire cost thereof, be, and the same is hereby ratified,
approved and confirmed.

SECTION 19. That all by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances or
parts of by-laws, orders, resolutions and ordinances in conflict with this ordinance
are hereby repealed.

SECTION 20. That if any one or more sections, sentences, clauses or
parts of this ordinance shall, for any reason, be questioned or held invalid, such
judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of this
ordinance, but shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections, sentences
clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional and invalid, and the

9-21-55