BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of September, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated the 12th
day of September, 1956, executed by Nevada Southern Gas Company, a Nevada Corporation to the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said easement
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Charlie and Janie Evans for permission to move
a house from 615 Jefferson to 908 Van Buren be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of John Guaghan and Mel Exber for a license for
a Sports Book at the Hollywood Sports Book, 115 North 1st Street, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the Clerk be instructed to notify the owner of the Esquire Bar
to appear before the Commission on October 3, 1956, to show cause why the tavern license
should not be revoked for sale of liquor to minors.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

City Attorney Cannon requested permission to employ a court reporter to take some depositions
in connection with restraining orders.

Commissioner Bunker moved that permission be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the action taken in this meeting granting a license for one Big
6 Wheel to the California Club be rescinded.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Not voting: Commissioner
Bunker. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the Mayor be authorized to sign a letter to the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company requesting the release of that certain 10 acres of land being purchased from
the Railroad Company so that the same can be conveyed to the Eagles Club.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting recess subject to the call of the Chair.

Motion seconded by Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

APPROVED:

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

9-19-56

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 3, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
3rd day of October, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker
with the following members present:

Mayor	C.	D.	Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.	W.	Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.	H.	Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	R.	F.	Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Hanning Director	Franklin Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

HOUSE MOVING
C. Evans - Denied

GAMING APPLICATION
Hollywood Sports Book

ESQUIRE BAR

COURT REPORTER

SERVICES



GAMING APPLICATION
California Club
Action Rescinded

EAGLES CLUB PROPERTY