Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for new licenses for the retail
sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

ASHWORTH & ASHWORTH

ACCOUNTANTS	Sutton Vending	913 E. Charleston

CITY CENTER MOTEL	Sutton Vending	7th	& Fremont

LAS VEGAS HOTEL	Sutton Vending	300	South 1st

STANDARD STATION	Sutton Vending	844	Tonopah Road

SUNSET CAFE	Sutton Vending	415	W. Charleston

BONANZA CAFE	Valley Lee Vending	4l0	W. Bonanza

GILBERT BROS. LIQUOR	Valley Lee Vending	400	W. Bonanza

OLD WEST MOTEL	Valley Lee Vending	801	South 5th

DESERT HILLS MOTEL	M.D. Close	2121 E. Fremont

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

At this time Mayor Baker requested Chief of Police Ray Sheffer to add the above
names to the notice he is sending out regarding sale of cigarettes to minors.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 10001 through 10572 in the
net amount of $77,043.79 be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service & Material Warrants Nos. 11677 through 12652
in the total amount of $125,249.47 be approved, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the Warrant Register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Minutes of June 11, 1957 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

At this time the Commission considered the public officials' bonds submitted to the
City Clerk by Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, City Attorney Howard W. Cannon and Muni-
cipal Judge Walter J. Richards.

Commissioner Bunker moved these bonds be accepted and ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple. Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

At the hour of 8:45 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 9:05 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

The Commission again considered the tentative map of Morning View Heights #2.

Commissioner Fountain requested that his motion earlier in the meeting holding this
matter in abeyance, be withdrawn. Commissioner Bunker also requested that his sec-
ond to Commissioner's Fountain's motion be withdrawn.

Thereafter, Commissioner Sharp moved that the tentative map of Morning View Heights
#2 be approved, conditioned on the submission by the Subdivider to the City Engineer-
ing Department in writing, all documents as required by the Engineering Department and
proper calculations and cross-sections showing definitely the drainage will be taken
care of at the intersection of Bonita and 17th Streets; that there is no possibility
of water flooding on the east side of 17th and that the slab elevation of houses on
the east side of 17th Street are established sufficiently high to prevent flooding
of houses on the east side of 17th Street and that adequate drainage include sub-
surface drainage provided in relation to adjacent subdivisions. The Engineering De-
partment was further requested to make a progress report of the above at the next
regular meeting of the Commission, insofar as compliance by the Subdivider of these
conditions is concerned.

It was further stated by the Commission that consideration of the final map of this
subdivision would not be made until the above was complied with.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the request from Louis Wiener, Jr., owner of the building
located at 711 Fremont Street that he be authorized to maintain this building on its
present location.

The City Manager explained that a portion of this building is encroaching on the al-
ley running north and south between Fremont and Carson Streets, and advised the Com-
mission that Mr. Wiener has agreed to enter into an agreement with the City to realign
the building when and if it becomes necessary to rebuild or destroy the said building.

Assistant City Attorney Hawkings presented to the Commission the proposed license a-
greement with Mr. Wiener and recommended its approval.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



PUBLIC OFFICIALS
BONDS



MORNING VIEW HEIGHTS
#2

Tentative Map

AGREEMENT
711 Fremont Bldg.
Alley Encroachment

