Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Joe Hall, Vic Hall, Frank Edds, L. B.

Scherer and B. Van der Steen to add Robert Van Santen as a partner on the tavern
liquor license for the Nevada Club, 113 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to came before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST: 	APPROVED:



City Clerk:		Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
October 19, 1955

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, held
this 19th day of October, 1955 was called to order at the hour of 7:35 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Ass't. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent: Mayor C. D. Baker

This being the time set for the public hearing on the proposed amendment to the liquor
ordinance, His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked for discussion from the audience.

Mr. Jack Conlon of the Clark County Licensed Beverage Association appeared at this time and
stated that his group objected on the following points:	

1.	SECTION 2. The limiting of one package liquor store to every 1,000
population. Mr. Conlon estimated that if the population figure given
by the Chamber of Commerce is 50,000 persons, that there would be an
opening for eleven new package liquor stores. The Association further
objected to package liquor licenses issued to grocery stores because
it is more accessible to minors.

2.	SECTION 3,- Subsection 11. This group protested the taking away of
miniatures from package liquor stores that have a beer bar. Mr. Con-
lon explained that there are only seven states in the United States
that allow the sale of miniatures, and that these small bottles of
liquor are becoming a collector's item for the tourist trade.

3.	SECTION 3,-Subsection 18. With reference to the Service Bar that
would be permitted if this ordinance is adopted, the Association
feels that this is merely another bar or tavern.

4. SECTION 5. Mr. Conlon stated that the group ^elt that the area where
taverns are permitted is too confining since it only allows this type
of license in a four block area.

5.	SECTION 13. The Association wondered about the practicability of re-
quiring a "unanimous" vote of the Board of Commissioners for assigning
or transferring a license.

Mr. David Zenoff, representing the owners of the Las Vegas Bowl, Inc. who are constructing
a bowling alley on South 5th Street south of Duffey's Tavern, was present at this time.

Mr. Zenoff explained that this client was very anxious to be permitted to have a tavern
license, and assured the Commission that every possible provision to separate the bar from
the bowling alley so that minors would not be in contact with this operation were being
made. He further stated that they felt that a bar was very necessary to the success of
their business, and advised the Commission that an investment of $650,000 had been made
to construct this 24 alley bowling alley.

Mr. Ed Ciliax requested clarification on whether or not his proposed amendment to the
liquor ordinance would affect existing licenses. He was advised that it would apply to
new applications only. Mr. Ciliax also asked what was intended by 20,000 square feet
in shopping centers. He was advised that it meant sales space.

10-19-55

LIQUOR LICENSE
Addition of Partner
Nevada Club

PUBLIC HEARING
Proposed Amendment
to Liquor Ordinance