The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners present having voted in
favor thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance was duly passed and adopted
as an emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Fountain moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 744.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The Commission again considered the application of Drs. Gilbert Eklund and Vincent Sanner
for variance to construct a professional office building at Weldon Place between St. Louis
and El Centro Place, said matter having been interrupted to allow for the opening of bids
at 8:00 P.M.

Mr. Cleveland Schultz was present and stated that the petitioners protesting this variance
asked that he speak in their behalf. Mr. Schultz urged that the Commission deny this
application for variance or a use permit to allow the construction of any type of office
building in this area.

Mr. Jack Pocras of 2011 Santa Clara Drive also spoke in protest to the granting of per-
mission to construct a professional, office at this location, and stated that he also felt
that it would increase traffic conditions and jeopardize the safety of children going
to and from school in this area.

Mr. W. J. Barnes also requested that the application be denied.

The Commission asked the protestants if they had been given an opportunity to look at the
proposed plans of this construction, and suggested that this should be done before any
conclusive action is taken on the application.

Dr. Eklund stated that the plans were available and he would be glad to show them to
anyone who was interested in seeing them.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this matter be held in abeyance until June 19, 1957
to permit the protestants to look over the proposed plans.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of Harry E. Miller, Trustee and Receiver for
the Moulin Rouge Hotel property for a use permit authorizing operation and maintenance of
administrative office building and laboratories, together with incidental uses by the
Atomic Energy Commission on property situated at 900 West Bonanza Road.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that this application had been approved by
the Board of Adjustment, subject to the signing of an agreement for the installation of
off-site improvements and the posting of a bond.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the granting of this use permit.

Mr. Larry Stecher appeared in protest and stated that he questioned the legality of any
action the Commission might take to grant Mr. Miller's request since Mr. Miller does not
intend to remodel or convert the Moulin Rouge but merely represents the Bankruptcy Court
in their effort to sell the property to a successful bidder with the U.S. Atomic Energy
Commission.

City Attorney Cannon stated that Mr. Miller did have the right to make this application
if Mr. Miller has been so ordered to make such application by the Court, and the Commis-
sion has the authority to grant the use permit if they see fit.

Mr. David Goldwater, representing Mr. Miller in this application, advised the Board that
this was an unusual situation whereby a plan had been devised by the Bankruptcy Court to
permit the sale of this property in order to satisfy the lien-claim of a large group of
local citizens. He stated that one of the requirements of the Atomic Energy Commission
was that this property be made available for the conversion into an administrative office
building and laboratories for their use.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving the application of Harry E. Miller, as Trustee and Receiver for the Moulin Rouge,
for a use permit, authorizing the operation and maintenance of administrative office
building and laboratories, together with incidental uses by the Atomic Energy Commission
at 900 West Bonanza Road be accepted, said application approved subject to the signing
of an improvement agreement and posting of a bond; and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, at a re-
gular meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of Harry E. Miller,

Trustee and Receiver for the Moulin Rouge Hotel for a use permit authorizing operation
and maintenance of administrative office building and laboratories, together with inci-
dental uses by the Atomic Energy Commission on property situated at 900 West Bonanza
Road; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving said
application subject to the signing of an improvement agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements and the posting of a bond;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Harry E. Miller,
Trustee and Receiver for the Moulin Rouge Hotel, for a use permit authorizing operation
and maintenance of administrative office building and laboratories, together with inci-
dental uses by the Atomic Energy Commission at 900 West Bonanza Road be approved sub-
ject to signing of an improvement agreement for installation of off-site improvements
and the posting of a bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp passed his vote stating that his firm had been contacted to do the
architectural work, and were also the original architects on the Moulin Rouge.

VARIANCE - V-3-57
Drs. Eklund & Sanner

USE PERMIT - U-10-57
Harry E. Miller
Moulin Rouge