Las Vegas, Nevada

May 2, 19%

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 2nd day of May, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 8.00 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	     E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Asst. City Mgr.	Robert W. Notti

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Engineer	George E. Wade

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

At this time Mayor Baker apologized to the audience for the delay in starting the meet-
ing and advised that the Commission had met with members of the Juvenile Conference
Committee concerning juvenile problems in the City. He explained that at the last
session of the legislature the Parental Responsibility Bill introduced was not adopted.

He said, however, representatives of the PTA and other interested organizations are
attempting to take care of the problem and request that this law be passed at the next
session of the legislature. He further explained that the Police Department does have
a Juvenile Division. However, they only take care of the penal cases and at the present
time they have 200 cases on file and only 12 have been processed.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for Air Conditioning for City Hall, bids
were received from the following firms:

Roberts Roof and Floor Co.

Western Heating & Ventilating Co.

Brown & Foust
Desert York Co.

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and the
Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.13 for the Addition to the Jefferson
Avenue Pool Building, bids were received from the following firms:

V & G Construction Co.

Willard Terry
Simpson & Mather
Shelton Mills

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and Director
of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

This being the time set for the opening of Bid No. 56.ll; for Tennis Courts, bids were re-
ceived from the following firms:

Ideal Asphalt
J. A. Tiberti

Commissioner Whipple moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The contract for the installation of a traffic signal at the intersection of 5th and
San Francisco was presented by Mayor Baker. This is a joint contract between the City,
County and State.

Commissioner Bunker moved this contract be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the re-application for a Use Permit by Smith Scott Co. to install
and operate a welding machine etc. on property known as 2204 Industrial Road. This was
approved by the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the condition of installation of
off-site improvements.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this use permit.

Jim Kinney, representing Smith Scott Co., appeared and stated that because their lease
had but one more year to run, they felt that the installation of off-site improvements was
 up to the property owner.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be accepted and
the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the re-application of gmith-

JUVENILE CONFERENCE
COMMITTEE

BID AIR CONDITIONING
FOR CITY HALL

BID NO. 56.13
Jefferson Avenue Pool
Building^ddit ion

BID NO. 56.14

Tennis Courts

TRAFFIC SIGNAL
INSTALLATION
San Francisco & 5th



USE PERMIT -U-26-56
Smith Scott Co.