Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved; subject
to the filing of the required bond, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regular
meeting on July 10, 1956, having considered the application of A. C. Delkin for variance
to construct a building to house laundry and dry cleaning establishment on the NE corner
of 13th and Carson, being legally described as Lots 10 and 11, Block 10, Ladd's Addition
in a C-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to installation of off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of the Board that this application of A. C. Delkin
for variance to construct a building to house laundry and dry cleaning establishment on
the NE corner of 13th and Carson, being legally described as Lots 10 and 11, Block 10,

Ladd's addition in a C-1 zone, be approved subject to conditions set forth by the Board
of Adjustment and the filing of the required performance bond for said off-site improvements
installation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Fountain passed his
vote. Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of John Diflour for a variance to construct an
addition to an existing duplex to within 17 feet of the rear lot line at 1209 Exley Avenue,
described as Lot 34, Block 2, Francisco Park #1. The Board of Adjustment recommended
approval of this application for variance in an R-2 zone.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the application of John Diflour for variance be
approved, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on July 10, 1956, having considered the application of John Diflour for variance
to construct an addition to an existing duplex to within 17 feet of the rear lot line at
1209 Exley Avenue, described as Lot 3b, Block 2, Francisco Park #1, in an R-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of John Difloure
for variance to construct an addition to an existing duplex to within 17 feet of the rear
lot line at 1209 Exley Avenue, described as Lot 34, Block 2, Francisco Park #1, in an R-2
zone, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the request of Dr. Charles I. West for an extension of time to
continue the operation of a doctor's office in an R-1 zone at 605 Wyatt Avenue, described
as Lot 25, Block 3, Berkley Square. The Commission was advised the original variance was
granted on December 1, 1954 for a period of one year and had extended this variance on
two occasions.

The Board of Adjustment approved this request for extension subject to the stipulation
that Dr. West be officially advised that under no circumstances will the Commission con-
sider any further extensions and that Dr. West will not be granted a business license at
this location beyond this six months period.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Dr. Charles I. West for extension of
his variance to conduct a doctor's office at 605 Wyatt Avenue for six (6) months be approved,
subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given at this time to the petition of vacation of a portion of Park
Circle, a street in Westwood Park Tract No. 2.

Commissioner Whipple moved this petition for vacation of a portion of Park Circle be re-
ferred to the Planning Commission for recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Director of Planning, Franklin Bills presented the tentative map of the resubdivision of
Westwood Park #2, and advised the Board that the Planning Commission had approved this
map subject to the following conditions:

1.	Approval of the vacation of the cul-de-sac in Park Circle, after
proper public hearings.

2.	Signed approval from all property owners and lien holders in
Westwood Park #2.

3.	Full compliance with the Subdivision ordinance.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this tentative map of the resubdivision of Westwood
Park #2 be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Planning Commission-.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

VARIANCE -V-9-56
John Difloure

VARIANCE -V-6O-54
Dr. Charles I. West
Extension

WESTWOOD PARK #2
Resubdivision
Petition for Vacation

WESTWOOD PARK #2
Resubdivision
Tentative Map