The Commission considered the application of Thresa Cardinal for a use permit to build
maintain and operate a mortuary on Foremaster Lane between North 5th and North Main Streets.
The property is a parcel of land containing 1.2h acres in that portion of the NE¼ of the
NE¼ of Sec. 27, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, lying south and adjacent to Foremaster Lane and approxi-
mately half-way between North 5th and North Main Streets in a C-2 zone.

The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was that this application for use permit
be approved subject to the plot plan as submitted being amended by the Traffic Engineer
and the installation of off-site improvements as specified by the Engineering Department.

Planning Director Bills reported that the agreement for the installation of the aforementioned
improvements had been signed, but the bond had not been filed at the present time. He
recommended approval of this application subject to the filing of said bond.

His Honor asked if there were any objection to this use permit. None were voiced. Mr.

Bills reported there had been protests from three property owners, namely, David Bliss,

Harold Case and Vegas Village Shopping Center.	

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for use permit be approved subject to the
filing of the required bond, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a re-
gular meeting on the 10th day of July, 1956, having considered the application of Thresa
Cardinal for a use permit to build, maintain and operate a mortuary on Foremaster Lane
between North 5th and North Main Streets; the property being a parcel of land containing
1.24 acres in that portion of NE¼ of the NE¼ of Sec. 27, T20s, R61E, MDB&M, lying south
and adjacent to Foremaster Lane and approximately halfway between North 5th and North Main
Streets in a C-2 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the plot plan being submitted as amended by the Traffic Engineer
and the installation of off-site improvements as specified by the Engineering Department;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of Theresa Cardinal
for use permit to build, maintain and operate a mortuary on Foremaster Lane between North
5th and North Main Streets, the property being a parcel of land containing 1.24 acres in
that portion of the NE¼ of the NE¼ of Sec. 27, T20S, R61E, MDB&M, lying south and adjacent
to Foremaster Lane, approximately halfway between North 5th and North Main Streets in a
C-2 zone, be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment and
the filing of the required performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time consideration was given to the application of Carl L. Hyde for a variance to
construct guest rooms on a parcel of ground adjoining his residence at 1001 Bedford Road.

This property is legally described as beginning at a point 445.42 feet north and on the
east line of the SE comer of Hyde Park #1, thence East 210 feet, south 163 feet, West 210
feet, North 163 feet to a point of beginning, in an R-1 zone.

The recommendation of the Board of Adjustment was that this variance be denied. Mr. Bills
explained that the Board of Adjustment felt it was not proper to grant by variance what
should be done by rezoning, and that the construction of guest houses in an R-1 zone was
not in keeping with this type of zone.

Mr. Carl Hyde was present and explained to the Commission that he felt his application was
unique in that this request for variance was property adjoining his home. He further pointed
out that the Union Pacific Railroad Company water tank adjoined his property on the other
side.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in a regular
meeting on July 10, 1956, having considered the application of Carl L. Hyde for variance
to construct guest rooms on a parcel of ground adjoining his residence at 1001 Bedford Road,
this property being legally described as beginning at a point 445.42 feet north and on the
east line of the SE corner of Hyde Park #1, thence East 210 feet, south 163 feet, West 210
feet, North 163 feet to a point of beginning in an R-1 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that this application of Carl L. Hyde
for variance to construct guest rooms on a parcel of ground adjoining his residence at
1001 Bedford Road, this property being legally described as beginning at a point 445.42
feet north and on the east line of the SE corner of Hyde Park #1, thence East 210 feet,
south 163 feet, West 210 feet, North 163 feet to a point of beginning in an R-1 zone,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the application of A. C. Delkin for a variance to construct
a building to house laundry and dry cleaning establishment on the northeast corner of 13th
and Carson, being legally described as Lots 10 and 11, Block 10, Ladd's Addition, in a
C-1 zone.

This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject to the installation of
off-site improvements, and the filing of the required performance bond.

Mr. Bills advised the Commission that the bond had not yet been filed, but he recommended
the application be approved subject to this condition.

His Honor asked if there were any objection. None were voiced.

USE PERMIT -U-32-56
Theresa Cardinal

VARIANCE -V-7-56
Carl Hyde



VARIANCE -V-8-56
A. C. Delkin