RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

BE IT RESOLVED, this 19th day of September, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of

the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 19th

day of September, 1956, executed by Las Vegas Valley Water District, a Public Corporation

to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property

described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein
set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,
State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker, moved that payment of $50,806.00 to the Las Vegas Valley Water District
for the 26.7 acres be approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is in the process of acquiring and installing addi-
tional parks throughout the City; and

WHEREAS, it is desirable in connection therewith to provide playgrounds end play-
ground equipment; and

WHEREAS, one of such parks is now to be established on North Fifth Street at the
location heretofore known as the Old Ranch; and

WHEREAS, the funds of the City are limited for the purpose of providing equipment
on such parks and playgrounds; and

WHEREAS, the combined Lions Clubs of the City of Las Vegas have volunteered to con-
tribute playground equipment for the above named park; and

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners desire to recognize the worthwhile efforts
of such civic organizations;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners at a regular meet-
ing held on the 19th day of September, 1956, that the park now being established by the
City of Las Vegas on North Fifth Street at the location heretofore known as the Old Ranch
be and the same is hereby designated and named and shall hereafter be known as

LIONS CLUB PARK

and shall be so posted and marked on all of the maps of the City and shall be known by
that name hereafter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

It was the concensus of the Board that the foregoing resolution would not preclude any other
organizations from contributing equipment and putting up a plaque or marker in the park.

Commissioners Bunker and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the Liquor Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioners Fountain and Sharp, committee for recommendation on the proposed Trailer Park
Ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Fountain moved the final map of Twin Lakes No. 6 be approved and the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the release of the bond on the off-site improvements for Charleston
Heights No. 3 be deferred.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Virginia Manor be approved subject to the subdivider
signing a subdivision agreement to include the installation of all improvements including
streets lights.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners Bunker,
Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that final payment of the 10% retention to Espy Brothers on Assess-
ment District No. 200-17 in the total amount of $2,062.07 be approved and a. warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

An easement from the Nevada Southern Gas Co. for a storm drain in Section 27, T20S, R61E,
was considered at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

CITY PARK NAMED
Lions Club Park

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Trailer Parks



TWIN LAKES
Final Map

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
No. 3

VIRGINIA MANOR
Final Map

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 290-17
Final Payment

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Nevada Southern Gas