Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp stated that he was in sympathy with the property owners, but he
would have to vote in favor of this application since the City Attorney's opinion was
that the Board could not do otherwise. Mayor Baker also stated that he would like to
qualify his vote that since the City Attorney's opinion was that this project would be
sustained in Court, he would have to vote in favor of this motion.

City Attorney Howard Cannon stated that he would like the record to show that he did
not advise the Board of Commissioners that the Church is legally entitled to this
use permit as a matter of law.

At the hour of 8:25 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at 8:50 P.M. with all
members present as of the opening session.

 Consideration was given to the application of Louis Miranti to rezone Blocks 7 and
18; Block 6, except Lots 9, 15,16 and 47; Block 19, except Lots 11, 19 and 20; Block
30, except Lots 9 and 11 of Las Vegas Square from R-1 to R-3.

Mr. Bills stated that this application had been approved by the Planning Commission,
but the matter deferred from the City Commission meeting of January 18, 1956 pending
a conclusion of the condemnation proceedings to acquire right-of-way for Decatur Boule-
vard. He advised the Commission that this right-of-way has been acquired.

Mr. Bills further stated that the reason for the exception of certain lots was that
Mr. Miranti did not own this property at the time the application was made, but did
own it now. He stated that the Planning Commission felt that the entire area should
be rezoned R-3.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Blocks 7,6,18,19 and 30 of Las Vegas Square
be rezoned from R-1 to R-3.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Franklin Bills presented the request of Vegas Transit Lines for rerouting and rescheduling
of the busses, as approved by the Traffic and Parking Commission. Mr. Bills stated
that the Traffic and Parking Commission further recommended that bus stops be in-
stalled on the east side of South 4th from the alley north to the intersection of
Fremont and on the west side of North 4th from the alley south to the intersection of
Fremont.

This matter was referred to Commissioners Bunker and Fountain for study and recommen-
dation at the next regular meeting of the Commission.

City Engineer Wade recommended acceptance of the contract work for the construction of
the Dog Kennels and final payment to Paul Wagner in the amount of $749.77.

Commissioner Bunker moved that final payment to Paul Wagner for construction of the
Dog Kennels in the amount of $749.77 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the warrant register and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue
the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

The City Engineer recommended acceptance of the contract work and release of bond for
the Civic Center Parking Lot and Jefferson Recreation Area paving and final payment
to Pahlen Construction in the amount of $1,036.70.

Commissioner Bunker moved that final payment to Pahlen Construction Co. for the Civic
Center Parking Lot and Jefferson Recreation Area paving in the amount of $1,036.70 be
approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the
Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant, and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

The City Engineer recommended acceptance of the work and release of the bond for East
Charleston Water Line and final payment to Longley Construction Co. in the amount of
$1,245.23.

Commissioner Fountain moved that final payment to Longley Construction Co. for the East
Charleston Water Line in the amount of $1,245.23 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the warrant register and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized
to issue the warrant, and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple

City Engineer Wade recommended acceptance of the contract work and release of bond for
the Fire Alarm building and final payment to J. A. Tiberti Construction Co. in the
amount of $10,702.23.

Commissioner Sharp moved that final payment to J. A. Tiberti construction Co. for the
Fire Alarm building in the amount of $10,702.23 be approved, the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the warrant register, the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to
issue the warrant, and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner

Whipple.

REZONING Z-34-55

Louis Miranti

BUS ROUTES & SCHEDULES

DOG KENNELS
Final Payment

PARKING LOTS
Final Payment

E. CHARLESTON WATER LINE
Final Payment

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Final Payment