off-site improvements installed in connection with Variance V-40-55
be accepted and the bond of Dan H. Plunkett in the amount of $3500.00
released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the follow-
ing vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor vot-
ing aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Theresa Doolittle
for a thirty (30') foot right-of-way interest in portions of Tobin
Avenue, Lexington Street, "J" Street and an unnamed street.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner
Sharp and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of August, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 7th day of August, 1957, executed
by Theresa Doolittle, a widow to the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be at-
tached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and
this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Ferris M. and Alice
M. Doolittle for a thirty (30') foot right-of-way interest in portions
of Tobin Avenue, "J" Street and "H" Street.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of August, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 7th day of August, 1957, executed
by Ferris M. Doolittle and Alice M. Doolittle, husband and wife to
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for
the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be at-
tached to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of
the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this
resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Supervisor of Building and Safety Art Trelease presented the applica-
tion of Josephine White for permission to move a house from 1000%

North "C" Street to 121 Madison Avenue. Mr. Trelease submitted pic-
tures of the existing structure and recommended approval of the appli-
cation, subject to the posting of a bond.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the moving of this
house. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Josephine White to move
a house from 1000% North "C" Street to 121 Madison be approved, sub-
ject to compliance with building and fire codes, and the posting of
a bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for license for the
retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be approved, and the
Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

FIRST NATIONAL BANK	730 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

LUCKY 13	13 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

MONTE CARLO CLUB	15 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

O. K. BARBER SHOP	1114 Fremont	Sutton	Vending

OLYMPIC GAS	413 West Bonanza	 Sutton Vending

PINKY'S LIQUOR	1232 South 5th	 Sutton Vending

SAVOY GRILL	624 South 5th	Sutton	Vending

UNION OIL SERVICE	847 West Bonanza          Sutton	Vending

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Tobin, Lexington, "J"
and Unnamed Street

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

Tobin, "J" & "H"

J

HOUSE MOVING PERMIT
Josephine White

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
New Locations