City Manager Kennedy requested permission to purchase a Scotchlite Maintenance Table to
be used in the manufacture of street and stop signs. Mr. Kennedy stated that this equip-
ment would cost approximately $1037.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved this request be granted and a purchase order for the purchase
of a Scotch-lite Maintenance Table in the amount of $1037.00 authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed amendment
to the liquor ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Bunker, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed rezoning
ordinance requested additional time before reporting.

Messrs. Ralph Denton and Joseph McDonald, representing Mr. Z. Louie in his application
for the gaming & liquor licenses for the Louisanna Club, appeared before the Commission
at this time.

No action was taken on these applications because Mr. Louie had not paid his application
fees and is not a registered voter.

Commissioner Bunker moved the tavern liquor license of Raymond Salmon for the Bonanza Bar,
4l8 West Bonanza be suspended based on reports by the Police Department, and Mr. Salmon
notified to appear at the next regular meeting to show cause why his license should not
be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the petition received from property owners on East Charleston
concerning the setbacks from 16th to Fremont be referred to the Planning Commission for
recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Plot Plan of Twin Lakes Shipping Center known as #Z-26-56
be approved and the map and conditions filed with the City Clerk.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the application of John Pappas for a use permit to construct a
service station at the SE corner of Washington Avenue and Highway 95.

Director of Planning Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment had recom-
mended this application be approved subject to the rezoning of the property to C-1 and
submission of the signed agreement for the installation of off-site improvements together
with a bond covering said improvements.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of John Pappas for a use permit for a service
station at the SE corner of Washington Avenue and Highway 95 be approved subject to the
signing of the off-site agreement and the filing of a personal bond in the amount of
$5,278.00, and the City Clerk be instructed to draft the standard resolution of approval,
which is hereby adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting held on the 21st day of November, 1956, having considered the application of John
Pappas for a use permit to construct a service station at the SE corner of Washington
Avenue and Highway 95; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application subject to the rezoning of the property to C-1 and submission to the signed
agreement for installation of off-site improvements together with a bond covering said im-
provements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John Pappas for
a use permit to construct a service station at the SE corner of Washington Avenue and
Highway 95 be approve subject to the signing of the off-site agreement and the filing of a
personal bond in the amount of $5,278.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Edward Debord for the club liquor license of
the Downtown Civic & Social Club, 126½ North 1st Street, formerly issued to George E. Harmon,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



City Clerk 	Mayor

PURCHASE OF EQUIPMENT
Traffic Signs

PROPOSE ORDINANCE
Liquor Amendment

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Rezonings

LIQUOR & GAMING
LICENSES
Luisanna Club

BONANZA BAR
License Suspended

EAST CHARLESTON
SETBACKS
Petition

TWIN LAKES SHOPPING
CENTER
PLOT FLAN

USE PERMIT -U-42-56
John Pappas

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Downtown Civic &
Social Club