12.	Chapter 307, Section 3 of the Statutes of Nevada 1951 concern the Water
District.

13.	Section 11 of the Charter is amended so that the members of the Commission
are not eligible to hold the office of City Manager during their term or
for one year thereafter.

14.  Section 16½ of the Charter deletes the provision that prohibits members

of the Commission from holding the position of City Manager, which provision
was added to Section 11.

15.	Section 41 of the Charter is changed deleting the provision that allows the 
city clerk to have deputies, assistants or clerks.

16.	Section 3 of Chapter II of the Charter is amended to provide for a primary
and general municipal election. Mr. Cannon presented two proposals.

Alternative No. 1 makes a change so that in 1959 all members of the Commission,
the City Attorney and Municipal Judge are up for election and thereafter
an election will be held only every four years.

Alternative No. 2 makes a change so that there is a primary and general
municipal election, but two commissioners, a city attorney and a municipal
judge will be elected in 1957; and in 1959 the other two commissioners and
the mayor will be elected.

The Commission decided upon Alternative No. 2 as the proposed change to
this section.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, the meeting adjourned.
ATTEST:	APPROVED:



1-10-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
January 16, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
16th day of January, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

ANNEXATION -	Mayor Baker announced that this was the time set for the public hearing on the annexation of

Public Hearing	portions of Sections 29, 30, 31 and 32 of T20S, R61E, MDB&M and requested the Planning

Director to give a report on the recommendation of the Planning Commission.



Mr. Bills explained that this proposed annexation was instituted by petitions requesting
annexation submitted by property owners. He stated that the boundaries of the area may be
generally described as that property between the East City Limits, East Charleston Boulevard,
Nellis Boulevard and Owens Avenue. He explained originally it was proposed to include property
50 feet south of the section line on East Charleston and 50 feet norths of the section line
on Owens Avenue. This was done to include the right of way for Owens Avenue and East
Charleston Boulevard so that the City could avoid having two major streets with dual
jurisdiction. However, due to a number of legal and practical problems it was decided not
to include this portion.

Mr. Bills stated that according to City Ordinance, property annexed to the City must be
annexed with the same or nearest comparable zoning classification which was designated by
the County, The majority of the property is presently zone R-E in the County and the
nearest comparable City zoning is R-A, which permits farming and live stock raising. He
explained that any uses existing in the area would be permitted to continue so long as
they ware not a public nuisance.

Planning Director Bills further stated that public safety services such as fire and police
protection could be more economically provided in this area by the City, and pointed out
that a new fire station on East Charleston was nearing completion.

Mr. Bills pointed out that the strongest argument in favor of the annexation is related to
over-all community development. It is felt that the annexation of this property will have
the effect of checking the present trend of City development to the west. He stated that
the City could not expand to the north because of North Las Vegas, nor to the South because
of the Town of Winchester, and it is more logical to annex to the east because of the
accessibility of sewage and water supply.

Mr. Bills stated that 204 property owners had been notified and only two written protests
had been filed.

1-16-57