BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a
regular meeting held on the 2nd day of January, 1957 having considered the application
of John W. Wise and Fred O. Cobb for use permit to erect a hotel and casino sign
52'3" in height at 600 North Main Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application and the Board having been advised that the agreement had been signed
but the bond had not yet been posted;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of John W. Wise
and Fred O. Cobb for use permit to erect a hotel and casino sign 52'3" in height at
600 North Main Street be approved subject to the applicants posting the required bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment to the contractor for the air condi-
tioning of City Hall be made.

Commissioner Sharp moved that final payment to Western Heating & Ventilating in the
amount of $2,435.70 for the air conditioning of City Hall be approved, the Mayor
and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register and the Treasurer and Comptroller
authorized to issue the warrant, and the bond on this contract released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

City Engineer Wade recommended that an extension of time for completion of the Addi-
tions to the City Jail from January 10, 1957 to March 6, 1957 be granted. Mr. Wade

stated that this request was made due to the fact that March 6th is the completion
date for the equipment for the City Jail and these two contracts must be correlated.

Commissioner Fountain moved that the time for the completion of the Additions to
the City Jail be extended from January 10, 1957 to March 6, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

No action was taken on the acceptance of Glen Heather #1 and release of bond.

City Engineer Wade recommended acceptance and release of the bond for the off site

improvements by Gordon & Stein at 16th and Charleston.

Commissioner Whipple moved the off site improvements on 16th and Charleston be accepted
and the off site improvement bond filed by Gordon and Stein released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

City Engineer Wade recommended that final payment of the architectural fees to John
Replogle on the Fire Alarm Building be made.

Commissioner Sharp moved the architect fees of John Replogle for the Fire Alarm Build-
ing in the sum of $173.55 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the
warrant register and the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

City Engineer Wade recommended the request of the Southern Nevada Power Company for
an extension of 6 months for the installation of new sidewalks at Lots 15 and 16, Block
5, Clark's Las Vegas Townsite be granted. Mr. Wade stated this was requested due to
the fact that the Power Company plans to erect a new building at this site.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Southern Nevada Power Company for
extension of time for the installation of new sidewalks at Lots 15 and l6, Block 5,
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite be approved until May 15, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

At this time Commissioner Bunker arrived at the meeting.

At this time City Engineer Wade presented the request of Herb McDonald for a forty-one
foot driveway at Lot 39, Block 3; Rancho Park Subdivision to permit him to place a
circular driveway next to his garage in a residential area and recommended its approval.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Herb McDonald for a forty-one foot driveway
at Lot 39, Block 3, Rancho Park Subdivision be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the request of Twin Lakes Estates for 120 day extension
of time for completion of the subdivision. Mr. Wade explained that the extension was
requested due to difficulty in arranging financing and a subsequent slowdown in con-
struction schedules.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of Twin Lakes Estates for an extension of time
of 120 days from January 6, 1957 on their subdivision agreement be approved, the
extension to expire on May 15, 1957.

1-2-57

AIR CONDITIONING
CONTRACT
Final Payment

ADDITIONS TO CITY JAIL
Extension of Time





GLEN HEATHER #1

GORDON & STEIN
Acceptance

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Architect Final Payment



SO. NEVADA POWER CO.
Sidewalk Installation

DRIVEWAY PERMIT
Herb McDonald

TWIN LAKES ESTATES
Extension of Time