7. Along the south side of the alley running vest to east located between Fre-
mont and Carson, beginning at 2nd Street vest to the alley running north
north to south located between 1st & 2nd Streets.

8.	Along the north side of the alley running west to east located between Fre-
mont and Carson, beginning at 1st Street east to the alley running north to
south located between 1st and 2nd Streets.

9.	Along the north side of the alley running west to east located between Fre-
mont and Carson, beginning at the alley running north to south located be-
tween Main & 1st Streets, east to 1st Street.

Discussion was held with the Traffic Engineer on the type of signs proposed to be
used to advise vehicular traffic of these restrictions.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this recommendation of the Traffic and Parking
Commission for parking restrictions in the alleys in the downtown area be approved and
the City Attorney instructed to prepare an amendment to the ordinance for presenta-
tion to the Commission.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Planning Director Bills presented the tentative map of Bel Air #3; as recommended for
approval by the Planning Commission.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Bel Air #3 be approved, subject to
the submission of drainage plans to the Engineering Department and the signing of the
agreement and posting of a bond for off-site improvements.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Sharp.

Field Engineer Ken Hansen reported that a request had been received for acceptance
and final payment on the City Jail Equipment. Mr. Hansen stated that there were
some deficiencies still existing in this project and recommended that final payment
and acceptance be held in abeyance until such time as the contractor has complied
by correcting the deficiencies.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and final acceptance and
payment on the City Jail Equipment be held in abeyance until the deficiencies are
corrected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission considered the final acceptance, final payment and release of bond on
Assessment District No. 1OO-36, which is a paving improvement in the Westside area
of the City.

Field Engineer Hansen advised the Commission that the total amount of retention is
$35,245.10, less $2,112.00 due the City for sweeping of the chips, making a total
amount due Contractor V.C. Mendenhall of $33,137.10. Mr. Hansen further advised that
the Contractor had submitted a bond in the amount of $10,025.10 to cover the additional
construction of alley approaches.

The recommendation of the Engineering Department was that this project be accepted,
final payment approved and the bond released.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that Assessment District No. 100-36 be accepted,
final payment to Contractor V.C. Mendenhall in the total amount of $33,137.10 author-
ized, and the performance bond posted released, subject to approval of the $10,025.10
bond for additional work being done approved by the City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the Engineering Department for permission
to advertise for bids for the installation of pump equipment at the new Sewage Treat-
ment Plant be approved,said bids to be opened by the Commission on August 7; 1957-

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission requested that notice on this bid and all other proposed bids be ad-
vertised as soon as possible so that bidders may be given at least thirty days to
prepare their proposals.

The Commission considered the final map of Hollydale Tract, and were advised that
the Subdivision Agreement, Bond, inspection fee and required letters from the utility
companies had been submitted and checked.

Commissioner Bunker moved the final map of the Hollydale Tract be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign said map and agreement.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

BEL AIR #3 -
Tentative Map

Approved



CITY JAIL EQUIPMENT
Acceptance held

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-36
Acceptance & Final
Payment

PUMP EQUIPMENT
New Sewage Treatment
Plant

Bids to be Called

HOLLYDALE TRACT
Final Map