Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that Requisition No. 7731 for the Fire
Department, Requisition No. 7164 for the Police Department, and Requisition No.

1066 for Municipal Court, to Lee Office Equipment for furniture in the total
amount of $2,187.68 be approved, and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to came before the Board at this time, Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



SHIRLEY LODWICK, City Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor



Las Vegas, Nevada
June 19, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 19th day of June, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Asst. City Attorney    Ralston O. Hawkins
Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Mayor Baker announced that Commissioner Reed Whipple was on vacation and would not
be in attendance at this meeting.

This being the continuation of the public hearing of May 22nd and June 5th, 1957
on the petition of Otis & Florence Harris and others, for the vacation of that
portion of Jackson Avenue between "N" Street and Highland Avenue, His Honor asked
for a report from the City Attorney's office on this matter.

Assistant City Attorney Hawkins advised the Commission that it was their recommenda-
tion that the Board abandon the vacation proceedings, and if it is determined that
this street is not necessary, that the property be deeded back to the original grantors.

At this time the Clerk read the following resolution denying the petition for vacation:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, a Petition for Vacation was filed with the City Clerk of the City of
Las Vegas on April 5th, 1957; petitioning the Board of Commissioners to vacate the
land described as follows:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situated in the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the North-
west One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section
28, Township 20 South, Range 6l East, M.D.B. & M., and being more
particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southwest comer of the Northwest One-Quarter
(NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, Township 20
South, Range 6l East; thence North along the Westerly line of the
Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Sec-
tion 28, a distance of 429.42 feet; thence East parallel with the
North line of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-
Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, a distance of 40 feet to the true
point of beginning; thence continuing East and parallel with said
North line a distance of 113.92 feet more or less to a point on the
East line of that certain parcel of land, conveyed by Arnold Zaugg
to Otis Harris, as described in Document 283990 by Parcel 2, re-
corded April 29, 1948 in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark
County, Nevada; thence South along the Easterly line thereof to the
Northeast comer of that certain parcel of land conveyed by Otis
Harris to Arthur Starling and Gertrude Starling, as described in
Docket 312302, recorded May 11, 1949 in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; thence West along the North line
thereof a distance of 113.92 feet to a point; thence North parallel

with and 40 feet East at right angle to the West line of the North-
west One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section
28, to the true point of beginning;

VACATION OF STREET
Portion of Jackson