DESERT DRUGS	603 Van Buren	Frank C. Harp

JIM & HELEN'S SKILLET	1519 South Main	Valley	Lee Vending

LARRY'S MUSIC BAR	413 Jackson	"	"	"

PARK MARKET	424 North 5th	Albert	Goot

ROCCO'S ITALIAN FOODS	2008 E. Charleston	Sutton	Vending

STAGG MEDICAL CENTER	W. Charleston	"	"

SUNDOWN LIQUORS	212 North Main	"	"

10TH & FREMONT MOTOR SER.	114 North 10th	"	"

VILLAGE COFFEE SHOP	1038 Tonopah	"	"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution be adopted accepting the deed from
the Las Vegas Land & Water Company for five acres of property generally located in
the S½ of the NW¼ of Section 26, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M, known as "N"L.D. 2913-2 and re-
corded in Clark County Recorder's office as Document No. 98770, Book 120 on February

5 1957:

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner E.W.
Fountain, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 20th day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the Deed, dated the 8th day
of January, 1957; and Recorded on February 5; 1957 as Document No. 98770 in Book 120,
Clark County Records, executed by LAS VEGAS LAND AND WATER COMPANY to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes therein contained; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said Deed,
and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

At this time City Attorney Cannon presented the escrow instructions, a grant bargain
and sale deed, and an agreement regarding the proposed sale of five (5) acres of
land at the Old Ranch to the Eagles Lodge.

It was pointed out that the City was to pay the entire cost of the Title Policy and 50%
of the escrow fees. Inasmuch as it was the understanding of the Board that the pur-
chase price of the property was to be $10,000.00 net to the City, the City Manager
was instructed to contact the Eagles regarding payment of the Title Policy and escrow
fees and report back to the Commission.

At this time Director of Public Works George Wade made a progress report on the pro-
posed assessment district for the improvement of East Charleston Boulevard from 15th
Street to the intersection of Charleston Blvd, with Fremont Street.

Mr. Wade stated that the deeds for the dedication of the alley are being prepared by
the City Attorney's office and the property owners are being contacted. He reported
that property owners, with two exceptions are in favor of this district and have in-
dicated their willingness to dedicate the necessary right-of-way.

City Attorney Cannon pointed out to the Commission that the District will have to be
handled as as two separate projects. One, the opening of the alley and where there
are encroachments on the alley that will require an agreement on the part of the exe-
cutor that they will remove the encroachment within five years.

The Board then instructed the Public Works Department to take the necessary steps to
see how much of this property can be obtained by quit claim deed under these conditions
and then the Board will determine whether or not they desire to condemn the property
that cannot be obtained by quitclaiming.

Mr. Cannon continued that the second step is that at the time the Commission determines
that it wants to go ahead, they should have a petition on file for vacation of a por-
tion of the street and also a petition for the creation of an assessment district to
install the improvements that are desired. Mr. Cannon stated that it appears that
the petition for vacation has been filed; however, no action should be taken until
all the property owners have signed a petition for the creation of an improvement
district to install the necessary improvements.

City Engineer Wade reported that the Hinson Street Sewer line to the new Fire Station
north of Charleston Boulevard has been inspected, the Notice of Completion filed on
February l4, 1957 and recommended that this work be accepted and the retention of
$261.00 be paid to the contractor George E. Miller Co.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the Hinson Street Sewer line be accepted, the performance
bond released and payment of $261.00 to contractor, George E. Miller Co. be approved and
the Treasurer and Comptroller authorized to issue the warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Sharp.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission that the installation of the pump at the Golf
Course has been completed, the Notice of Completion filed on February 13, 1957 and
recommended that this work be accepted and the retention of $362.30 be paid to con-
tractor, S.R. McKinney & Son.

ACCEPTANCE OF DEED
Las Vegas Land &
Water Co.



SALE OF CITY
PROPERTY
Eagles Lodge



PROPOSED ASSESSMENT
DISTRICT - East
Charleston Blvd.



HINSON STREET SEWER
LINE - Acceptance &
Release of Bond



GOLF COURSE PUMP
Acceptance & Release
of Bond 