Commissioner Sharp moved this hearing be continued until June 19, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioner

Fountain, Sharp and Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of Nelle Price Rossi for variance to permit the
renting of three additional bedrooms at her residence at 1713 Ophir Drive (Lot 6, Block 11
Bonanza Village Tract) in an R-E zone.

Mayor Baker stated that a letter had been received from Mrs. Rossi advising that she will
be out of town and requesting that this matter be continued. His Honor asked if there
were objections to the continuance of this matter until the next meeting of the Commission.

Several property owners from Bonanza Village Tract were present and stated that they did
object to the continuance and requested that action be taken to deny the application for
variance.

Planning Director Bills reported that Mrs. Rossi's application for variance had been denied
by the Board of Adjustment on the ground that this would in effect constitute a commercial
hotel. Mr. Bills further reported that there had been a substantial number of protests
in person and by petition at the hearing held by the Board of Adjustment.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Nelle Price Rossi that action on her
application for variance be continued, be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying the appli-
cation of Nelle Price Rossi for variance to rent three additional bedrooms at her residence
at 1713 Ophir Drive be accepted, and the said application denied, and the following resolu-
tion adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of Nelle Price Rossi for var-
iance to permit renting three additional bedrooms at her residence at 1713 Ophir Drive
(Lot 6, Block 11, Bonanza Village Tract) in an R-E zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application on the grounds that this would in effect constitute a commercial hotel;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Nelle Price Rossi
for variance to permit renting three additional bedrooms at 1713 Ophir Drive be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of the Walt Investment Co. for a use permit to
construct, operate and maintain a building to house the Nevada Test Site offices, warehouses,
shops and parking space for the Atomic Energy Commission on a five (5) acre parcel of land
on the west side of Rancho Road, approximately 300 feet south of Bonanza Road as extended.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that Mr. Alfred Luke, President of the Walt
Investment Company had contacted him and requested that this matter be continued until the
next meeting.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the continuance of this matter until
June 19, 1957.

The following persons objected to the continuance and also voiced their protest against
the granting of this use permit:

Jack Richardson
Dr. Gilbert Eklund
Max Kelch

Harry Hayden Whitely, representing himself and Messrs Ryland Taylor,
Ousley, Jones and Hall
Roy Long

W. W. Southard, Jr.

M. M. Sweeney - by letter

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of the Walt Investment Co. that action on their
application for a use permit be continued until June 19, 1957 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying the appli-
cation of the Walt Investment Company for a use permit to construct, operate and maintain
a building to house the Nevada Test Site Offices, warehouses, shops and parking space for
the AEC be accepted, said application denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regular
meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of the Walt Investment Company
for a use permit to construct, operate and maintain a building to house the Nevada Test
Site offices, warehouses, shops and parking space for the Atomic Energy Commission on a
five (5) acre parcel of land situated on the west side of Rancho Board, approximately 300
feet south of Bonanza Road as extended; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

VARIANCE -	V-4-57

Nelle Price Rossi

Denied



USE PERMIT - U-9-57
Walt Investment Co.
Denied