referred to Commissioners Bunker and Whipple for recommendation.

At this time Mayor Baker presented a letter from Louis Wiener representing the property
owners on South 5th Street who are working on the problem of the curb parking ban. No
discussion was held on the matter, and it was deferred until May 16, 1956.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy requested the Commission to direct the City Clerk to assess
Lots 1 through 8, Block 1 of Biltmore Addition Annex No. 3 in the amount of $l,4l5.79 for
the installation of sidewalks in this area. Mr. Kennedy stated that the City Attorney
had advised that this should be handled in this manner.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Clerk be authorized to notify the owners of Lots 1
through 8, Block 1, Biltmore Addition Annex No. 3 that the assessment for the installation
of sidewalks was in the amount of $l,4l5.79.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Commission directed the City Manager to meet with the Civil Service Board concerning
a discussion they wish to have on personnel problems.

Art Trelease, Supervisor of Building and Safety gave a report on Charleston Heights Tract
No. known as Cliff May Homes, stating that they have completed the structural defects
in the homes in accordance with the Code. He said they are still working on some things
for the Veterans Administration and for the owners. It was then requested that the stop
order on the occupancy certificates be lifted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Supervisor of
Building and Safety, the stop order on the occupancy certificates for Cliff May Homes,
Charleston Heists Tract No it be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested that a time be set for a meeting with t he Commission con-
cerning policy matters on the issuance of licenses. The meeting was set for Wednesday,

May 9th at 8.00 P.M.

City Manager brought up the prices of the cemetery lots in Woodlawn Cemetery. Mr. Kennedy
explained that some of the lots were priced at $50.00 and are recommended to be sold for
$80.00; some now sell for $65.00 and should be raised to $80.00; others are selling for
$80.00 and should remain at this price. He further recommended the County lots stay at
$25.00 and the baby plots be raised from $15.00 to $25.00. He explained that last year
the total income of the Cemetery was $20,943.46 and the cost of running the department was
$32,813.25. The Commission requested time to think this matter over and discuss at the
next meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved that John Replogle be retained as architect for the new fire
station on East Charleston.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy requested the City Attorney be authorized to commence condemnation
proceedings against the Union Pacific Railroad Company to obtain the right of way between
A Street and the Union Pacific Railroad.

Mr. Kennedy presented a letter from George W. Allen Jr. and from his doctors requesting that
he be released from the position of Chief of Police because of his health. The City
Manager further requested that George Allen be permitted to assume his old position of
Lieutenant, and that Ray Sheffer be appointed as Acting Chief of Police.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and that
George Allen be relieved of the duties of Chief of Police and a letter sent thanking
him for his fine work; further that he be retained as Lieutenant and that Ray Sheffer be
appointed as Acting Chief of Police.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The City Manager requested that Robert Boos be appointed as Administrative Assistant, to
assume the duties when the office space is available.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and Robert
Boos be appointed as Administrative Assistant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

George Wade, Director of Public Works reported that the progress of the installation of
requested improvements in Charleston Heights Tract No. 4 was very slow. He indicated that
the Commission had given them thirty days on the 4th of April, and if the work is not com-
pleted shortly that the matter will be turned over to the City Attorney for the necessary
legal action.

Discussion was held on the subdivision map of Ensley Place. The Commission was advised that
when the tentative map was approved that complete off-site improvements were not required.

In this tract it was allowed that roll-type curbs and gutters be installed, street lights nn
the intersection corners, and gravel streets. However, when the final map was approved by
the Planning Commission the complete subdivision requirements were stipulated.

The Commission determined that this matter be discussed at the next meeting of the Commission.

SOUTH 5TH STREET
CURB PARKING BAN-
Report

SIDEWALK ASSESSMENT
Biltmore Addition



CIVIL SERVICE

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 4



LICENSE ISSUANCE
Policy Meeting

CEMETERY LOT FEES

FIRE STATION
ARCHITECT

CONDEMNATION SUIT
R/W

POLICE CHIEF

ADMINISTRATIVE

ASSISTANT

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
TRACT NO. 4

SUBDIVISION
Ensley Place