Consideration was again given to the application of A. C. Delkin for rezoning of Lots 7
through 16, Block 10 of Ladd's Addition from R-3 and R-4 to C-1. This application had
been approved by the Planning Commission because it is bounded by commercially zoned
property on three sides and forms a wedge of multiple residential zoning projecting into
an otherwise commercially zoned area. The City Engineer reported that all improvements with
the exception of sidewalks and street lights were installed in this vicinity.

Mr. Calvin Liles was present and advised the Commission that the improvements that are
missing will be installed.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the rezoning of Lots 7 through 16, Block 10, Ladd's
Addition from R-3 and R-4 to C-1 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and Carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Lloyd St. John for a Beer License at
Twin Lakes Lodge, Tonopah Highway be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of W. J. Moore Jr. for conversion of cocktail
lounge liquor license into one additional tavern at the El Cortez Hotel, 612 Fremont,
making a total of two taverns at this location be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Nathan Young for A Restaurant Beverage
liquor license at the Little Village, 903 North 5th Street, being a new application,
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of William V. Wright, Las Vegas Press Club
for a Club Liquor license at 200 Fremont in the Fremont Hotel, 2nd story, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. Norman Cornwall, attorney for the Thriftimart, in their application for a Package
Liquor and a Wholesale Liquor and Importers Beverage License for the Thriftimart, 900
Tonopah Highway, appeared and requested information as to why the applications were not
on the agenda.

The Commission advised Mr. Cornwall that since proper arrangements had not been made
to present the application to them at this meeting, that consideration would be given
to the applications at the license meeting on June 27, 1956.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 14249 through 14779 in the net
amount of $73,581.40 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried By the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 6767 to 6883 to 6916
inclusive in the total amount of $220,475.63 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried By the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of May 14,16,23,31, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for license for additional gaming
for the second quarter of 1956 be approved.

FREMONT HOTEL	Ed Levinson	200 Fremont	2 Pan

SILVER CLUB CAFE	C. R. Millhizer	505½ Jackson	1 Craps

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the public hearing on the petition of property
owners, and the recommendation of the Planning Commission for a 13 foot portion of J
Street from Harrison to Owens, (West 13 feet of the East 50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼
of Section 28, T20S, R61E and the East 13 feet of the West 50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼
of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M.).

His Honor asked for objections, if any. No one present objected, and there were no
protests filed with the Clerk.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Planning
Commission, this vacation of a portion of J Street be approved and the following order adopted:

ORDER OF VACATION

A petition, dated the 4th day of April, 1956, signed by six (6) freeholders re-
siding in the area affected, having been filed with the Clerk of this Board, petitioning
for the vacation of a portion of J Street, hereinafter described, and said Petition having

REZONING - Z-13-56
A. C. Delkin
Ladd's Addition

LIQUOR APPLICATIONS
Additional



New



PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



GAMING APPLICATIONS
Additional

PUBLIC HEARING
Vacation of a Portion
of J Street