Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Arquilla & Tabak for one additional
Big 6 Wheel at the California Club, 101 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Not voting: Commissioner Bunker.

Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Robert L. Faiman for a license for the re-
tail sale of cigarettes and tobacco at Faiman's Village, 1000 Tonopah Highway be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 4 to 545 and 547 to 558 inclusive in
the net amount of $76,633.61 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 7907 to 8060 inclusive
in the total amount of $159,393.61 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the minutes of September 5 and 7, 1956, be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney to attend the
Conference of the National Institute of Municipal Law Officers in Omaha, Nebraska October
8 to 10, 1956 be approved and expenses of $250.00 be allowed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following resolution be adopted:

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas has filed a complaint in eminent domain against
Ancell G. Brown and others for the purpose of constructing Owens Avenue West of the Union
Pacific Railroad right-of-way; and

WHEREAS, the City desires immediate possession of Parcel No. 1 as described in the
complaint on file in Case No. 78483 in the Eighth Judicial District Court of the State of
Nevada in and for the County of Clark; and

WHEREAS, an order has been issued by said Court authorizing	the	possession	by the

City of said Parcel No. 1 upon the filing of a bond to insure	the	property owner	that his

damages and costs will be paid, the amount of said bond to be Fifteen Thousand ($15,000)
Dollars; and

WHEREAS, the City desires to furnish said bond as required by the order of the
Court in order to obtain immediate possession;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED By the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of September, 1956, that the Mayor and
City Clerk be authorized sign a surety bond for the City of Las Vegas as principal in
an amount not to exceed Fifteen Thousand ($15,000.00) Dollars for the purpose of taking

immediate possession of the land, the subject to an action in eminent	 domain commenced by

the City of Las Vegas against Ancell G. Brown and others, such bond to run in favor of
Ancell G. Brown and Connie Brown.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized
to execute any other necessary documents or proceedings in order to effect the provisions of
this resolution.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Ralph Denton, representing Western Parking Inc. in their proposal to operate the five
city parking lots appeared before the Commission at this time.

Mayor Baker appointed Commissioners Fountain and Sharp to meet with representatives of Western
Parking Inc. and the City Manager to study this proposal and report to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved that purchase of 26.7 acres from the Las Vegas Valley Water
District, east of Hyde Park, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission now considered the deed from the Las Vegas Valley Water District for this
26.7 acre parcel of land located in the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 31, T20S, R61E, MDB&M,
for park purposes,approximately seven acres of which are to be set aside to be purchased by
the School District for a Jr. High School.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unanimously,
the following resolution is adopted and order made:

Additional

CIGARETTE LICENSE

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

CONFERENCE ATTENDANCE
City Attorney

RESOLUTION

Condemnation of Owens
Avenue

PARKING LOT PROPOSAL

PURCHASE OF PARK
PROPERTY

L.V. Valley Water
District