further that the following bids be opened on June 19, 1957 at 8:00 P.M.:

Reproduction Materials
Electric Lamps
Grass Seed
Fertilizer
Gravel

Maintenance Supplies

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent: Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Wade requested approval to proved with the installation of a sludge diversion
line at the existing sewage treatment plant. He explained that this construction
will provide necessary connection between the sewage digestor tanks and the recent-
ly constructed outfall by-pass line. Mr. Wade advised the Commission that informal
bids have been received from George E. Miller in the total amount of $1300.00 and
from Longley Construction Co. in the total amount of $1800.

The City Engineer recommended that the work proceed and the contract be awarded to
the low bidder, George E. Miller Construction Co.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be accepted and the con-
tract for the Sludge Withdrawal Line awarded to George E. Miller Construction Co. in
the total amount of $1300.00, further that the Mayor and Clerk be authorized to
sign said contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer Wade advised the Commission the off-site improvements required by
Variance V-8-56 approved by the Commission on July 10, 1956 in conjunction with
the construction of a building to house a laundry and dry cleaning plant on Lots
10 add 11, Block 10, Ladd's Addition in a C-1 Zone (City Laundry at 13th and
Carson) had been completed and inspected. Mr. Wade recommended that this work
be accepted and the bond filed by Mr. Delkin released.

Commissioner Fountain moved this recommendation be approved and the installation
of off-site improvements required by Variance V-8-56 be accepted, and the Royal
Indemnity Co. bond in the amount of $2970.00 filed by Mr. A.C. Delkin released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Mr. Wade presented the request of V.C. Mendenhall, Contractor on Assessment District
No. 100-36 for extension of time of two (2) weeks for the completion of this pav-
ing district. Mr. Wade stated that the only work to be done, that of sealing and
chipping, had been held up due to weather conditions, and recommended that this
request be approved.

Commissioner Whipple moved the request of V.C. Mendenhall Construction Co. for an
extension of two weeks time from May 16, 1957 for completion of Assessment Dis-
trict No. 100-36, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Earl A. and Sonya Honrath for
50% interest in that parcel shown as "Parkway" on the amended Mayfair Tract No.

2 Plat.

On motion of Commissioner Bunker, Duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple, and car-
ried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Sonya and Earl A. Honrath for their interest
in that parcel designated as "Parkway" on the amended Mayfair Tract No. 2 Plat, is
accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw up the standard resolution accep-
ting the deed which is hereby adopted.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, duly seconded by Commissioner
Reed Whipple, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and
order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 15 day of May, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
24 day of April, 1957; executed by Earl A. Honrath and Sonya Honrath, husband
and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the
real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of
street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County Recorder of the
County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records
of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Manuel Garcia for a Restaurant
Beverage license at the El Charro, 4l6 West Bonanza be approved as recommended
by the Police Department, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Ab-
sent: Commissioner Sharp.

SLUDGE WITHDRAWAL
LINE

VARIANCE - V-8-56
A.C. Delkin
Accepted and Bond
Released

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36

Extension of Time

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
DEED

"Parkway"- Mayfair
Tract No. 2

LIQUOR LICENSES
El Charro