Commissioner Bunker moved the request for ninety days extension on Charleston Heights
No. 3 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the subdividers on Charleston Heights No. 4 be granted
an extension of ninety days.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker,Fountain, and Whipple; noes, Commissioner Sharp and Mayor Baker.

 The Commission considered the quitclaim deed from Lewis Ewing et ux for Washington
Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of April, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of
the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the
2nd day of March, 1956, executed by Lewis Ewing and Jean Ewing husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real prop-
erty described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions
as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
deed, and that the same be recored in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

)ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK, )

I, Shirley Ballinger City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and correct copy of the
Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting of
the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of April, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 5th day of April, 1956.

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Clark of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By: /s/ Carolyn E. Carstensen

For: Washington Ave.	Deputy

 Consideration was given to the quitclaim deed from Berthold Starr et ux for Washing-
ton Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried u-
nanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of April, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 2nd day
of March, 1956, executed by Berthold Starr and Marie Anna Starr husband and wife
to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property
described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as
therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,
and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and this Resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

I, Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk, of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark,

State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full,true and correct copy
of the Resolution accepting the deed attached hereto duly adopted at a regular meeting
of the Board of Commissioners held on the 4th day of April, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official seal
this 5th day of April, 1956.

Shirley Ballinger

Clark of the City of Las Vegas

(SEAL)	By: Carolyn E.Carstensen

FOR: Washington Ave.	Deputy

 The Board considered the quitclaim deed from Felix Starr et ux for Washington Avenue.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker, and carried
unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
NO. 3

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
NO. 4

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEEDS

