1.  One bus stop in downtown area-North 4th Street

2.	Eliminate bus route north of County Hospital on Shadow Lane.

3.	Eliminate 20 minute service except during peak hours and replace by 40
minute service in non-peak hours.

Commissioner Fountain left the meeting at this time.

Commissioner Whipple moved this report be accepted and Vegas Transit Lines authorized
to make these changes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager and City Attorney be authorized to give
written notice to the Las Vegas Bench Advertising Company of the cancellation of their
contract with the City for advertising on bus stop benches.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Fountain.

At this time Commissioner Fountain returned to the meeting.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

12-27-56



Las Vegas, Nevada
January 2, 1957

A. regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 2nd day of January, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 8:10 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.01 for electric lamps,
proposals were received from the following firms:

SAVIERS ELECTRICAL PRODUCTS CORP.

STANDARD WHOLESALE SUPPLY CO.

PAVELL ELECTRIC SUPPLY CO.

OSBORNE ELECTRIC SUPPLY CO.

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and
Director of Public Works for analysis and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the hearing on whether or not the license for the Baby-Tel
Nursery should be revoked be continued until January 16, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of John W. Wise and Fred O. Cobb for a use

permit to erect a hotel and casino sign 52'3" in height at 600 North	Main Street.

This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment. Mr. Bills advised the
Commission that the agreement had been signed, but the bond had not yet been posted.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Planning Director Bills	stated that the Board	of Adjustment had held	a	public hearing

on this application for	use permit, but no protests had been raised.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved the application of John W. Wise and Fred O. Cobb
for a use permit to erect a hotel and casino sign 52'3" in height at 600 North Main
Street be approved subject to the applicants posting the required bond and the Clerk
authorized to draft the standard resolution which is hereby adopted:

BENCH CONTRACT

BID NO. 57.01
Electric Lamps
Opening



BABY-TEL NURSERY
Hearing Continued

USE PERMIT -U-47-56
Wise & Cobb