NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of the
Walt Investment Company for a use permit to construct, operate and maintain
a building to house the Nevada Test Site offices, warehouses, shops and parking
space for the Atomic Energy Commission on the west side of Rancho Road, be
denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

City Attorney Howard W. Cannon arrived at the meeting at 7:45 P.M.

Consideration was given to the application of George Oliver and Harry Benson for
reclassification of Lot l4, Block 11 and Lot 6, Block 12, Fairview Addition from
R-2 to R-4. The Planning Commission recommended this application be approved.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application for reclassification of Lot l4, Block
11, and Lot 6, Block 12 of Fairview Addition from R-2 to R-4 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

The Commission considered the application of Robert W. Owens for a variance to
construct a plant nursery office building in connection with a nursery at 2601
East Bonanza Road (Lots 7 and 8, Block 1, Artesian Acres).

Planning Director Bills reported that this application had been approved by the
Board of Zoning Adjustment subject to the following conditions:

1. All construction must conform to R-E zoning regulations.

2. All construction must conform to Fire Zone #2 regulations.

3.	All existing structures on the property are to be razed and
trash removed.

Mr. Bills further advised that an improvement agreement has been signed and that
no bond is necessary.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved subject
to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment, and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of Robert W. Owens
for variance to construct a plant nursery office building in connection with a
nursery at 2601 East Bonanza Road (Lots 7 and 8, Block 1, Artesian Acres); and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approv-
ing this application subject to l) All construction must conform to R-E zoning;
a) All construction must conform to Fire Zone #2 regulations; 3) All existing
structures on the property must be razed and trash removed, and the Board having
been advised the improvement agreement has been signed and no bond is necessary,

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Robert
W. Owens for variance to construct a plant nursery office building at 2601 East
Bonanza Road be approved subject to said conditions.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

The application of W. H. Bell for variance to erect an accessory building less than
the required distance from the rear property line and less than the required dis-
tance from an existing building between Palomino and Pinto Lanes in an R-A zone
was considered.

Planning Director Bills requested that this matter be referred back to the Plan-
ning Department for further study.

Commissioner Whipple moved the variance application of W. H. Bell for variance
be referred back to the Planning Department for further study.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Gilbert Eklund and Dr. Vincent
Sanner for variance to construct a professional, office building for five offices
on Lots 5, 6, 7 and a portion of Lot 8, Block 3; El Centro Addition #2 in an
R-4 zone and to construct said building within 3 feet of the front property line
where the Zoning Ordinance required 10 feet.

Mr. Bills reported that it was the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that
the variance to build the structure 3 feet from the property line be denied, and
in lieu thereof, a Use Permit be granted for said construction in accordance with
R-4 zone setback requirements of 10 feet from the front property line.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the granting of this Use Permit.

Mr. Cleveland Schultz was present at this time and advised the Commission that a
petition protesting the granting of a Use Permit had been filed with the Clerk,
signed by approximately 32 property owners. Mr. Schultz stated that these

REZONING - Z-5-57
Oliver & Benson

VARIANCE - V-5-57

Robert W. Owens

VARIANCE - V-6-57
W. H. Bell

VARIANCE -	V-3-57

Drs. Eklund & Sanner