Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Timm Distributing Company for lic-
ense for 3 slot machines at Uncle John's Pancake House, l404 Fremont Street be approved and
the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the following applications for additional gaming licenses be approved
and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to issue the licenses:

BROWN DERBY	P.L.	Jefferson	320	Monroe	4	slots

BOULDER CLUB -

2ND OPERATION	By:	J. L. Young	118	Fremont	7	slots

GOLDEN NUGGET	By:	C. C. King	129	Fremont	1	"21"

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Abe Miller for a percentage interest in the
Golden Gate, 1 Fremont Street, gaming and liquor license, said percentage formerly held by
Abe Harris, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 9210 through 9791 in the net amount of
$70,554.98 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 11506 through 11674 in the
total amount of $177,645.89 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of May 15 and 22, 1957 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the request of Howard W. Cannon, City Attorney, for military leave
for tour of duty commencing June 6 through June 15, 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of City Attorney Cannon for leave from June 6 through June
29, 1957; for military duty be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Commissioners Fountain and Whipple, committee for recommendation on the proposed ordinance re-
gulating collection agencies, requested additional time before reporting.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Arthur Smith, Jr. be reappointed as a member of the Golf Board of
the City of Las Vegas, for a period of five years, said term to expire June 30, 1962.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

City Manager Kennedy presented a purchase requisition for seed and fertilizer for the Ball
Park adjacent to the Municipal Golf Course in the amount of $1,528.50 and recommended its
approval.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Purchase Requisition No. 7586 to Clark County Wholesale in the
total amount of $1,528.50 for seed and fertilizer for the Ball Park adjacent to the Municipal
Golf Course be approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that it would be necessary to make an appointment as Acting
Director of Public Works until the vacancy created by the resignation of Director of Public
Works George Wade has been filled. He explained that during this interim period there would
be subdivision maps and other such documents that would need to be signed by someone in this
capacity, and the City Manager recommended that Works Engineer Victor Uehling be appointed
as Acting Director of Public Works.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved that Victor Uehling be appointed as Acting Director of
Public Works.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

Consideration was given to the purchase requisition for final payment to Wells Cargo on the
Street Patching Contract. Mr. Kennedy recommended this requisition in the total amount of
$2,367.58 be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8409 to Wells Cargo in the total
amount of $2,367.58 for final payment on the Street Patching Contract be approved and the
purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners Fountain,

Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Bunker.

GAMING LICENSE
Additional

GAMING & LIQUOR
Add'n of Partner

Golden Gate

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

MILITARY LEAVE
City Attorney

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

GOLF BOARD -
Reappointment of
Arthur Smith

BALL PARK -
Seed & Fertilizer

ACTING DIRECTOR OF
PUBLIC WORKS

Appointment

STREET REPAIR
CONTRACT
Requisition for
Final Payment