BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall he in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of October, 1955.

ATTEST:	

C. D. BAKER, Mayor

City Clerk

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 100-36
NOTICE TO BIDDERS

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN:	That the Board of Commissioners, Las Vegas,

Nevada, will receive bids for furnishing all labor, materials, transportation,
and services for improvements of proposed Assessment District No. 100-36, more fully
described in the plans and specifications of said District, as created by Emer-
gency Ordinance No. 665, of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved
on the 21st day of September, 1955; each bid to be in accordance with the plans,
specifications and other contract documents now on file with the City Clerk at
the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their bids,
a sworn statement of their financial responsibility, technical ability and ex-
perience. Such sworn statement may be required to be furnished before award
is made to any particular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the office of the
City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be accompanied by a certified or cashier's
check or bid bond for five per cent (5%) of the amount of the bid, made payable
to the order of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be sealed and filed with the
Board of Commissioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada, on or before the 19th
day of October, 1955; at 8:00 P.M., and will be opened and publicly read aloud at
or about 8:00 P.M. of that day in the Council Chambers.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that the
bidder will enter into the contract if awarded to him and will be declared for-
feited if the successful bidder refuses to enter into said contract after being
requested to do so by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, reserves
the right to reject any or all bids or waive any informality in a bid.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of ninety (90) days after the
date set for the opening thereof.

DATED:	October 21, 1955.

SHIRLEY BALLINGER

Publish:	October 31, November 7, and	City Clerk

November l4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and Carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Sharp introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution

NO. 200-17	authorizing the publication of notice that bids for the installation of improve-

Construction Bids	ments in Assessment District No. 200-17 will be opened December 7; 1955:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 666, passed, adopted and approved this 21st day of September, 1955;
and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City Clerk
to advertise for construction bids all in accordance with the proceedings heretofore
taken to construct said improvements by special assessment,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 21st day of October, 1955,
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will receive bids for
furnishing of labor, material, transportation and service for installing a sanitary
sewer in and along certain streets and alleys and portions of streets and alleys
easements in Special Assessment District No. 200-17, as created by Emergency Or-
dinance No. 666, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the receipt of
bids for said construction by publication on October 31, November 7 and November
14, 1955; in the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in the City of