The Commission considered a request for a change order on the construction of the
New Sewage Treatment Plant concerning the installation of a sump around the plant
for drainage purposes. The City Manager explained that this precaution was being
taken to take care of excess surface water and would cost approximately $1,367.23.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that this change order be approved.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted, and
that a change order for the installation of a sump around the new sewage treatment
plant be issued to Lembke-Clough & King in the amount of $1,367.23.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy presented for discussion the increasing problem of businesses licensed
in residential areas. The City Manager stated that the existing ordinance permits
the issuance of licenses in the home as long as the business is of a limited nature,
but the problem arises when the business expands and continues to operate at the
residential location.

The Commission discussed this matter at length and advised the City Manager that
their policy was that this practice should be discontinued and authorized the pre-
paration of an amendment to the ordinance to prohibit licensing of businesses in
residential areas unless a use permit or variance has been granted.

The City Manager advised the Commission that the Federal license on pin ball or
coin operated machines has been changed to $250.00 per annum, and as a result these
machines are being converted with coin pay-off chutes. Mr. Kennedy stated that the
City is now licensing these devices as slot machines, but the situation arises in
the limiting of the number of slot machines permitted in an establishment.

The Commission advised the City Manager that the pin ball or coin operated machines
licensed as slot machines should be included in the count of the twelve slot machines
permitted in an establishment other than an arcade or gaming establishment.

City Manager Kennedy reported on the paving of "A" Street between Charleston and Main,
and advised the Commission that three or four local paving contractors capable of per-
forming this contract have submitted informal bids. Mr. Kennedy explained that the
fourth contractor who did not bid, does not have equipment available at this time to
do the work. Hie Manager advised the Commission that the low bid is that of Wells
Cargo Inc., which is 8,512 square yards of MC Primer at 6¢ a square yard, and 8,512
square yards of A.C. Asphalt at 7¢ a square yard, making a total of $6,469.12, and
recommended that this proposal be accepted since this contractor can commence work
immediately. Mr. Kennedy stated that 50% of this improvement is being paid by the
property owners and is on deposit with the City.

Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the City Manager be accepted and
the contract for paving of South "A" Street from Main to Charleston be awarded to
Wells Cargo Inc. in the total amount of $6,469.12, and the Mayor and Clerk authorized
to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

Consideration was given to the request for permission to contract out the hauling
of gravel for the improvement of Bonanza Road, Bruce Street, Eastern Avenue and Owens
Avenue. City Manager Kennedy explained that Field Engineer Hansen and Street
Superintendent Sauer had contacted all the licensed trucking businesses, and the
lowest bid was that of Trigger Rock Sand and Gravel at 90¢ a yard.

Mr. Sauer stated that it was estimated that the City would require approximately
7,000 square yards for this improvement, at a total estimated cost of $6,000.00.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request to contract the hauling of gravel for the
improvement of East Bonanza Road, Bruce Street, Eastern Avenue and Owens Avenue
with Trigger Rock Sand and Gravel at 90¢ per square yard, at an estimated total
cost of $6,000.00 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the contract.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

The Commission requested that hereafter when proposals for supplies or services are
required in a short period of time, that bids be advertised, to be opened prior to
a scheduled meeting of the Commission by the Mayor, and then award of the bid can
be made at a subsequent Board meeting.

The City Manager reported that the slurry program will be completed on Friday. He
advised the Commission that the City has a tentative agreement with Las Vegas Building
Materials to buy two ready-mix trucks at a cost of $2750.00 each. Mr. Kennedy recom-
mended that this purchase be made, so that slurrying of streets can continue. He
explained that at the present time we are renting this equipment at a cost of $1,500.00
per month, and if we purchase the equipment it cannot only be used for our own program,
but can be rented to the State Highway Department for their use.

Commissioner Fountain moved the purchase of two ready-mix trucks from the Las Vegas
Building Materials, at a cost of $2750.00 each be authorized, and the purchase order
issued, as recommended by the City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Whipple

There being no further business to come before the Board, the meeting adjourned at the
hour of 4:40 P.M.

APPROVED

 s/ Shirley Lodwick	s/ C. D. Baker

City Clerk	Mayor	7-23-57

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Change Order

LICENSING OF
BUSINESSES
IN HOMES

PIN BALL MACHINES

"A" STREET PAVING
Main to Charleston

HAULING OF GRAVEL

Bonanza, Bruce,

Eastern & Owens


BID ADVERTISING &
OPENING

PURCHASE OF READY-
MIX TRUCKS