to be designated by the Fire Prevention Bureau and that the applicant con-
struct a sidewalk along the frontage of the property in accordance with
City standards and specifications;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Eugene Stanfill for a Use Permit to operate an auto salvage business at
222 West Wyoming be and the same hereby is approved subject to the con-
ditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Dr. Hale B. Slavin for a Use
Permit to convert an existing dwelling into a professional office building
at 1602 E. Charleston Boulevard. The Board of Adjustment approved this ap-
plication subject to the condition that the applicant install at his own ex-
pense the necessary off-site improvements on East Charleston Boulevard.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Dr. Hale B. Slavin for a use permit to convert an existing
dwelling into a professional office building at 1602 E. Charleston Boulevard;
and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application subject to the condition that the applicant in-
stall at his own expense the necessary off-site improvements on East Charles-
ton Boulevard;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr.

Hale B. Slavin for a use permit to convert an existing dwelling into a pro-
fessional office building at 1602 E. Charleston Boulevard be and the same
hereby is approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Ad-
justment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Bunker declared that he had sold the property to Dr. Slavin several
months ago, and then voted "aye".

Consideration was given to the application of Lloyd Skrenes to maintain an
off-street parking lot on Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract	The

motion of the Board of Adjustment to adopt a resolution recommending the
approval of the Use Permit was declared defeated by a split vote of "2 to
2", and referred to the Commission with the technical recommendation that
it be denied.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels appeared on behalf of the Maryland Park Manor Apart-
ments and protested the granting of this use permit.

Commissioners Fountain moved this use permit be approved subject to compliance
with the Code, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting of the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Lloyd Skrenes for a variance to maintain an off-street parking
lot on Lots 1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract #2; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
technically denying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Lloyd Skrenes for a use permit to maintain an off-street parking lot on Lots
1 and 2, Block 2, Maryland Tract #2 be and the same hereby is approved sub-
ject to compliance with the Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Commissioner Sharp passed his vote.

The Commission considered the application of Harry R. Lahr for a variance to
construct a service station at the southwest corner of 25th and Bonanza. The
Board of Adjustment recommended that this application for variance be denied.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for variance be denied, and the fol-
lowing resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Harry R. Lahr for a variance to construct a service station at
the southwest comer of 25th and Bonanza; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment de-
nying this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Harry
R. Lahr for a variance to construct a service station at the southwest comer
of 25th and Bonanza be and the same hereby is denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none.

USE PERMIT - U-2-56
Dr. H.B. Slavin

USE PERMIT - U-3-56
Dr. D.N. Leavitt

VARIANCE - V-l-56