Mr. Kennedy presented the addendum to the contract with the Tait Ap-
praisal Company for insurance appraisal of City property that was ap-
proved by the Commission on September 4, 1957. The City Manager re-
minded the Board that in the original proposal there was no provision
for time payment of 50% of the fee on completion of the field work
and the balance to be paid upon presentation of report.

Commissioner Sharp moved the addendum to the contract with the Tait
Appraisal Company be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,

none. Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The City Manager reported that the filter rock for the new Sewage Treat-
ment Plant has been tested and has met the specifications for sodium
sulphate soundness and specific gravity.

Mr. Kennedy requested approval for the purchase of office equipment for
the New Sewage Treatment Plant. The City Manager advised the Commission
that bids had been secured from Carter & Beville, Sarret Office Equip-
ment and Lee Office Equipment. He reported that Lee Office Equipment
was the low bidder in the amount of $1,332.39 and recommended that this
proposal be accepted.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the City Manager be
accepted and the office equipment for the New Sewage Treatment Plant
be purchased from Lee Office Equipment Company in the total amount of
$1,332.39.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

The City Manager requested approval of purchase requisition No. 8746 to
the Alhambra Foundry Company in the amount of $992.00 for manhole rings
and covers for the Sanitation Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved that purchase requisition No. 8746 to Alhambra
Foundry Company in the amount of $992.00 for manhole rings and covers be
approved and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioners Bunker and Fountain.

Discussion was held on the coin denominations for parking meters. Chief
of Police Sheffer presented a map showing the location of the 1¢ and 5¢
meters that will be replaced. The Commission authorized the replacement
of these meters with 5¢ and 10¢ meters that will be transferred from
Fremont Street.

The Board requested that this matter be presented to the Traffic and
Parking Commission so they will be acquainted with it.

Mr. Kennedy presented for discussion the proposed exchange of property
with the Clark County School District in the following areas:

1.	Hyde Park - West Charleston

2.	Municipal Golf Course

3.	John C. Fremont School

The City Manager advised the Commission that the Engineering Department
and City Attorney have prepared the necessary deeds for this exchange.

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas is desirous of making a property ex-
change with the Clark County School District and the School District is
desirous of exchanging certain property with the City and paying the
difference in value in cash, Commissioner Whipple moved that the City
convey to the Clark County School District that certain property com-
monly known as Hyde Park and West Charleston area, generally described
as:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situate in
the SE¼ of Section 31, T20S, R61E, MDB&M and more particularly
described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southeast corner of Lot 173, Block 10 of Hyde
Park No. 1 as shown by map thereof on file in Book 3 of Plats,

Page 56, as Document 389195, recorded August 16, 1952 in the
Office of the County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; thence
South 89°46'33" East parallel with the South line of the South-
east Quarter (SE¼) of Section 31, Township 20 South, Range 61
East, a distance of 1089.19 feet to the Northeast corner of that
certain parcel of land conveyed by the Las Vegas Valley Water

INSURANCE APPRAISAL

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

NEW SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT

Office Equipment

Purchase



MANHOLE RINGS & COVERS
Purchase Authorized

PARKING METERS

EXCHANGE OF PROPERTY
School District
and City