On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried
unanimously, the deed from Harry and Jerome Mack, Murray and Agnes Wollman for the ex-
tension of 6th Street from Canosa to St. Louis is accepted and the City Clerk instructed
to draw the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted, and the
City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of November, 1996, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 24th day of
October, 1956, executed by Harry Mack, Jerome D. Mack, Murray Wollman and Agnes Wollman
husband and wife, and witness by Dwight Engebregson. To the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is here-
by accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed, and that
the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

( FOR: SO. 6th STREET)

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried unani-
mously, the easement from the Las Vegas Valley Water District for an 80 foot right-of-way
for the extension of Hinson Street northerly from Charleston Boulevard to the new West
Charleston Fire Station site, is accepted and the City Clerk instructed to draw the
standard resolution accepting the easement which is hereby adopted, and the City Clerk
authorized to have the easement recorded.

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of November, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement, dated the 9th day of
October, 1956, executed by Las Vegas Valley Water District, a Public Corporation, To the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described
therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said easement, and
that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

(FOR:	HINSON STREET)

Commissioner Bunker moved the 10 foot easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company
along the north line of the new West Charleston Fire Station site be approved and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Elmer Orion Radeffer for 1% interest in
the Silver Palace be approved and his name added to the licenses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:

Mayor Baker. Commissioner Sharp did not vote, stating that his firm did the architectural
work for the Silver Palace.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 1653 through 2l84 in the net amount
of $76,102.56 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the Warrant Register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent: Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 8370 through 8400 and 8427
through 8563 in the total amount of $359,144.96 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the Warrant Register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of October 11,17 and 18, 1956 be approved by
reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the same upon transcription in
the official Minute Book.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Solicitations Review
Board, the application of the Women's Society of Christian Service of the First Methodist
Church for a charitable solicitation permit, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Fountain moved that pursuant to the recommendation of the Solicitations Review
Board, the application of the Muscular Dystrophy Association of America for a charitable
solicitation permit, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of M. M. Sweeney and John Pappas et al for
a zone change heretofore approved by the Board on a portion of the Twin Lakes property
owned by them, on the condition that certain improvements be installed and an agreement
entered into, is hereby amended and is as follows:	That they enter into an agreement for

the improvement of their portion of Washington Avenue or enter into an assessment district
for the improvement thereof; that they furnish a bond covering the installation of im-
provements on Tonopah Highway in the event the State Highway Department does not install
the improvements within a reasonable length of time; the improvements shall be put in in
accordance with the agreement and the plot plan as filed with the City of Las Vegas and

DEED - 6th Street

EASEMENT - Hinson
Street

EASEMENT TO POWER
COMPANY

Fire Station

GAMING & LIQUOR
LICENSES
Silver Palace

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES



CHARITABLE SOLICITA-
TION PERMITS

REZONING
Sweeny-Pappas