NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Dr. Emil F.
Cava/ for a use permit he and the same hereby is approved subject to the conditions
set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain , Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of C.K. and Marion Christensen for a use
permit to install four ovens to manufacture charcoal at 300 West Wyoming Street. The
Board of Adjustment approved this application for a period of one year.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
C.K. and Marion Christensen to install four ovens to manufacture charcoal at 300
West Wyoming; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application for one year;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of C.K. and
Marion Christensen for a use permit be and the same hereby is approved for one year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Pioneer Builders Inc. for a variance
to reduce the rear yard requirements from 23.9 feet to 20 feet on Lots 7,8,11,14,

15 and 18, Block 4 and Lots 7, 8,11,14,15 and 18, Block 5; Sunset Manor Tract #1.

The Board of Adjustment recommended approval of this application.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this variance. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution
adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a
regular meeting on the 4th day of April, 1956, having considered the application of
Pioneer Builders Inc. for variance to reduce the rear yards requirements from 23.9
feet to 20 feet onLots 7, 8,11,14,15 and l8, Block 4 and Lots 7, 8,11,14, 15 and 18,

Block 5 of Sunset Manor Tract #1; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Pioneer
Builders, Inc. for variance, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of O.M. and Melva Snodgrass for a use
permit to convert an existing dwelling for the maintenance and operation of a day
and night child nursery at 2314 Fairfield Avenue.

The Board decided to hold this application in abeyance until April 11th to give
the applicant an opportunity to contact the Child Welfare Board and get a recom-
mendation from this Board.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition for annexation of
the West 332 feet of the SE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 20, R6lE, MDB&M be approved was
considered.

This matter was held in abeyance until the next meeting.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Virginia Manor #1 be approved sub-
ject to an equitable agreement with the Las Vegas Union School District.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the tentative map of Judy Rich Tract #2 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner
Sharp passed his vote.

Commissioner Fountain moved the tentative map of Ensely Place #1 be approved subject
to an equitable agreement with the Las Vegas Union School District.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes,none. Mayor Baker declared that
he was interested in this subdivision and declined to vote.

Commissioner Bunker moved the request for ninety days extension on Charleston Heights
No. 5 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp
passed his vote.

USE PERMIT - U-16-56
C. K. Christensen

VARIANCE - V-5-56
Pioneer Builders

USE PERMIT - U-12-56
O.M. Snodgrass

ANNEXATION -
Sec. 20, T20S,R6lE.



VIRGINIA MANOR #1
Tentative Map

JUDY RICH TRACT #2
Tentative Map

ENSELY PLACE #1
Tentative Map

CHARLESTON HEIGHTS
NO. 5