Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The application of Milton Prell and Associates for the liquor and gaming licenses of the
Pioneer Club, 25 Fremont was considered.

Chief of Police Ray Sheffer explained that there are 28 members of the partnership, 16
of which have previously been investigated and hold gaming and liquor licenses in other
locations. He further stated that these sixteen control 77% of the total partnership.

He advised the Commission that the Nevada Tax Commission will approve these applicants
on November 28th for operation only, and pending final approval at their meeting of
December 28th, the old license holders will be held responsible for the conduct of the
new operators.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Milton Prell and Associates to
take over the operation of the Pioneer Club at 25 Fremont Street be approved subject
to the Nevada Tax Commission's approval on November 28th and final approval on December
28th and completion of the Police investigation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent? Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Harriet Cicchetti for a restaurant beverage
license at Rocco's, 2008 E. Charleston, be deferred until next meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 2186 through 2727 in the net amount
of $75,937.65 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote? Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 8564 through 8720 in
the total amount of $87,324.24 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign
the warrant register.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the minutes of November 7, 1956 be approved by reference and
the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker passed his vote. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for charitable solicitation
permits, be approved by the Solicitations Review Board, be approved.

BOULDER DAM VFW AUXILIARY

CLARK COUNTY ASSN. FOR RETARDED CHILDREN

ALPHA EPSILON

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the claim of Feuz Page for damages in the amount of $210.00
allegedly caused by the bursting of a fire hydrant at 17th and Fremont be deferred until
next meeting for further investigation by Cantlon Adjustment Company.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent? Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that payment of $150.00 to C. R. Cosbey and Mort Galane for the
east 30 feet of Lot 9, Block 30, Las Vegas Square Subdivision for the right-of-way for
Decatur Boulevard be approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent? Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved that payment of $200.00 to Edward P. Swedo for the west 10
feet of Lot 47 Block 6, Las Vegas Square Subdivision for the right-of-way for Yale Avenue
be approved and the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Commission that Ancell Brown had made an offer to settle
the right-of-way for Owens Avenue if the City will pay $6,000 for his property. Mr.

Cannon recommended that this offer be accepted since the appraised value is $5,564.00
and may cost the City more in trial costs if the matter goes to condemnation.

Commissioner Bunker moved the offer of Ancell Brown to sell his property on Owens Avenue
for $6,000 be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the warrant register
and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized to prepare the warrant and deliver to the
City Attorney.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of Chester H. Lyon to Purchase five acres of
City property near the new East Charleston Fire Station, with an option on an additional
8½ acres. No action was taken on this proposal.

Commissioner Fountain introduced and moved the adoption of the following resolution:

LIQUOR & GAMING
LICENSES
Pioneer Club

LIQUOR APPLICATION
Rocco's
New

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

CHARITABLE SOLICITATION
PERMITS



CLAIM FOR DAMAGES
Feuz Page

DECATUR BLVD.
RIGHT-OF-WAY
C. R. Cosbey

YALE AVENUE 
RIGHT-OF-WAY
Edward Swedo

OWENS AVENUE
RIGHT-OF-WAY
Ancell Brown

SALE OF CITY
PROPERTY



RESOLUTION -
Death Valley Stamp