Las Vegas, Nevada
April 4, 1956

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 4th day of April, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 7.30 P.M. by
His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple with the following members present:

Mayor Pro Tem	Reed Whipple

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W.Notti

Works Engineer	Vic Uehling

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	Mayor	C. D.Baker

City Attorney	Howard W.Cannon

City Engineer	George E.Wade

This being the time set for the public hearing on the ordinance to rezone the fol-
lowing described property from R-1 to C-1

That portion of Government Lot 2 in Section 2, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M lying
north of the north line of Tract #1 of Charleston Village and Lots 1 to
9 inclusive, Block 3; Charleston Village Tract #1.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning.

Mr. Morton Galane appearing on behalf of property owners in the area objected on
the grounds that Charleston Boulevard should not be commercial and that constructing
of this proposed shopping center would create a traffic hazard.

Mr. Lawrence Stecher, property owner on South 17th Street protested to this rezon-
ing because it will create a traffic hazard.

Mr. Roland Vaile of 1632 Curtis Drive also objected to the rezoning stating that
he felt the property should be developed as residential units.

Mr. Robert E. Jones, representing the applicant for rezoning appeared and stated
that 60 of the 95 property owners within 300 feet had signed a petition favoring
this rezoning. He pointed out that Charleston Boulevard would eventually be com-
mercialand stated that there would be an increased employment if this project was
permitted.

At the hour of 8.35 P.M. Mayor Baker arrived at the meeting.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple read a letter from the Central Labor Council and Building
and Construction Trades Council endorsing this proposed project.

Mr. Harvey Thompson representing the Stationary Engineers appeared before the Com-
mission and urged approval of this rezoning.

Mr. James Arnold of the Building and Construction Trades Council was present and re-
quested approval of the rezoning.

Mr. Ted Anderson of the Central Labor Council appeared and requested approving of
this rezoning.	

Thereafter Mayor Pro Tem Whipple stated that this matter would be taken under ad-
visement and a decision made later in the meeting.

At this time Mayor Baker took the chair and conducted the meeting.

This being the time set for opening of Bid No. 56.10 for the furnishing of lubri-
cants, bids were opened from the following firms:

TIDEWATER ASSOCIATED OIL

RICHFIELD OIL

MCQUAY SUPPLY

SHELL OIL

UNION OIL

STANDARD OIL

TEXAS COMPANY

Commissioner Bunker moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Director of Public
Works and City Manager for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Com-
missioner Sharp passed his vote.

At the hour of 8.55 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 9*15 P.M. with all members present as of the time of recess and City Attorney
Howard W. Cannon being present.

Commissioner Whipple, member of the committee for recommendation on the proposed
ordinance on the rezoning of a portion of Government Lot 2 in Section 2, T21S, R6lE,
MDB&M and Lots 1 to 9 in Block 3, Charleston Village Tract #1 reported favorably.

PUBLIC HEARING

Rezoning - Z-2-56

Don Atkin

BID NO. 56.10
Lubricants
Opened

REZONING - Z-2-56
Don Atkin
Ordinance No. 702

