Works Engineer Uehling presented for consideration the improvement agree-
ment of Max Howard for installation of sewer, water, street lighting,
curb, gutter, sidewalk and paving on unsubdivided property at the South-
east corner of 8th and Oakey. Mr. Uehling advised the Commission that
Mr. Howard is requesting that the improvements be covered by funds placed
in escrow, in lieu of a performance bond, and stated that agreements with
contractors have been submitted in the total amount of $8,712.50.

The City Attorney advised the Commission that if the request to waive
the performance bond is allowed that a precedent is being set since all
subdividers are required to file a bond. Mr. Cannon further advised that
the performance bond insures the installation of the improvements and the
money in escrow merely takes care of the individual's agreement with the
contractors.

Mr. Howard appeared at this time and stated that he was attempting to cut
down on expenses and requested that the bond requirement be waived.

Commissioner Bunker moved the off-site improvement agreement with Max
Howard on unsubdivided property at the Southeast corner of 8th and Oakey
be approved subject to the posting of a performance bond.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Uehling requested that the Annual Bid Bond of $1,000 posted by Super-
ior Tire, Inc. in connection with their bid for the contract to supply
tires and tubes to the City be released. Mr. Uehling advised the Commis-
sion that a $500.00 performance bond has been filed by this firm to cover
the 1956-57 contract.

Commissioner Fountain moved the $1000 Annual Bid Bond of Superior Tire,

Inc. be released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Works Engineer Uehling presented a quitclaim deed from G. H. and Lucy C.
Fuller, William P. Pinnell, Mabel C. and Ralph T. Clarkson, and Ida L.
Ambrose for the extension of Desert Lane from Ellis Avenue northerly 275
feet. Mr. Uehling advised that this deed completes the Desert Lane right-
of-way from Ellis Avenue to Charleston Boulevard.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 4th day of September, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed, dated the 22nd day of August, 1957, executed by G. H.

Fuller and Lucy C. Fuller; William P. Pinnell; Mabel C. Clarkson and
Ralph T. Clarkson; and Ida L. Ambrose to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

At this time Mr. George Harmon who was granted a variance on July 3, 1957
to build within the required rear yard to within twelve feet at 110 East
Bonanza Road, was present in regard to a stop order on this work that had
been placed by the City because the construction was not proceeding accord-
ing to the original plan.

After considerable discussion it was made clear to Mr. Harmon that he must
proceed according to the plans on file in the Building Department.

City Manager Kennedy presented two proposals for insurance appraisal of
City property. Mr. Kennedy stated that the proposal of the General Ap-
praisal Company in the amount of $4,350.00 is a full form detailed ap-
praisal and provides a bound volume report including the field notes;
the proposal of Tait Appraisal Company is in two parts. No. 1 in the
amount of $3,500.00 includes the detailed figures and No. 2 in the
amount of $2,840.00 is a full report without the detailed figures.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that in Proposal No. 2 of the Tait
Appraisal Company the notes are kept on file in their office and are
available to the City at any time for a period of ten years. The City
Manager further advised that the chairman of the insurance committee
for the City, Charles Lee Horsey, Jr., had been contacted regarding
Proposal No. 2 which met with his approval and that the School Board
who have employed Tait Appraisal Company were contacted and advised

OFF-SITE IMPROVEMENT
AGREEMENT
Max Howard

BID BOND RELEASE
Superior Tire, Inc.

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING
R/W DEED

Desert Lane

VARIANCE - V-7-57
George Harmon

INSURANCE APPRAISAL
PROPOSALS