WHEREAS, $250,000 of this grant expires July 1, 1956, and $300,000
expires July 1; 1957; and

WHEREAS; there are no matching funds at present available;

and

WHEREAS; there is a demonstrated need for improved and expanded facilities
in the aforesaid categories;

NOW; THEREFORE; the people of the State of Nevada represented in Senate
and Assembly do enact as follows:

There is hereby appropriated out of any monies in the state treasure; not
otherwise appropriated; the sum of $400,000 for the remainder of the biennium
ending June 30; 1957; to be expended by the State Dept of Health to those
county hospitals who shall meet certain standards for the proper utilization
of said funds. These standards shall be set by the State Department of Health
in accordance with Section II; Chapter 219 of Nevada Hospital Survey and Cons-
truction Act; contained in the Nevada Statutes of 1949, and in establishing
such standards; the State Department of Health shall make certain that the
hospitals receiving such funds are of sufficient size to utilize such funds
to the fullest extent; and that an organized staff of licensed physicians
and surgeons representing the different medical specialties is available
for the diagnosis and treatment of disease; and that the hospital facilities
shall include established clinical laboratories; pathology laboratories; also
radiology and electro-cardiology departments for the diagnosis of disease.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp;Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes; none.

Mr. Louis Wiener; representing the property owners along South 5th Street who
are attempting to find a solution to the traffic problem on South 5th Street
between San Francisco and Oakey Boulevard; appeared before the Commission at
this time. Mr. Wiener stated that these property owners are having difficulty
in leasing their property since the prospective tenants require a clause in
the lease that it can be terminated if the City eliminates curb parking on
South 5th Street.

Mr. Wiener stated that this group would like permission to contact the State
Highway Department and request that the islands be removed from the street and
that a traffic signal be installed at San Francisco Street. The Commission
had no objection to this request.

City Manager Kennedy presented the proposal of Wells Cargo to pave the parking
lot leased from Bruce Beckly and Virginia Richardson at 6th and Carson. Mr.

Kennedy stated the cost would be $550.00 for the installation of sidewalks and
$2,244.00 for the paving of the lot. He further stated that Mr. Beckley would
pay for the installation of the sidewalk.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Wells Cargo be authorized to install sidewalks
and pave the parking lot at 6th and Carson.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker; Fountain, Sharp;Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;
noeS; none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission; Commissioner
Fountain moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker; Fountain; Sharp;Whipple; and His Honor voting aye;
noeS; none.

APPROVED:



ATTEST:		Mayor

 City C1erk	 CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO:	SHIRLEY BALLINGER; City Clerk; Las Vegas, Nevada	Date:	February 6, 1956

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, is hereby called to be held
in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 6th day of February, 1956, at the hour of 4.30 P.M. to consider the
following matters:

1. Gaming and Liquor licenses of the Boulder Club; 2. Easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company, /s/ C.D. BAKER

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING	Mayor

TO:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E.W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners and A.H.

KENNEDY, City Manager, ROBERT W. NOTTI, Assistant City Manager, and HOWARD W. CANNON, City Attorney of the City of
Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor Baker, a special
meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City
Hall, 9th and Stewart, on the 6th day of February, 1956, at the hour of 4.30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1. Gaming and Liquor licenses of the Boulder Club. 2. Easement to the Southern Nevada Power Company

/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF NOTICE

We, the undersigned Mayor, Commissioners, City Manager, Assistant City Manager and City Attorney of the City
if Las Vegas do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

/s/ C.D. BAKER	HOWARD W. CANNON

HARRIS P. SHARP	REED WHIPPLE

E.W. FOUNTAIN	A.H. KENNEDY

WENDELLBUNKER	R.W. NOTTI

SOUTH 5TH STREET
PROPERTY OWNERS

PARKING LOT IMPROVEMENT