Las Vegas, Nevada
May 23, 1956

A recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada held this 23rd day of May, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 3.10 P.M.
by his Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert Boos

Director Public

Information	Robert W. Notti

City Engineer	George E. Wade

Chief of Police	Ray Sheffer

License	Sgt. Wayne McDorman

C. H. MacDonald

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Mr. Don Ashworth, speaking on behalf of the applicants for the new Silver Palace at 32
Fremont, stated that even though they had originally applied for 187 slot machines they
would like to change the application in this regard to 160 machines since they would not
have room for anymore at the present time.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of the Spinning Wheel Corporation for a
gaming license at the Silver Palace at 32 Fremont for 160 slots, 3 craps, 5 "21", 1
Race Horse Keno and 1 Roulette for the second quarter of 1936 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Sharp. -

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Alfred J. Quodback for license for two
taverns at the Silver Palace, 32 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of James M. Biller, Bagdad Coffee Shop,

2211 South 3th Street for license for a Restaurant Beverage license be approved, as re-
commended by the Police Department.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of the Fremont Hotel, 200 Fremont, by Edward
Levinson for license for 19 additional slot machines for the second quarter of 1956 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Nathan Young for a Beer and Wine license at
the Little Village, 905 North 3th Street be deferred until June 6, 1936.

Motion seconded by Commissioner "hippie and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent; Commissioner Sharp.

Mayor Baker presented the renewal of the contract with the Federal Government for care of
prisoners at the City Jail. His Honor reported that an increase of $2.00 per prisoner per
day had been received in this contract.

Commissioner Bunker moved this contract be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to
sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

City Engineer George E. Wade presented the proposed plans for two new fire stations to be
located at 28th & E. Charleston and Decatur & West Charleston, and recommended approval.

Commissioners Bunker moved these preliminary plans be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission that
all curb parking on Fremont Street from Main to 5th Streets be removed from 9.00 A.M. to
9.00 P. M.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be referred back to the Traffic and Parking Commission
to hold a public hearing, and that property owners and tenants be notified in writing of
the time and place for said hearing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

GAMING APPLICATION
New

Silver Palace

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

Silver Palace

LIQUOR APPLICATION
New

GAMING APPLICATION
Additional

CARE OF FEDERAL
PRISONERS

FIRE STATIONS
Preliminary Plans

FREMONT STREET
Parking Ban

 