such judgment shall not affect, impair or invalidate the remaining provisions of
this ordinance, hut shall be confined in its operation to the specific sections,
sentences, clauses or parts of this ordinance so held unconstitutional add in-
valid, and the inapplicability and invalidity of any section, sentence, clause
or part of this ordinance, in any one or more instances shall not affect or preju-
dice in any way the applicability and validity of this ordinance in any other in-
stances.

SECTION 10. That by reason of the fact that the streets of the City of
Las Vegas are inadequate to meet the present and future needs of the City and its
inhabitants and that it is necessary immediately to raise funds to improve said
streets; therefore, it is hereby declared that an emergency exists, and that this
ordinance is necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health
and safety.

SECTION 11. That the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, shall cause this ordinance to be published once a week
for two successive weeks immediately following its final reading and adoption, in
the Las Vegas Sun, a daily newspaper published in said City.

PASSED, ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 11th day of April, 1956.

C.D. BAKER, Mayor

(SEAL)

ATTEST:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

Those voting in favor of the foregoing ordinance:

Commissioners:

Nay:

Commissioner Whipple then seconded the motion to adopt the foregoing ordinance. The
question being upon the adoption of said ordinance, the roll was called with the fol-
lowing result:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

Thereupon the presiding officer declared said motion carried and the ordinance duly
passed and adopted.

It was then moved by Commissioner Bunker and seconded by Commissioner Whipple that
all rules of this Board which might prevent, unless suspended, the final passage
and adoption of this ordinance at this meeting be, and the same are hereby sus-
pended for the purpose of permitting the final passage and adoption of said Emer-
gency Ordinance at this meeting.

The question being upon the adoption of said motion and the suspension of the rules,
the roll was called with the following result:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,

Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared said motion carried and the rules suspended.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance heretofore introduced and read
in full at this meeting be now placed upon its passage.

Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion, and the question being upon the placing of
said ordinance upon its passage, the roll was called with the following result:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer declared the motion carried and the ordinance placed upon
its final passage.

Commissioner Bunker then moved that said ordinance be passed and adopted as read and
as an emergency ordinance. Commissioner Whipple seconded the motion. The question
being upon the passage and adoption of said ordinance the roll was called with the
following result:	Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting

aye; noes, none.

The presiding officer thereupon declared that all Commissioners having voted in favor
thereof, said motion was carried and said ordinance duly passed and adopted as an
emergency ordinance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that said emergency ordinance be numbered 704.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain, Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT	Commissioner Whipple introduced and moved the adoption of the following emergency

NO. 200-17	ordinance, which was thereupon read in full, and at length, and is as follows:

Emergency Ordinance
No. 705 Adopted