City Manager Kennedy presented an invitation from the Utah Munici-
pal League for members of the Commission to attend their Golden An-
niversary in Salt Lake City September 12th through the 14th. None
of the members of the Board were able to be present, and requested
the Manager to acknowledge the invitation and send their regrets.

The City Manager reported that bids received on August 21, 1957 on
Bid No. 57.35 for the sale of heating and cooling equipment and an
accounting machine, had been checked.

Mr. Kennedy recommended that the bid of General Engineering Service
on items 1 through 8 in the total amount of $502.00 be accepted. City
Manager Kennedy stated that A. A. Swanson's bid on Item 2, which is a
hot water heater was higher than that of General Engineering Service
on that particular item, but Mr. Swanson only bid on the one piece of
equipment.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that only one bid had been received
on the accounting machine, that of National Cash Register Co. for
$396.50, and recommended this bid be rejected because an informal pro-
posal had been received offering $1,000.00 for the machine.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Items 1 through 8 of Bid No. 57.35 be
awarded to General Engineering Service in the total amount of $502.00
and that the bid of National Cash Register Co. on Item 10 of this
bid be rejected.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager requested that authorization be granted to issue a Ser-
vice and Material Warrant to the Las Vegas City Employees Federal Credit
Union in the amount of $13,986.00, said money which is deducted from the
employees' salaries.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Comptroller and Treasurer be authorized to
prepare a warrant to the Las Vegas City Employees Federal Credit Union
in the amount of $13,986.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

The City Manager reported that the gross payroll for this period is
$101,744.85 and the net is in the amount of $76,241.36. Mr. Kennedy stated
that the General Fund Balance after payment of the payroll and service and
material warrants is $929,786.89 as compared with the balance on August
15, 1957 of $890,976.85. Payments for capital outlay amount to $46,026.25,
and disbursements from the Bond Fund amount to $29,126.96.

The Commission considered the request of Reverend Leila Cornett for per-
mission to use the tent on the Northeast corner of 5th and Bonanza for
revival meetings until September 18th.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be approved, subject to compliance
with the Building and Fire Department regulations.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mrs. Charles Catt appeared before the Commission and asked when action
would be taken on the suggestion that the Traffic Division of the Police
Department be given an increase in salary for "hazard pay".

Planning Director Bills reported that there would be a meeting on September
10, 1957 commencing at 9:00 A.M. with the officials on the proposed Free-
way and Urban Renewal Program, and requested that any of the members of
the Commission who are able to, be here.

Commissioner Bunker suggested that a committee be appointed to study the
feasibility of extending the tavern liquor zone on South Main Street.

Mayor Pro Tem Whipple appointed Commissioners Bunker and Fountain on this
committee, and requested that they report their findings back to the Board.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple
voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.



UTAH MUNICIPAL LEAGUE



BID NO. 57.35
Sale of Surplus

Equipment



SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

GENERAL FUND BALANCE
REVIVAL MEETING

HAZARD PAY -

Traffic Division

URBAN RENEWAL - FREEWAY
Hearing



TAVERN ZONES