WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following street be improved
by curbing, guttering and paving the same;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day of June, 1956, that the City
Engineer be and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats,
diagrams, plans of the work, the locality to be improved, together with the estimates of
cost for the installation of curbs, gutters, and paving on the following streets and parts
of streets:

East Charleston Boulevard from the westerly line of Fifteenth Street
to the Westerly line of Fremont Avenue.

Adopted and approved this 6th day of June, 1956.

Mayor

 

ATTEST:

City Clerk

A. D. 100-35

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced and moved the adoption on the following resolution for the
installation of paving improvements in the West Charleston Boulevard Area to be known as
Assessment District No. 100-32:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, that portion of the City of Las Vegas hereinafter described has been and
still is without adequate drainage and street paving; and

WHEREAS, numerous requests have been made that the following street be improved by
draining and paving the same;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
at a regular meeting thereof held on the 6th day of June, 1956, that the City Engineer be
and he is hereby directed to prepare and file with the City Clerk plats, diagrams, plans of
work, the locality to be improved, together with estimates of cost for the installation of
a two-inch (2") thich oil bound road mix pavement on an eight inch (8") Type I gravel base
with shallow V-type ditches for drainage; total width of pavement to be 26', except on one
portion of Alta Drive where construction will conform to existing improvements, upon the
following streets and parts of streets:

(1)	The east one-half (E½) of Campbell Drive north from the north right of way
line of Charleston Blvd., to the center line of Alta Drive, a distance of
2610.76 feet;

(2)	The south one-half (S½) of Alta Drive east from the center line of Campbell
Drive to existing pavement, a distance of 1000 feet;

(3) The north one-half (N½) of Alta Drive west from the west right of way line of
Rancho Road to existing pavement, a distance of 300 feet. This portion of im-
provement will have roll type curb and gutter in addition to asphaltic concrete
pavement on gravel base to conform to the existing improvement on the south
one-half (S½) of the street;

(4) Pinto Lane, east from the center line of Campbell Drive to the existing pave-
ment at Rancho Road, a distance of 3200 feet;

(5)	Palomino Lane, east from the centerline of Cambell Drive to the existing pavement
at Rancho Road, a distance of 3191 feet;

(6)	Shetland Road north from the north right of way line of Charleston Blvd, to the
centerline of Palomino Lane, a distance of 1281.38 feet;

(7)	Shetland Road north from the centerline of Palomino Lane to the existing pavement
at Alta Drive, a distance of 1306.5 feet.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 6th day of June, 1956.

Mayor

ATTEST:

City Clerk

West Charleston
#100-32

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 8.55 P.M. the meeting recessed, and reconvened at the hour of 9.15 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

Discussion was held at this time with members of the Clark County Licensed Beverage Asso-
ciation concerning the new ordinance adopted by the Commission on May 23, 1956, known
as Ordinance No. 714.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 100-32

West Charleston Blvd.
Area-Improvement

LIQUOR ORDINANCE
Ordinance No. 714