Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 50 feet south of Charleston
Boulevard.

6.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, at 1400 South 5th Street.

7.	Along the west curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	50	feet	north	of Utah Avenue.

8.	Along the west curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	30	feet	south	of Oakey Boulevard.

9.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 200 feet north of South Main Street.

10.	Along the west curb line of	South	5th	Street,	50	feet	south	of Boston Avenue.

11.	Along the west curb line of	South	5th	Street,	50	feet	north	of San Francisco

Avenue.

12.	Along the east curb line of South 5th Street, 20 feet south of San Francisco
Avenue.

13.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	20	feet south of Boston Avenue.

14.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	in	front of Midvay Motors.

15.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	20	feet north of Oakey Boulevard.

16.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	in	front of Yucca Wedding Chapel.

17.	Along the east	curb	line of	South	5th	Street,	in	front of Lon Morris lot.

18.	Along	the east curb line of	South	5th	Street,	50	feet	south	of Charleston Blvd.

19.	Along	the east curb line	of	South	5th	Street,	20	feet	south	of Gass Avenue.

20.	Along	the east curb line	of	South	5th	Street,	20	feet	south	of Bonneville Ave.

21.	Along	the east curb line	of	South	5th	Street,	30	feet	south	of Levis Avenue.

22.	Along the north curb line of Bridger Avenue, 86 feet vest of South 5th Street.

23.	Along the east curb line of North 4th Street, 64 feet south of Stewart Street.

Discussion vas held concerning the placement of the bus stops on the far side of the inter-
section, wherever possible so that vehicular traffic will not be impeded by the bus stopping
in front of cars wishing to make a right turn.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the proposed bus stops on South 5th Street and in
the central business district as recommended by the Traffic Engineer, Police Department
and Transit Company be approved, with the request that another survey be conducted as to
the possibility of placing some stops on the far side of the intersection wherever possible.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Ken Hansen, Field Engineer, presented the request of Pioneer Builders, Inc. for extension
of 6 months for the completion of Sunset Manor #2. Mr. Hansen stated that it vas the re-
commendation of the Engineering Department that this extension of time be granted.

Commissioner Sharp moved the request of Pioneer Builders Inc. for extension of 6 months
for the completion of Sunset Manor #2 be granted, subject to receipt of a letter from the
bonding company indicating that the extension vas acceptable and guaranteeing that the
subdividers' bond would cover this extension of time.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration vas given to the request of Charles J. Dorfman, contractor for the Outfall
Sever for final payment on this project in the amount of $90,616.17. It vas recommended
by the Engineering Department that this final payment be made, but that the performance
bond and materialsmen bond be retained until such time as lien claims have been cleared by
the contractor.

Commissioner Whipple moved that final payment of $90,616.17 to Charles J. Dorfman for the
construction of the Outfall Sewer be approved, subject to the retention by the City of the
performance and materialsmen bond; further, that the Comptroller and Treasurer be author-
ized to prepare and issue a warrant in this amount.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Field Engineer Ken Hansen presented the request of Wells Cargo for final payment on the
Street Repair Contract, and recommended that this payment be made.

Commissioner Whipple moved that final payment to Wells Cargo on the Street Repair Contract
in the total amount of $2,796.63 be approved, and the Comptroller and Treasurer authorized
to issue said warrant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

Consideration vas given to the recommendation of the Engineering Department that Moss Tracts
Nos. 4 and 5 be accepted and the bonds released.

Commissioner Fountain moved, that Moss Tracts Nos. 4 and 5 be accepted and the bonds re-
leased.

SUNSET MANOR #2
Extension of Time

OUTFALL SEWER
Final Payment

STREET REPAIR
CONTRACT
Final's Payment

MOSS TRACT NOS.

4 & 5

Acceptance &
Release of Bond