Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the City has received an offer to sell the
Huntridge Fire Station for $45,000.00 cash. Mr. Kennedy stated that this pro-
perty located on East Charleston Boulevard is 141 feet wide by 120 feet deep.

The City Manager also advised that there is the possibility of leasing this
building and land for $600.00 a month on a ten year lease. Mr. Kennedy stated
that the third group interested in this location is the Chamber of Commerce, but
he has not heard anything definite from them.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this property is presently zoned as C-1 and for the
purpose of leasing this property it has to be C-2. Discussion followed, and the
Commission requested the City Manager to make application to the Planning Com-
mission for rezoning of this property to C-2.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, the meeting
adjourned at the hour of 5:15 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

Las Vegas, Nevada
August 7, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 7th day of August, 1957, was called to order at the hour of 7:40 P.M.,
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

Associate Planner	Shawnee Stewart

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Planning Director	Franklin Bills

The Commission considered the application of Leigh Ellsworth for variance to convert
an existing accessory building into two apartments, said building located two (2)
feet from the rear lot line and two (2) feet from the side lot line, at 1212 South
3rd Street (Portion of Lot 10, Lots 11 and 12, Block 14, Boulder Addition), in an
R-4 Zone.

Mayor Baker announced that this application had been recommended for approval by
the Board of Zoning Adjustment, subject to the signing of an agreement and the
paving of the parking area, said agreement which has been filed by Mr. Ellsworth
and checked by the City Attorney.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this variance.

None were filed nor voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved, and the
following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 7th day of August, 1957, having considered the
application of Leigh Ellsworth for variance to convert an existing accessory building
into two apartments, said building located two (2') feet from the rear and side lot
lines at 1212 South 3rd Street, described as a portion of Lot 10 and Lots 11 and 12,
Block 14, Boulder Addition, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that
this application be approved subject to the signed agreement, the paving of the
parking area, and that no windows or other openings be allowed on the side of the
building adjoining the side property line,

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Leigh Ellsworth for
variance to convert an existing accessory building into two apartments at 1212
South 3rd Street be approved, subject to the condition set forth by the Board of
Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Works Engineer Uehling reported that a request for final payment for the work
performed by M. W. S. Equipment Company on the Lot Clean Up program prior to the
discontinuance of this project on July 17, 1957, has been received in the amount
of $819.50. Mr. Uehling recommended that payment be made. He advised the Commission
that statements have been mailed to the property owners for this work, but all

HUNTRIDGE FIRE
STANTON



VARIANCE - V-9-57
Leigh Ellsworth

LOT CLEAN UP
PROGRAM

