BE IT RESOLVED, this 2nd day of October, 1957, by the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas,County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the easement, dated the 16th day of September, 1957, executed by
the City of North Las Vegas, a municipal corporation to the City of Las
Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property des-
cribed therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of sewer; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said easement, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered a quitclaim deed to the City of North Las Vegas
for the south 40 feet and east 40 feet of the SE¼ of the SE¼ of Section 12,
T20S, R61E, MDB&M for street purposes along a 40 acre parcel of land owned
by the City of Las Vegas located in North Las Vegas. The Commission was
advised that this deed contains a reversionary clause and mineral rights
on behalf of the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner Sharp moved the quitclaim deed to the City of North Las Vegas
be approved and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Willie Franklin to move a
house from 1114 North "E" Street to 1114 North "I" Street. The Building
Department recommended this application be approved, subject to the ap-
plicant filing a bond.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Willie Franklin to move
a house from 1114 North "E" Street to 1114 North "I" Street be approved
subject to the posting of a bond, and compliance with the Building and
Fire Codes.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Betsy Gray for a variance to
operate a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston Boulevard, for nine child-
ren under the age of two years.

Planning Director Bills advised the Commission that the Board of Adjustment
had denied the application. Mr. Bills explained that this denial was
based solely on the location and the Board of Adjustment was fully aware
of the capability of Mrs. Gray to operate this type of business and of
her good character, but it was felt that this type of operation should
not be permitted in a suburban estates neighborhood. Mr. Bills further
reported that there were numerous protests from neighbors in this vicinity.

Mrs. Gray appeared before the Commission and explained that the property
was owned by Mrs. Copeland, who has recently become a widow and this is
part of the estate. Mrs. Gray explained that she cares for Mrs. Copeland's
child and the two of them have an agreement whereby Mrs. Gray is to move
into this house and operate a nursery to support her own three children.
Mrs. Gray is 95 feet in width by 295 feet in depth and the children are
so small they will be in the house most of the time.

Mr. Paul Tubiolo of 3215 West Charleston appeared in opposition to this
variance.

At the hour of 8:45 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour
of 9:00 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Commissioner Bunker stated that relative to the matter that was being con-
sidered at the time of recess, he is in sympathy with Mrs. Gray and her
problem, but his better judgment tells him that the resolution the Board
of Adjustment passed is sound and presents points well taken. Commissioner
Bunker further stated that he has a strong feeling that this variance
changes the character of the area and allows a "foot-in-the-door" for
other changes the Board will have to face.

Commissioner Bunker then moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment on the variance application of Betsy Gray be accepted and this var-
iance denied, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners at a regular meeting held
October 2, 1957, having considered the application of Betsy Gray for
Variance to operate a child nursery at 3125 West Charleston Boulevard,
for nine children under the age of two years; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjust-
ment denying this application, based solely on the location;

DEED FOR RIGHT-OF-
WAY

To City of North

Las Vegas





HOUSE MOVING PERMIT
Willie Franklin

VARIANCE - V-ll-57
Betsy Gray

Denied