Commissioner Sharp moved that the bid of Clark County Wholesale on Bid No. 57026 for
the furnishing of a Walk-in Delivery Van in the total amount of $4474.20 be ac-
cepted, inasmuch as Gaudin Motor Company, the low bidder, did not meet all speci-
fications .

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker and Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy recommended that bid No. 57.27 for the furnishing of one(l)
tanker truck be awarded to Clark County Wholesale in the total amount of $10,811.00,
subject to satisfactory operation and passing of National Board of Fire Under-
writers tests for Class "B" Pumps at Las Vegas, Nevada. Mr. Kennedy explained
that this condition was a portion of the specifications, and would have to be met
by any bidder.

Thereafter Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 57.27 for one (l) Tanker truck
be awarded to Clark County Wholesale in the total amount of $10,811.00, and the
Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign the bid award.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor

Baker and Commissioner Whipple.

The City Manager recommended the bid of Community Chevrolet on Bid No. 57*28 for
the furnishing of four (4) coupes in the total amount of $6,294.44 be accepted.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 57.28 for four (4) coupes be awarded to
Community Chevrolet in the total amount of $6,294.44, and the Mayor and Clerk
authorized to sign the bid award.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Com-
missioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple and Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Sharp moved the public official bond submitted by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker be accepted, and ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker

and Commissioner Whipple.

There being no further business to come before this special meeting, the meeting
adjourned at the hour of 3:05 P.M.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



ROBERT F. BOOS, Acting City Clerk	WENDELL BUNKER, Chairman

Las Vegas, Nevada

July 3, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held this
3rd day of July, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7:45 P.M. by His Honor Mayor
Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V.B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent:	Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Mayor Baker asked that the record show that Commissioner Harris P. Sharp is on va-
cation.

The Commission reconsidered the application of Drs. Eklund & Sanner for a variance
to permit the erection of a professional building in an R-4 zone, at Weldon Place
between St. Louis and El Centro Place (Lots 5 through 7; and a portion of Lot 8,

Block 3, El Centro Addn. #2) and to locate said building three (3) feet from the
front propertyline, where ten (10) feet is required by ordinance. Mayor Baker an-
nounded that this matter had previously come before the Board on June 5, 1957 and
been deferred to give the protestants an opportunity to seethe proposed building
plans; and again on June 19, 1957 at which time the matter had been deferred until
there was a full Board present.

Planning Director Bills reiterated the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
on this application. He Stated that the variance had been recommended for denial,
but the Board of Adjustment recommended approval of a Use Permit authorizing con-
struction of the professional building in accordance with ordinance requirements
of ten feet from the front property line. He advised the Commission that this
recommendation was conditioned on the applicant filing with the Planning Depart-
ment a new plot plan showing building setbacks and the signing of an agreement and
posting of a bond for the installation of off-site improvements.



BID NO.	-

1 Tanker Truck

BID NO. 57.28 -
4 Coupes
Award

PUBLIC OFFICIALS
BOND

VARIANCE V-3-57
Drs. Eklund &
Sanner