Las Vegas, Nevada
January 10, 1956

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held this 10th day of January, 1956 was called to order at the hour of 4.35 P.M.
by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Asst. City Manager	Robert W. Notti

Asst.City Attorney	Ralston O. Hawkins

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Absent:	City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

Commissioner Whipple moved that Ordinance No. 688, adopted January 6, 1956, be
clarified to that the package liquor licenses that do not sell miniatures pay
a license fee of $200.00 per quarter, those who sell miniatures pay $225.00
per quarter, plus $50.00 per quarter if they wish to sell beer for consumption
on the premises.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE PROVIDING FOR PAYMENT OF AN INVESTIGATION

FEE BY APPLICANTS FOR GAMING AND LIQUOR LICENSES; AND OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RE-
LATED THERETO, having been reported on favorably by Commissioners Fountain and
Sharp, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Fountain moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 689 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the escrow instructions
on the purchase of the property from W.T.Stewart, et al for the new disposal plant,
and that the warrant be issued in payment for this property.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Com-
missioner Sharp passed his vote stating that at one time he had an interest in
this property.

Planning Director, Franklin Bills presented a draft of a preliminary report on
urban renewal for study by the Commission.

Mayor Baker recommended that the Commission appoint a City-wide Re-development
Committee that would encompass the City at large with the names recommended
by the Planning Commission, and that a subsection of this committee re appointed
to act as a committee for the original portion under the redevelopment of that
area from Bonanza Road, to Owens Avenue and from the Union Pacific right-of-
way to Highland Avenue. The members of the Commission agreed with this recom-
mendation.

Commissioner Sharp moved that this draft on urban renewal be referred to the
Planning Commission with the request that representatives of the City Commis-
sion meet with them at their next meeting and discuss this matter.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Commissioner Fountain left the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved the City Manager be directed to notify property owners
from Main Street to 12th Street, from Stewart to Charleston to install sidewalks
where necessary, giving them ninety days to do so.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be instructed to extend the condemnation
of unsafe building to all property located within the commercial zone, and to
notify property owners of vacant property to clean up these lots.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Fountain.

There being no further business to came before the Commission, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

ORDINANCE NO. 688
Liquor

ORDINANCE NO. 689
Investigation Fees

SEWAGE PLANT PROPERTY

URBAN RENEWAL

SIDEWALK INSTALLATION

CONDEMNATION PROGRAM &
LOT CLEAN UP