WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have now
determined that the installation of said sewer in alleys and easements is in
the public interest rather than installation of the same in the streets,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of Febru-
ary, 1956, that the plats, diagrams, plans of work, the locality to be im-
proved in Special Assessment District No. 200-13 be, and they hereby are,
rejected as filed.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Engineer be and he hereby is di-
rected to prepare and file with the City Clerk, plats, diagrams, plans of
work and the locality to be improved, together with the estimates of cost for
the installation of a sanitary sewer system in the following area hereinafter
described, to-wit:

A certain parcel of land, lying and being situate in the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and being a
portion of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of Section 28, Town-
ship 20 South, Range 6l East, M.D.B.& M., and being more par-
ticularly described as follows, to-wit:

All of the Bonanza Village Tract as shown by map thereof on
file in Book 2 of Plats, Page 69, in the Office of the County
Recorder, Clark County, Nevada, being bound by the center lines
of Harrison Avenue to the North, Highland Avenue, also known as
Sunny Place, to the East, Washington Avenue to the South and
Tonopah Drive to the West. Save and except those parcels or
lots in the aforementioned subdivision now being served by
sewers,

and such plats, diagrams, plans of work shall show the installation to be
made in the alleys and easements of said area wherever possible.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of February, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

At this time Mr. H.G.O. Weiler, General Manager of the Southern Nevada
Telephone Company appeared before the Board to report on the progress be-
ing made to install telephones in new subdivisions in the City.

Mayor Baker stated that the Commission has received numerous complaints from
people able to buy telephone service that they cannot get information as to
when they will get service.

Mr. Weiler stated that since the last meeting with the Commission the fol-
lowing developments have been made. Distribution lines have been run to
Madsen Manor, Westleigh, Eastwood, Charleston Park, Jubilee, Rancho Circle,
Rancho Road and Hyde Park. Madsen Manor is completely spliced and the
majority of phones have been installed. The installation of telephones in
Westleigh is approximately 50% complete. He explained that since October
tehy have installed 2053 new telephones exclusive of the resort hotels and
the disconnects are in excess of 3,000. He advised the Commission that a
new switchboard for City Hall has been received and should be in operation
by the end of the week.

Mayor Baker asked Mr. Weiler what back log of applicants for service were on
file at the present time.

Mr. Weiler stated that there were approximately 3500.

Mrs. Jeanne Houssels suggested that an expert accountant and engineer in
this field be hired to make an independent report on the telephone service.

Mr. Ben Kump, president of the Twin Lakes Home Owners Association, stated
that this subdivision was without service and according to the schedule it
did not appear that that would have it very soon. He suggested that the
Commission institute action to have the franchise of the Telephone Company
condemned.

The Commission took the suggestions under advisement and the hearing was
closed.

The application of Eugene Stanfill to operate an auto salvage business at
222 West Wyoming in an M-2 zone was considered at this time. The Board of
Adjustment recommended that this application be approved.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 1st day of February, 1956, having considered the
application of Eugene Stanfill for a use permit to operate an auto salvage
business at 222 West Wyoming; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application provided that the burning of excess waste materials
is allowed only in an enclosed pit or other facility constructed in a manner
	2-1-56

TELEPHONE SERVICE

USE PERMIT - U-l-56
Eugene Stanfill