Discussion was held and it was the concensus of the Board that this matter should
be referred to the Youth Advisory Council for their recommendation. Mr. Graydon
was advised that Bruce Trent, Superintendent of Recreation could make the neces-
sary arrangements for him to meet with the Youth Advisory Council.

There being no further business to come before the meeting, Commissioner Bunker
moved this meeting adjourn at the hour of 9:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

City Clerk	Mayor

Las Vegas, Nevada
November 6, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada held this 6th day of November, 1957 was called to order
at the hour of 7:40 P.M. by His Honor Mayor Baker with the following
members present:

Mayor	C. D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A. H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F. Boos

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

Works Engineer	V. B. Uehling

Field Engineer	Kenneth Hansen

City Clerk	Shirley Lodwick

Absent: Commissioner	E. W. Fountain

The Commission considered the application of Palm Mortuary doing bus-
iness as Desert Lawn, Inc. for a use permit to erect a mausoleum at
the rear of Palm Mortuary, 1325 North Main Street, in a C-2 zone.

Planning Director Bills advised that the Board of Adjustment had held
a public hearing on this application and there were no objections. He
stated that the original plan was to require an alley dedication and
improvement behind this property, but that was waived and not made
one of the conditions of approval.

City Attorney Cannon advised the Board that there were two points to
consider:

1)	Is the installation of a mausoleum incidental to the
operation of a mortuary? If not, it could not be per-
mitted in a C-2 zone.

2)	The Commission will have to take action to designate
this area as a burial ground, so that such use will be
permitted, or the written consent of the City Manager
given with approval of a majority vote of the Board of
Commissioners as required by Chapter 8 of the Code.

Mayor Baker announced there is a written protest to this use permit
received from Ray Wherritt who owns property adjacent to Palm Mortuary.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to the granting of this
use permit, and the following persons appeared:

Mr. Harold Toll

Mr. John S. Cocagne - written objection presented by Mr. Toll
Mr. Howard W. Cannon

Mr. William Morse, attorney for Palm Mortuary appeared at this time
and requested favorable action on this application.

Discussion followed. The Mayor announced that this was the time set
for a public meeting on exchange of property with the School District,
and the matter was continued until later in the meeting.

This being the time heretofore set for a public meeting on the proposed
exchange of property between the City of Las Vegas and the Clark County
School District, Mayor Baker explained that this property to be granted
by the School is adjacent to the John C. Fremont School. In exchange

USE PERMIT - U-16-57
Palm Mortuary

EXCHANGE OF PROPERTY
Clark Co. School
District