The Board considered the application for variance of Frank and Lucille Rogers to construct
an addition to a single family dwelling to within 18 feet of rear lot line at 2001 Santa
Ynez Drive. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application be approved and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application for variance
of Frank and Lucille Rogers to construct an addition to a single family dwelling to with
18 feet of rear lot line at 2001 Santa Ynez Drive; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Frank and Lucille
Rogers for variance to construct an addition to a single family dwelling to within 18 feet
rear lot line at 2001 Santa Ynez Drive, be and the same hereby is approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:. Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Director of Planning, Franklin Bills presented an easement from the Union
Pacific Railroad for street purposes on Highland Drive from Charleston to Bonanza Road
with the width of 80 feet (80'). Mr. Bills stated that the Attorney's office had advised
that in the present form the only use this property could be put was for street purposes
and did not permit the installation of sewer lines etc. He recommended that since his
office had been attempting since 1954 to secure this R/W that the easement be accepted
and negotiations be commenced for the complete right-of-way.

Commissioner Fountain moved this easement be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition to vacate those portions
of l4th and Clark Avenue situate at the SE corner of l4th and Clark and that portion of
an alley situate south of Clark Avenue between l4th and 15th be denied was considered.

Mr. William Coulthard, appearing on behalf of the property owner Mr. Scrimshaw requested
that this matter be deferred until negotiations could be made so that the Planning
Commission might approve this vacation.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition for annexation of the N½
of the SE¼ of Sec. 21, T20S, R61E, and the North 330 feet of the SW¼ of the SE¼ of
Sec. 21, T20S, R61E, MDB&M be approved was considered.

Commissioner Whipple moved a public hearing on this petition for annexation be held June
6, 1956 at 7:30 P.M. and the following resolution adopted: SEE END OF MINUTES.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission that the petition for vacation of the East
50 feet of the W½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, and the East 15 feet of the West
50 feet of the E½ of the NE¼ of Section 28, T20S, R61E, MDB&M be approved was considered.

Commissioner Fountain moved a public hearing on this petition for vacation be held June
6, 1956 at 7:30 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

The Board considered the application of O.M. and Melva Snodgrass to convert an existing
dwelling to maintain and operate a day and night child care nursery at 23l4 Fairfield.

It was the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment that this application be denied. The
original application had been presented to the Commission on April 4th and held for further
investigation; later the same was withdrawn by the applicant.

Thereafter, Mr. Charles Deaner representing the property owners within the area appeared
and protested the installation of this nursery. There were also twelve property owners
present to object to the approval of this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the application of O.M. and Melva Snodgrass for a use
permit to install a day and night nursery at 2314 Fairfield be denied and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in a regu-
lar meeting on the 2nd day of May, 1956, having considered the application of O.M. and

Melva Snodgrass to convert existing dwelling to maintain and operate a day and night child

care nursery at 2314 Fairfield; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment denying this
application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it	is the decision of the Board that the application of O.M. and Melva

Snodgrass for a use permit	to install a day and	night nursery at 2314 Fairfield be and	the

same hereby is denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

VARIANCE -V-6-56
Frank and Lucille
Rogers

EASEMENT -UPRR
Highland Drive

VACATION
14th & Calrk

ANNEXATION
Sec. 21

VACATION
Sec. 28

USE PERMIT -U-12-56
O. M. & Melva Snodgrass