Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that the request of Longley
Construction Co., contractor for the installation of sewers in Schedules D-1 to
D-12, for payment of $8,021.42 be approved. Mr. Wade explained that this is
the 10% retention on the completed portion of this project, but that the City
still retains a performance bond in the amount of $12,527.60.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works be
accepted and that the request of Longley Construction Company for final payment
of $8,021.42 on the completed portion of Schedule D of the Sewer Improvement
Program be approved and signatures on the warrant authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Sharp.

At this time Director of Public Works George E. Wade discussed with the Commission
the proposed installation of sewer lines in the area south of Bonanza Road,

a portion of which is owned by the Union Pacific Railroad Company. Mr. Wade
advised that when the contract was let for the installation of sewers in Schedule
D of the Sewer Improvement Program, it was designed to hold that portion of the
job in abeyance until some future date.

It was determined that a layout of the proposed development of this area should be
submitted by the Union Pacific Railroad Company, but to date only a tentative plan
and pencilled sketches have been received. Discussion was held and the Commission
requested Mr. Wade to contact the Union Pacific Railroad Company to have them sub-
mit their proposed development of this area.

At the hour of 8:35 P.M. the meeting recessed. The meeting reconvened at the hour
of 8:50 P.M. with all members present as of the opening session.

Mr. Ben Sparks of Galland Electric Company appeared before the Board at this time
to request an extension of time to move his business from 2000 E. Fremont. Mr.

Sparks explained that he had made every effort to remove his business within the
60 days granted on August 17, 1955; but was having difficulty in receiving a permit
to drill a well, power and telephone service. He advised the Board that his build-
ing was under construction at the present time, but was delayed by lack of these
services.

Thereafter, Commissioner Fountain moved that Galland Electric be granted an additional
30 days, or until November 17, 1955; to move from 2000 E. Fremont.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing publication of the
Notice of Public Hearing on Assessment Roll No. 35-1955 for Assessment District No.
200-17, setting the hearing for October 19, 1955 at 7:30 P.M. be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency Or-
dinance No. 665, passed, adopted and approved the 21st day of September, 1955.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665 directs the
County Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-officio City
Assessor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an assessment roll in accor-
dance with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment
Roll in accordance with said Ordinance and on the 5th day of October, 1955; filed
said Assessment Roll with City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all as directed
in Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665; and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las
Vegas as directed by Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assess-
ment to be published as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of
Las Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 5th day of October, 1955;
that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she is hereby
directed to publish notice of the time and place when and where the Board and the
County Assessor and Ex-officio City Assessor will meet to consider objections to
said special assessment roll and to review said assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be
published once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal;
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
SCHEDULE D
Payment to Contrac-
tor

SEWER IMPROVEMENT
U.P.R.R. Property
South of Bonanza Rd.

BUSINESS LOCATION
Galland Electric

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
No. 200-17
Notice of Public
Hearing on Assess-
ment Roll