A. Carollo concerning an agreement for preparation of plans and
specifications for additions to the sewer plant.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The City Manager reported the cost for the grading at the Red Rock
School would be $425.00 for equipment and labor, and the gravel would
run around $350.00. Mr. Kennedy stated that the School would stand
the expense of the gravel, and asked for approval of the other work
to be performed by the City.

Commissioner Sharp moved that authorization be granted to spend
$425.00 for the grading of the playground area of the Red Rock
School.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance at this
time is $1,029,964.71. He stated that the gross payroll is $101,080.78
and of the $197,068.89 in service and material warrants, $25,110.94
is from the bond fund and $681.30 on alley pavement.

Mr. Kennedy requested permission to purchase 16,000 yards of gravel
from Clark County at a cost of 60¢ per yard, or a total of $9,600.00.

The City Manager advised that this will be stock piled at the County
pits on College, Vegas Valley Road and the State pit on West Charleston.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a purchase requisition to Clark County
in the total amount of $9,600.00 for 16,000 yards of gravel be approved,
and the purchase order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The City Manager requested approval of a purchase order to Clark County
for 3294 yards of gravel that was used on Eastern Avenue and Bruce
Street. Mr. Kennedy advised that the cost of this gravel is $1,976.40.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a purchase order to Clark County for
3,294 yards of gravel at $1,976.40 be authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy requested approval of a joint agreement with Clark
County for Type I gravel to be used on Owens Avenue improvement between
25th Street and Nellis Boulevard.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be authorized to enter into
a joint agreement with Clark County on the gravel for Owens Avenue.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Mr. Kennedy advised the Commission that the billing from the Union Pac-
ific Railroad Company for the improvement of Owens Avenue Grade Cross-
ing has been checked by the City Attorney and found to be in accordance
with the agreement. Mr. Kennedy stated that the additional cost was
due to the fact that the City of North Las Vegas did not assist with
this improvement.

Commissioner Bunker moved that payment to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company in the total amount of $10,969.02 for the Owens Avenue Grade
Crossing be approved and payment authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy presented a request for approval of a Work Order
for the improvement of Bonanza R ad from 30th Street to Noble Lane.

Mr. Kennedy stated that this road will be 30 feet wide and will include
the grading, graveling and a seal and chip pavement. He advised that
the cost is estimated at $10,329.00.

The Commission indicated approval of this request and authorized the
issuance of a Work Order.

RED ROCK SCHOOL
Improvement

GENERAL FUND BALANCE
PURCHASE OF GRAVEL

OWENS AVENUE
IMPROVEMENT

OWENS AVENUE GRADE
CROSSING

BONANZA ROAD
IMPROVEMENT