in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the City of
Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Com-
missioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said bonds
will be received until 7.30 P.M. on Wednesday the 11th day of April, 1956,
and said bids will be opened at 7.30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said notice shall be in substantially
the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

Mayor

ATTEST:

#100-36

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker introduced the following resolution authorizing the
publication of the Notice of Sale of bonds on Assessment District No.

200-17; and moved its adoption:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have
taken steps to create certain public improvements; and

WHEREAS, the time has now arrived to authorize and direct the City
Clerk to advertise for the sale of bonds all in accordance with the pro-
ceedings heretofore taken to construct said improvements by special
assessment;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 7th day of March,

1956, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she
is hereby directed to publish notice that the Board of Commissioners will re-
ceive bids for bonds for Special Assessment District No. 200-17 in the
aggregate amount(principal) of $20,207.91.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be and she hereby is directed to publish notice of the re-
ceipt of bids for said bonds by publication five consecutive weeks, one
week apart in the Las Vegas Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of
Commissioners be directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said
bonds will be received until 7.30 P.M. on Wednesday, the 11th day of April,

1956, and said bids will be opened at 7.30 P.M. or thereabouts on said day.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said notice shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the condemnation of lots on the Westside from
Harrison to Owens be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp requested that the City Manager contact Mr. Joseph Lopez
of Albuquerque, New Mexico to determine the cost of obtaining his services
to investigate the telephone company.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Harry H. Whitely, architect for the addition
to the City Jail be instructed to have the plans and specifications ready
to receive bids by May 1, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the budget for the period of July 1, 1956 to June
30, 1957 be approved.

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-17
Notice of Sale of
Bonds

CONDEMNATION OF LOTS



TELEPHONE COMPANY
SURVEY

CITY JAIL ADDITION
BUDGET