Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Traffic & Parking Com-
mission he approved and the ordinance prepared.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the final map of Edgeview Manor be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple, and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Director of Public Works George E.Wade advised the Commission that Pioneer
Builders, subdividers of Sunset Manor Tract #1 had requested an extension
of time on this subdivision of one year. Mr. Wade recommended that they
be allowed no longer than a six months extension.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Pioneer Builders be granted an extension
of four months on Sunset Manor Tract No. 1.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Director of Public Works George E.Wade recommended that the final map of
Las Verdes Heights be approved subject to the developer providing ingress
and egress streets to this subdivision.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Director of Public Works
be accepted and Las Verdes Heights final map be approved subject to the
provision of ingress and egress streets.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

George Wade, Director of Public Works reported that the Infilco equipment
was not working properly and he has contacted the Infilco Company and they
agreed to replace the equipment.

Commissioner Sharp moved the report of the Director of Public Works be
ordered filed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Cijty Engineer George E.Wade recommended that the contract of George E. Miller
Company for the construction of the sewage pumping plant be released and the
ten percent retention of $3,350.23 be paid to this Company.

Commissioner Sharp moved the contract on the sewage pumping plant be released
and payment of $3,350.23 to George E. Miller Company authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Whipple and His Honor and Commissioner Sharp voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Engineer be authorized to advertise for
bids for the street patching contracts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

Consideration was given to the easement from the Lincoln County Power Dis-
trict No. 1 for the Rehabilitation Farm.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, Duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple and
carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On motion of Commissioner REED WHIPPLE, duly seconded by Commissioner
HARRIS P. SHARP, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 21st day of March, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement,
dated the 6th day of March, 1956, executed by Lincoln County Power District
No. 1 to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that
the read property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the pur-
poses and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to
said easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Re-
corder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed
in the records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

EDGEVIEW MANOR
Final Map

SUNSET MANOR TRACT #1
Extension of Time

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS
Final Map

SEWER PLANT ALTERATIONS
REPORT

SEWAGE PUMPING PLANT
Final Payment

PATCHING CONTRACT
Authorization for
Bid 

RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED