Mr. Bob Grippentog of the Bonanza Market stated that he thought the limitation of
package licenses made a hardship on the small business man.

Mr. Maxwell Kelch asked clarification on Section 2 concerning the issuance of package
liquor licenses to shopping centers or grocery stores of 20,000 square feet, as to who
should be entitled to the liquor license and if the shopping center must be under the
same ownership. The Board advised Mr. Kelch that the area would include all stores in
a shopping center and a license could be issued to either a tenant or the owner of the
premises.

Thereafter, Commissioner Bunker moved this ordinance be taken under advisement until a
full Board is present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:

Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye;
noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. Jack Conlon requested notification when this matter would be considered again.

His Honor advised Mr. Conlon that the Clerk would notify him.

This being the time set for public hearing on the proposed ordinance to eliminate curb
parking on South 5th Street from Oakey Boulevard to San Francisco Avenue, His Honor
Mayor Pro Tem Whipple asked if there was anyone present who wished to comment on
this matter.

Mr. Daniel Simmons of 2305 South 5th Street appeared before the Commission and filed
a petition protesting the elimination of parking in this area, signed by 29 persons.

Mr. Simmons stated that he had secured signatures of 90% to 98% of the businesses in
this area and requested that the ordinance hot be adopted. He advised the Commission
that it would be very detrimental to his business and to the other signers of the
petition if the parking is eliminated.

Mr. Murray Peterson, owner of the Round Up Drive In and Liquor Store was present at
this time and stated that he was in favor of the elimination of parking on South 5th
Street.

Mr. Franklin Bills speaking for the Traffic and Parking Commission explained that it
was not the intent of that Commission to work a hardship on the businessmen, but it
was their opinion that it was a matter of public safety and convenience.

Mr. Stuart Dawson of 2305 South 5th Street also appeared and protested this proposed
ordinance.

Commissioners Sharp and Whipple reported favorably on this proposed ordinance since
it had been recommended by the Traffic and Parking Commission, the State Highway De-
partment and the City Planning Department.

Thereafter, an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND CHAPTER 36, SECTION 58

CODE OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, 1959, BY ADDING A NEW SUBSECTION TO PREVENT VEHICLE PARK-
ING ON SOUTH FIFTH STREET BETWEEN OAKEY BOULEVARD AND SAN FRANCISCO STREET; PROVIDING
PENALTIES FOR THE VIOLATION; REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES OR PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CON-
FLICT THEREWITH; AND PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO, was read in
full to the Board at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the above entitled Ordinance 671 be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Earl Turmon to
reclassify Lot 11, Block 21, HFM&M Addition, on Jackson Avenue between "F" and "G"
Streets, from R-3 to C-2, His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were
filed or voiced.

The recommendation of the Planning Commission was that this application for rezoning be
denied on the basis that it would be "spot zoning" and that the property is isolated
from any existing commercial zoning by residential lots.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the recommendation of the Planning Commission be accep-
ted and this application for rezoning of Lot 11, Block 21, HFM&M Addition from R-3
to C-2 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Bunker, Sharp and His Honor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Mayor Baker.

This being the time set for the public hearing on the application of Carl M. Belding,
et al, to reclassify Lots 1 and 2, Block 8, amended map of Mayfair Tract No. 2 from
R-1 and R-3 to R-4 and Lot 32, Block 1, Mayfair Tract No. 1 from R-3 to R-4, His Honor
asked if there were any protestants present. The Clerk advised the Commission that
there was a petition signed by l6 property owners, protesting this rezoning.

Mrs. Frieda Fifield of 1703 Carson appeared and requested approval of this application
for rezoning. Mrs. Fifield stated that she also spoke in behalf of Mr. Carl Belding
who was unable to be present at this time. She stated that her property was adjacent to
commercial property and requested favorable consideration of the Board.

Mr. Harold Rushton, 113 South 17th Street also appeared in favor of this proposed
rezoning.

PUBLIC HEARING
Proposed Ordinance
5th Street Curb Parking
Ordinance No. 671
Adopted

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-21-55
 Earl Turmon
Denied

PUBLIC HEARING
REZONING - Z-27-55
 Carl Belding
Denied