The Commission considered new applications for cigarette licenses,
recommended for approval by the Police Department.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for new lic-
enses for the retail sale of cigarettes and tobacco products be
approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized to
issue the licenses:

CHARLIE WEAVER'S CHEVRON SERVICE 1100 South Main	Charles M. Weaver

COMMERCE DRUG	302 E. Charleston	Edward L. Royce	&

Fred C. Kerach

FISHER DRUG	501 North Main	Edward L. Royce	&

Fred C. Kerach

O'BRIEN'S LIQUOR STORE	1311 E. Charleston      R.F. O'Brien, R.J.

Cardinal & J.E.
Sullivan

THE PUB	1216 South Main	Lester Goldring

STRIP DRUGS	2425 South 5th	Ray O. McGowan

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Robert Van Santen for an
additional gaming license for 14 slot machines at the Nevada Club,
105-09-11-13 Fremont Street be approved, and the Supervisor of License
and Revenue authorized to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application by Don Ashworth for an
additional gaming license for The Westerner, 23 Fremont for one "21"
game be approved, and the Supervisor of License and Revenue authorized
to issue the license.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 12216 through 12755
in the net amount of $75,200.26 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye;

noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos.

13198 through 13344 in the total amount of $221,393.74 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Bunker suggested that the appointments to the Youth Advisory
Council appearing in the Minutes of August 7, 1957 should be deleted
since the actual appointments were made on August 14, 1957.

Commissioner Bunker moved the minutes of August 7, 1957 be approved with
the aforementioned correction and the minutes of August 14, 1957 approved
by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain, member of the committee for recommendation on the
proposed ordinance on Collection Agencies requested additional time.

Mr. Fountain advised the Commission that presently licensed collection
agencies still have not contacted the committee concerning this Ordin-
ance, and stated that this was their reason for requesting additional
time.

The Commission considered claims for damages filed against the City of
Las Vegas. City Attorney Cannon advised the Board that these claims
should be denied.

Commissioner Fountain moved the claim of Emma Martin for damages resulting
from a fall on the sidewalk in front of 305 South 3rd Street in the amount
of $10,000.00 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Whipple.

CIGARETTE APPLICATIONS
New

GAMING LICENSE
Additional
Nevada Club

The Westerner

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS



MINUTES

PROPOSED ORDINANCE
Collection Agencies

CLAIMS FOR DAMAGE
Denied

Emma Martin