BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be
filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the deed from Jesse P. and Anna B. Thompson for
40 feet of right-of-way on Noble Lane.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
that the deed, dated the 28th day of October, 1957, executed by Jesse
Paul Thompson and Anna Biehl Thompson to the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described therein
be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

Consideration was given to the deed from D. C. Ingram for 40 feet of
right-of-way for Bonanza Road.

On motion of Commissioner Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner Whipple
and carried unanimously, the following resolution is adopted and order
made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6th day of November, 1957, by the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, that the deed, dated the 30th day of October, 1957, executed
by Douglas C. Ingram to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State
of Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is
hereby accepted, for the purposes of street; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached
to said deed, and that the same be recorded in the Office of the County
Recorder of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution
be filed in the records of this Board.

The Commission considered the application of E. D. Katz to move a gar-
age from 631 South 6th Street to 1109 Vernon. The Building Department
recommended this application be approved.

Commissioner Bunker moved that E. D. Katz be granted permission to move
a garage from 631 South 6th Street to 1109 Vernon.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes,
none. Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

The request of U. S. Highway 66 Association of Nevada for adoption of
a resolution requesting that where the new Interstate Highway System
route enters or skirts any city, that from the interchange the City
alternate or service route be so numbered to coordinate with the Inter-
state route number, was considered at this time.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Attorney be instructed to prepare a
resolution for presentation to the Commission at the next regular meet-
ing.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.
Absent:	Commissioner Fountain.

City Manager Kennedy presented the recommendation from the Youth Advisory
Council that sufficient area in the Crestwood area be made available for
recreational development and that plans and layouts of the area be drawn,
and consideration given to obtaining funds for development as soon as
possible.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the Youth Advisory Council felt that the pro-
perty owned by the City between St. Louis and San Francisco was suitable
for this purpose.

Discussion was held and the Commission indicated that money should be
set aside when the new budget is prepare for this project.

The City Manager presented the second recommendation from the Youth Ad-
visory Council that applications for raising of funds for youth activi-
ties be presented to them for evaluation. Mr. Kennedy advised the Board
that it was felt that the best way to work this out was for a member of
the Youth Advisory Council to attend the meetings of the Solicitations

R/W - Noble Lane
R/W - Bonanza Road

MOVING PERMIT

RESOLUTION -
Highway Route
Numbers

CRESTWOOD AREA
RECREATION

CHARITABLE

SOLICITATION

PERMITS