The Commission considered the application of Phil Walker for rezoning of Lot 2 in Block
1 of Jubilee Tract from R-1 to R-3. The recommendation of the Planning Commission was
that this application be denied.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this matter. No one
appeared.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and this application for rezoning of Lot 2, Block 1, Jubilee Tract from R-1
to R-3 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain, and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Lloyd St. John representing the Twin Lakes
Corp. for rezoning of the East 780 feet of the South 660 feet of the N½ of the SW¼ of
Section 29, T20S, R61E, from R-1 to R-3-T. The recommendation of the Planning Commission
was that this application be denied.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. David Goldwater, representing Mr. St. John appeared and requested approval of this
application. Mr. Goldwater explained that this rezoning had been applied for before and
that there was a definite need for the type of trailer living that Mr. St. John intended
to install. He further explained that this would be the luxury type of trailer court and
would be an added advantage to the property and the surrounding area.

The Commission questioned Planning Director Bills as to whether or not the surrounding
property owners had been notified. Mr. Bills explained that the property owned by the
Twin Lakes Corporation was so expensive that there was little need to notify other owners
but he did feel that those who had objected at the previous meeting should be aware of
this application.

Thereafter Commissioner Whipple moved this application be referred back to Planning
Commission with t he recommendation that a new public hearing,be held and all interested
property owners in the area, especially those who previously objected, be notified.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At the hour of 9.15 P.M. the meeting recessed and reconvened at the hour of 9.35 P.M.
with all members present as of the opening session.

Consideration was given to the recommendation of the Planning Commission to rezone that
property on the south side of Vegas Drive between H and J Street which measures 101.61
feet and is shown on Ensley Place Tract as located between Block A and the South line
of Vegas Drive from C-2 to C-1; and Lots 19 to 36, Block A.. Ensley Place Tract #1 from
C-2 to C-1; and Lots 1 to 18 Block A, Ensley Place Tract #1 from R-3-T to R-3.

His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and the above described property be rezoned from C-2 to C-1 and R-3-T to R-3
as proposed.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker declared he had
a slight interest in this property.

The Commission considered the application of Louis Gold for rezoning of Lots 17 through
32, Block 5, Hawkin's Addition from R-4. to C-1. This application was denied by the
Planning Commission.

His Honor asked if there was anyone who wished to speak on this matter. No one appeared.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the Planning Commission be
accepted and the application for the rezoning of Lots 17 through 32, Block 5, Howkin's
Addition from R-4 to C-1 be denied.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of William Singleton for rezoning of Lot 11
through 17, Crestwood Homes Tract from R-4 to C-1. The Planning Commission recommended
this application for rezoning be denied.

His Honor asked if there was anyone present to speak on this matter. Mr. William Singleton,
representing himself and the other owners of the property was present. Mr. Singleton
explained that a Use Permit had been previously granted to the applicants to use two of
each of the triplexes for professional use. He further explained that the reason for
the application for rezoning was that they wished to expand and further that they would
like to have this use more permanent in nature, which would be afforded by the rezoning.

At this time the Commission questioned as to why the provisions of this particular use
permit and others on East Charleston, namely the installation of off-site improvements
as agreed upon by the individual applicants, had not been put into effect. It was ex-
plained to the Commission that the installation of improvements had been deferred until
a cash assessment district could be instigated and the whole project put in at once.

City Engineer George E. Wade advised the Commission that this matter was on the agenda
for this meeting and would be discussed fully at that time.

REZONING - Z-16-56
Phil Walker

REZONING - Z-17-56
Lloyd St. John

REZONING - Z-18-56
Ensley Place Tract

REZONING - Z-19-56

Louis Gold





REZONING - Z-21-56
William Singleton