Las Vegas; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Com-
missioners he directed to publish in said notice that the bids for said construc-
tion will be received until 8:00 P.M. on Wednesday, the l6th day of November, 1955;
at which time said bids will be opened.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notice shall be in substantially the form
attached to this resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 21st day of October, 1955.

ATTEST:	____________________________

C. D. BAKER, Mayor

City Clerk

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
SPECIAL ASSESSMENT DISTRICT NO. 200-17

NOTICE TO BIDDERS

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN:	That the Board of Commissioners, Las Vegas,

Nevada, will receive bids for furnishing all labor, materials, transportation and
services for improvements of proposed Assessment District No. 200-17, more fully
described in the plans and specifications of said District, as created by Emer-
gency Ordinance No. 666 of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, adopted and approved on
the 21st day of September, 1955; each bid to be in accordance with the plans,
specifications, and other contract documents now on file with the City Clerk at the
City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada.

Notice is also hereby given that all bidders may submit with their bids,
a sworn statement of their financial responsibility, technical ability and ex-
perience. Such sworn statement may be required to be furnished before award
is made to any particular bidder.

Each bid shall be made out on a form to be obtained at the office of
the City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be accompanied by a certified or cashier's
check or bid bond for five per cent (5%) of the amount of the bid, made payable
to the order of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada; shall be sealed and filed with the
Board of Commissioners at the City Hall, Las Vegas, Nevada, on or before the 19th
day of October, 1955; at 8:00 P.M., and will be opened and publicly read aloud
at or about 8:00 P.M. of that day in the Council Chambers.

The above mentioned check or bond shall be given as a guarantee that the
bidder will enter into the contract if awarded to him and will be declared for-
feited if the successful bidder refuses to enter into the contract after being re-
quested to do so by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada.

The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, reserves
the right to reject any or all bids or waive any informality in a bod.

No bidder may withdraw his bid for a period of ninety (90) days after the
date set for the opening thereof.

DATED:	October 21, 1955.

SHIRLEY BALLINGER
City Clerk

Publish:	October 31; November 7 and

November 14.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

City Manager A. H. Kennedy advised the Commission that he had had inquiry from the
Nevada Tax Commission as to whether or not the City intended to license any addi-
tional Race Horse Books.

Commissioner Sharp moved this matter be deferred.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Sharp, Bunker, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting
aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Mr. John Carolla, engineer for the proposed new sewer plant and improvement program
was present at this time. Mr. Carolla advised the Commission that the Outfall line
could be engineered and constructed within seven months and it will require seven
months to commence construction on the sewer plant.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Headman, Ferguson and Carolla be authorized to pro-
ceed with plans and specifications for the approach outfall sewer line and sewer
treatment plant at Site #2.

RACE HORSE BOOKS
SEWER PROJECT