Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the tentative map of Las Verdes Heights No. 1 be
approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

There being no further business to come before this meeting, Commissioner
Sharp moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the following resolution directing the
Nocie of Public Hearing on Assessment District 100-36 be adopted and order
made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas have taken
steps to create certain public improvements all as provided for in Emergency
Ordinance No. 665, passed, adopted and approved the 21st day of November, 1955.

WHEREAS, Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665 directs the County
Assessor of the County of Clark, State of Nevada, the Ex-officio City Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, to make an assessment roll in accordance
with the Charter of the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the said Ex-officio City Assessor has prepared such Assessment
Roll in accordance with said Ordinance and on the 5th day of October, 1955,
filed said Assessment Roll with the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, all
as directed in Section 6 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665; and

WHEREAS, said roll was numbered by the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas
as directed by Section 8 of said Emergency Ordinance No. 665; and

WHEREAS, it has been found necessary to file an amended assessment roll
for said district all as provided for in Section 1 of Emergency Ordinance No.
693; passed, adopted and approved the 1st day of February, 1956; and

WHEREAS, SAID AMENded assessment roll has been prepared and reported to
said Board and filed in the office of the City Clerk and numbered; and

WHEREAS, the time has arrived to direct the Notice of Special Assessment
to be published as required by Section 67 of the Charter of the City of Las
Vegas,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of February,
1956, that the City Clerk and Clerk of the Board of Commissioners be and she
is hereby directed to publish notice of the time and place when and where the
Board and the County Assessor and Ex-Officio City Assessor will meet to con-
sider objections to said amended special assessment roll and to review said
assessments.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be
published once a week for two successive weeks in the Las Vegas Review Journal,
a daily newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that said Notice of Special Assessment shall be in
substantially the form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of February, 1956.

ATTEST:	_________________________

Mayor

City Clerk

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye; noes,
none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	C.D. BAKER, Mayor

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk

LAS VERDES HEIGHTS #1
Tentative Map



ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-36

Notice of Public Hearing