Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Whipple moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Bunker.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:

SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City^Clerk	C. D. BAKER, Mayor

2-28-57

Las Vegas, Nevada
March 6, 1957

A regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada held
this 6th day of March, 1957 was called to order at the hour of 7.30 P.M. by His Honor
Mayor Baker with the following members present:

Mayor	C.D. Baker

Commissioner	Wendell Bunker

Commissioner	E.W. Fountain

Commissioner	Harris P. Sharp

Commissioner	Reed Whipple

City Attorney	Howard W. Cannon

City Manager	A.H. Kennedy

Adm. Assistant	Robert F.Boos

City Engineer	George E.Wade

Planning Director	Franklin J. Bills

City Clerk	Shirley Ballinger

Commissioner Bunker moved the hearing for Richard Toleno to appear and show cause why
his contractor's license should not be revoked be continued until March 20, 1957.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Virginia Ball for a use permit to operate
a wedding chapel in addition to the existing use of the premises for thking wedding
photographs and selling corsages at 222 South 2nd Street. Planning Director Franklin
Bills advised the Commission this application had been approved by the Board of Ad-
justment subject to the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-site im-
provements and the posting of a bond, which agreement and bond had been filed.

Mr. Harry Claiborne, representing Mrs. Ball appeared before the Commission and re-
quested approval of this application. He informed the Commission that they had con-
tacted all of the property owners in this block and they had indicated in writing that
they had no objection to the operation of a wedding chapel at this location.

Commissioner Sharp moved this application for use permit be approved and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at a regu-
lar meeting held on the 6th day of March, 1957; having considered the application of
Virginia Ball for use permit to operate a wedding chapel in addition to the existing
use of the premises for taking wedding photographs and selling corsages at 222 South
2nd Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the signing of an agreement for the installation of off-
site improvements and the posting of a bond, and the Board having been advised these
conditions had been complied with;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of Virginia
Ball for use permit to operate a wedding chapel in addition to the existing use
of the premises for taking wedding photographs and selling corsages at 222 South
2nd Street be approved subject to the conditions set forth by the Board of Adjust-
ment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Bunker with Mayor
Baker not voting, and carried unanimously, the quitclaim deed of Robert A. and Edna
R. Lundgren for a portion of Lexington Avenue is accepted and the City Clerk in-
structed to draw up the standard resolution accepting the deed which is hereby adopted,
and the City Clerk authorized to have the deed recorded.

RESOLUTION OF ACCEPTANCE OF QUITCLAIM DEED

On motion of Commissioner E.W. Fountain, duly seconded by Commissioner Wendell
Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 6 day of March, 1957; by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, datdd the 19 day
of February, 1957; executed by Robert A. Lundgren and Edna R. Lundgren, husband and
wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real
property described therein be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes of streets;

and

3-6-57

SHOW CAUSE HEARING

Richard Toleno

USE PERMIT - U-2-57

Virginia Ball

RESOLUTIONS
ACCEPTING DEEDS

Lexington Avenue