Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing on the appeal of the denial
of the application of Walt Investment Company for a use permit be held on July 10,

1957 at the hour of 8:00 P.M.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

Mayor Baker asked that the record show that he denies the allegations in the affidavit
of Walt Investment Company in substance.

Commissioner Bunker moved that consideration on the application of Drs. Eklund and San-
ner for a variance to erect a professional building at Weldon Place between St. Louis
and El Centro Place be held in abeyance until there is a full Board present.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissions

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

The Commission considered the request of the State of Nevada that the City indicate
they have no objection to the State applying to the Bureau of Land Management for
use of thirty (30) acres of land on San Francisco and Atlantic for State facilities.

Planning Director Franklin Bills presented the letter of the State Planning Board
requesting a letter from the City of Las Vegas stating that the City had no objection
to their applying to the Bureau of Land Management for use of 30 acres of land on San
Francisco and Atlantic Avenue for State facilities. Mr. Bills advised the Commission
that the matter had been given approval by the Planning Commission and recommended
that the City Commission also approve the request.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the request be approved and the City Manager authorized
to direct a letter to the State Planning Board to the effect that the City of Las
Vegas has no objection to the acquisition of 30 acres of land on San Francisco and
Atlantic Avenue in Section 1 T21S R6lE MDB&M by the State of Nevada provided that any
use to which this land is put is consistent with local development plans and compatible
with present and proposed adjacent land uses.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.15; for the furnishing
of Electric Lamps to the City for the period commencing July 1, 1957 and ending June
30, 1958, the following bid was received:

OSBORNE ELECTRIC COMPANY

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bid be referred to the City Manager and Engineer-
ing Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Comis-

sioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.16 for the furnishing
of fertilizer to the City of Las Vegas for the period of commencing July 1, 1957 and
ending June 30, 1958, bids were received from the following firms:

GARDEN CENTER	$9,176.72

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	9,234.00

DESERT NURSERY	9,280.84

Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and En-
gineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.17 for the furnishing
of grass seed to the City of Las Vegas for the period commencing July 1, 1957 and ending
June 30, 1968, bids were received from the following firms:

CLARK COUNTY WHOLESALE	$1,370.00

DESERT NURSERY	1,310.00

GARDEN CENTER	1,324.50

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and En-
gineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

This being the time heretofore set for the opening of Bid No. 57.18 for the furnishing
of gravel to the City of Las Vegas for the period commencing July 1, 1957 and ending
June 30, 1958, bids were received from the following firms:

WELLS-STEWART CONSTRUCTION CO.	$109,250.00

ALLIED BUILDING MATERIALS	183,000.00

LAS VEGAS BUILDING MATERIALS	154,500.00

IDEAL ASPHALT PAVING CO.	  119,250.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the City Manager and En-
gineering Department for tabulation and recommendation.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Whipple.

VARIANCE - V-3-57
Drs. Eklund & Sanner
Continued

STATE OF NEVADA
Application for
Federal Land

BID NO. 57.15
Electric Lamps
Opened



BID NO. 57.16
Fertilizer
Opened

BID NO. 57.17
Grass Seed
Opened

BID NO. 57.18
Gravel
Opened