City Engineer George E. Wade recommended that the bid of Charles Dorfman
for the construction of the Sever Outfall be accepted. Mr. Wade recom-
mended that this bid in the amount of $860,933.00 be accepted an the
condition that the performance and labor bond is filed as required by
the specifications, and approved by the City Attorney.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the City Engineer be
accepted and this bid awarded to Charles Dorfman in the total amount
of $860,933.00 subject to the filing of the required performance and
labor bond approved by the City Attorney.

Motion Seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

City Manager A.H. Kennedy recommended that the bid of J.A. Tiberti
Construction Company for the construction of the Fire Alarm Building
be accepted.

Commissioner Bunker moved the recommendation of the City Manager be
accepted and the bid for the construction of the Fire Alarm Building
be awarded to J.A. Tiberti Construction Company in the total amount of
$52,590.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Supervisor of Building and Safety, Art Trelease presented the follow-
ing applications for house moving permits:

1)	Request of Jack Wallace to move a house from the 2500
block of Sunrise Avenue to 1717 South 5th Street.

2)	Request of Amy Randel to move a house from 218 South 5th
Street to 719 North E Street.

Commissioner Bunker moved these applications for house moving permits
be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Commission Com-
missioner Bunker moved this meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

APPROVED:

ATTEST:	Mayor

	City Clerk

SEWER OUTFALL
Bid Awarded

FIRE ALARM BUILDING
Bid Awarded



HOUSE MOVING PERMITS