BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada at
a regular meeting held on the 3rd day of October, 1956, having considered the application of
the City of Las Vegas for Use Permit to construct a fire station north of West Charleston
Boulevard and east of Hyde Park, legally described as a portion of the NW¼ of the SE¼ of
the SE¼ of Section 31-20-61 in an R-1 zone; and

  The Board of Commissioners having considered the recommendation of the Board of
Adjustment approving this application;

It is the decision of this Board that the application of the City of Las Vegas for
Use Permit to construct a fire station north of West Charleston Boulevard and east of Hyde
Park be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration was given to the application of Phil Shanedling Investment Co. for Variance
to construct a service station for Tidewater Oil Company at the northeast corner of
Bonanza Road and Tonopah Highway, denied by the Board of Adjustment.

Director of Planning Bills explained that the Planning Commission felt that this type of
business at this location was not good since it would develop more traffic at this inter-
section.

Mr. David Goldwater representing the applicant was present disagreed on this point and
stated that one acre was proposed for this service station which is considerably larger
than generally allocated for this type of business.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be referred to the Traffic and
Parking Commission for recommendation

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Sam P. Cava for variance to construct a pro-
fessional office building at the northwest corner of South 8th and East Charleston,
described as Lots 23 to 27 inclusive of Block 3b, South Addition and the portion of Block
B, Wardie Addition adjoining Lots 26 and 27 of Block 34, South Addition, in an R-4 zone.

The Board of Adjustment approved this application for variance subject to the applicant
signing an agreement and filing a bond for the installation of off-site improvements,
which have been received.

Commissioner Bunker moved this application for variance be approved subject to the off-
site improvements, and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
at a regular meeting held on the 3rd day of October, 1956, having considered the appli-
cation of Sam Cava for variance to construct a professional office building at the north-
west comer of South 8th and East Charleston, described as Lots 23 to 27 inclusive, of
Block 34, South Addition and the portion of Block B, Wardie Addition adjoining Lots 26
and 27 of Block 34, South Addition, in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
that this application be approved subject to the applicant signing an agreement and
filing a bond for the installation of off-site improvements which have been received;

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Sam P. Cava for
variance to construct a professional office building on the northwest corner of South
8th and East Charleston Boulevard be approved subject to conditions as set forth by
the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Commissioner Sharp passed
his vote.

The application of Eileen Paskuly for variance to construct an addition to an existing
dwelling, two feet from the rear lot line at 818 south 2nd Street between Hoover and Gass
(Lots 21 through 23, Block 7, South Addition) in an R-4 zone, as approved by the Board
of Adjustment.

Planning Director Bills reported that the bond and agreement for the installation of
off-site improvements are on file.

Commissioner Whipple moved this application for variance be approved and the following
resolution adopted:	

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
at a regular meeting held on the 3rd day of October, 1956, having considered the application
of Eileen Paskuly for variance to construct an addition to an existing dwelling, two feet
from the rear lot line at 818 South 2nd Street between Hoover and Gass (LOts 21 through
23, Block 7, South Addition in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving this
application for variance subject to the applicant signing an agreement and filing a
bond for the installation of off-site improvements, which has been received.

It is the decision of this Board that the application of Eileen Paskuly for variance to
construct an addition to an existing dwelling, two feet from the rear lot line at 8l8
South 2nd Street between Hoover and Gass be approved subject to the conditions as set
forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the Following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Engineer George E. Wade reported that Dawson Park No. 2 subdivision has been completed
and recommended that it be accepted and the bond released.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Dawson Park No. 2 be accepted and the performance bond
released.

VARIANCE -V-l4-56
Phil Shanedling

VARIANCE -V-15-56
Sam Cava

VARIANCE -V-16-56
Eileen Paskuly

DAWSON PARK NO. 2
Final Acceptance and
Release of Bond