This being the time set for the opening of bids for the paving of
Charleston Boulevard from Hyde Park to Westleigh Tract No. 5 by install-
ing installing another land of traffic and the improvement of Decatur
Boulevard from Charleston to Vegas Drive, bids were received from the
following firms:

Wells & Stewart	$29,873.10

Ideal Asphalt	47,130.59

Whiting Bros.	54,923.20

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Direc-
tor of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation back to the
Commission at this meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

This also being the time set for the opening of bids for the instal-
lation of a Traffic Signal System of South 5th Street and San Francisco,
bids were received from the following firms:

Nevada Electric	$63,333.20

Galland Electric	52,711.00

Commissioner Sharp moved the foregoing bids be referred to the Direc-
tor of Public Works for tabulation and recommendation back to the
Commission at this meeting.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker asked the Committee for report on the proposed ordinance
concerning the raise in license fees for the public utilities companies.

Commissioner Bunker, member of this committee stated that they had
held several meetings on this ordinance and would like to report as
follows:

It is the recommendation of the committee that the Public Utilities
Ordinance be amended so that all Public Utilities in the City will
be paying an equal amount, that is 1% on the gross receipts, and that
if there is anyone who would like to be heard on this matter, the
Board would like to hear them at this time. Commissioner Bunker
further reported that the committee had contacted the Nevada Southern
Gas Company and the increase from 3/4 of 1% to 1% was agreeable to
them, and they had indicated they would not pass this increase on
to the consumer.

Thereafter Mr. Leo McNamee, representing the Southern Nevada Telephone
Company was present and voiced objection to this proposed increase.

He stated that they felt the increase was especially unfair to those
customers of the Telephone Company who live outside the City limits.

Commissioner Bunker asked the City Attorney to speak on the legality
of the Ordinance as proposed.

City Attorney Howard Cannon stated that the Ordinance as proposed
could not prohibit a Utility Company from passing the increase on to
the consumer. He stated further, however, that he believed the Or-
dinance itself will withstand any legal tests as to its validity in
connection with the increase of rates in the license fee.

Thereafter the committee reported favorably on this Ordinance which
proposes to increase the Telephone and Gas Companies from 3/4 of 1%
to 1%, and an ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION 1

OF ORDINANCE NO. 390 PROVIDING FOR A LICENSE TAX FOR PUBLIC UTILITIES;
PROVIDING OTHER MATTERS PROPERLY RELATED THERETO; AND REPEALING ALL
ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT THEREWITH, was read in full to the Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the above entitled Ordinance No. 716 be
adopted as read.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following
vote:	Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor

voting aye; noes, none.

Mr. R. Guild Gray, Superintendent of Clark County School District,
appeared before the Commission at this time. Mr. Gray explained that
in the proposed school expansion there were plans for conversion of
several of the existing schools into Junior High Schools. He further
explained that according to school requirements in order to qualify
as accredited Junior High Schools that there must be a minimum of
twenty acres. He then went on to report that in several instances
the City has joined with the schools in providing parks adjoining
the schools or in assisting the schools in preparation of school play-
grounds.

BID NO.56.26
Paving

Charleston & Decatur
Opening

BID NO. 56.18
Traffic Signals
5th & San Francisco
Opening

ORDINANCE NO. 716
Public Utilities

SCHOOL SITES

