Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of William A.Freeman, Raymond G.
McGuen, and Edward Wilson, solicitors for the sale of American People's
Encyclopedia be referred to the City Manager

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
 Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of George C.Doss, Las Vegas Chema-
lizer Co. for reduction of the solicitors license fee be referred to the
City Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and Mayor Baker voting aye;.
noes, none.

The Commission considered the appeal filed protesting the rezoning of a
portion of the NW¼ of the NE¼ of Section 2, T21S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to
C-1.

Commissioner Sharp moved a public hearing on the proposed ordinance on this
rezoning be held at 7.30 P.M. on April 4, 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

An ordinance entitled:	AN ORDINANCE TO AMEND SECTION IV OF ORDINANCE NO.

378, REFERRED TO AS SECTION 10, CHAPTER 24, OF THE LAS VEGAS CITY CODE,

1949, BY AMENDING THE LAND USE PLAN MAP ADOPTED BY THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

AND CHANGING THE ZONE DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN AREAS ON THE SAID MAP, was
read by title and referred to Commissioners Sharp and Whipple for recom-
mendation.

Consideration was given to the application of Smith-Scott Co. to install
and operate a welding machine, pipe cutter, hydraulic press and pipe
cleaner for the operation of a metal fabrication business at 2204 Indus-
trial Road. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment
subject to approval by the Engineering Department of the discharge of
waste material, approval of the Health Department relative to adequate
fume, dust, vapor and smoke control and the installation of all off-site
improvements.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this Use Permit. None were
voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of March, 1956, having considered the ap-
plication of Smith-Scott Company for a use permit to operate a metal fabrica-
tion business at 2204 Industrial Road; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment ap-
proving this application subject to the approval by the Engineering Department
of the discharge of waste material, approval of the Health Department relative
to Adequate fume, dust, vapor and smoke control and the installation of all
off-site improvements;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Smith-Scott Company for a use permit to operate a metal fabrication business
at 2204 Industrial Road be and the same hereby is approved subject to the
conditions set forth by the Board of Adjustment.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

The Commission considered the application of Harley E. Hannon to construct
a professional office building an Lots 13 to 16, Block 9, Pioneer Heights
Addition. This application was approved by the Board of Adjustment subject
to installation of off-site improvements.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Sharp moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment be
accepted and the following resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
in a regular meeting on the 7th day of March, 1956, having considered the ap-
plication of Harley E. Harmon for use permit to construct a professional
office building on Lots 13 to l6, Block 9; Pioneer Heights Addition; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application subject to the installation of off-site improve-
ments;

SOLICITORS LICENSE
REDUCTION



REZONING - Z-2-56
Don Atkin

USE PERMIT U-6-56
Smith-Scott Co.

USE PERMIT - U-7-56
Harley E. Harmon

