WHEREAS, public hearings were held on the said Petition for Vacation by the Planning
Commission and by the Board of Commissioners; and

WHEREAS, it has been determined that said land is no longer needed for street pur-
poses, the purpose for which it was originally granted to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the persons petitioning for the vacation were the original, grantors of
the property to the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, the most equitable solution to the problem is for the denial of the
petition for Vacation and for a solution by other means;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of June, 1957, that the Petition
for Vacation signed by Otis Harris and Florence Harris and others, for the vacation of
a portion of Jackson Avenue be, and the same hereby is, denied.

APPROVED this 19th day of June, 1957.

Commissioner Sharp moved the aforesaid resolution be adopted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Com-
missioner Whipple.

The Clerk then read the following resolution authorizing the return of this property
to the original grantors:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the Petition for Vacation of certain property in the City of Las Vegas
more particularly described as follows:

A certain tract or parcel of land lying and being situated in the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, and being a portion of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼)
of the Northeast One-Quarter)NE¼) of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 6l
East, M.D.B.& M., and being more particularly described as follows, to-wit:

Commencing at the Southwest comer of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the
Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, Township 20 South, Range 6l East;
thence North along the Westerly line of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the
Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, a distance of 429.42 feet; thence
East paralell with the North line of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the
Northeast One-Quarter (NE¼) of Section 28, a distance of 40 feet to the true
point of beginning; thence continuing East and parallel with said North line
a distance of 113.92 feet more or less to a point on the East line of that
certain parcel of land, conveyed by Arnold Zaugg to Otis Harris, as described
in Document 283990 by Parcel 2, recorded April 29, 1948 in the Office of the
County Recorder, Clark County, Nevada; thence South along the Easterly line
thereof to the Northeast comer of that certain parcel of land conveyed by
Otis Harris to Arthur Starling and Gertrude Starling, as described in Docket
312302, recorded May 11, 1949 in the Office of the County Recorder, Clark
County, Nevada; thence West along the North line thereof a distance of 113-92
feet to a point; thence North parallel with and 40 feet East at right angle to
the West line of the Northwest One-Quarter (NW¼) of the Northeast One-Quarter
(NE¼) of Section 28, to the true point of beginning.

has been denied by this Boards and

WHEREAS, this can be accomplished by the City of Las Vegas quitclaiming the said
property to the original grantors,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, at a regular meeting thereof held on the 19th day of June, 1957, that the
Mayor and the City Clerk be, and they hereby are authorized, to sign a Quitclaim
Deed to Otis Harris and Florence Harris, reconveying the property described in that
certain Quitclaim Deed recorded July 12, 1954 as Document #14852, Book 15, Official
Records of Clark County, Nevada.

APPROVED this 19th day of June, 1957

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the foregoing resolution be adopted and order
made.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Commissioner

Whipple.

Consideration was given to the appeal of Walt investment Company of the denial of their
application for a use permit to construct, operate and maintain a building to house the
Nevada Test Site offices, warehouses and appurtenances, for the Atomic Energy Commission
on a five (5) acre parcel of land on the west side of Rancho Road, approximately 300 feet
south of Bonanza Road as extended.

His Honor asked if there was any one present who wished to speak on this matter.

Mr. Alfred Luke, President of the Walt Investment Company appeared before the Commission
and read his petition for appeal.

Mayor Baker stated that he took exception to the statements in this appeal. He said the
Commission in denying the application of the Walt Investment Company was following legal
procedure, acting on the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment. He further stated that
the Board is composed of five members who have equal right to vote on all matters; that
the Walt Investment Company has not been denied the right to appeal or deprived of any-
thing. The Mayor continued that when an appeal has been filed, which is the case in this
instance, the Commission must set a public hearing not less than ten days nor more than
thirty days.

USE PERMIT - U-9-57
Walt investment Co.
Appeal of Denial
Public Hearing Set