Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that the contract for street patching
be awarded to Wells Cargo in the total amount of $7,984.00, being the low bidder.

Commissioner Whipple moved that the recommendation of Director of Public Works Wade,
awarding the street patching contract to Wells Cargo for $7,984.00 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

At this time George E. Wade, Director of Public Works made a recommendation on bids opened
earlier in this meeting for the installation of air conditioning in specified portions of
City Hall. Mr. Wade stated that it was their recommendation that the lowest bidder, Western
Heating and Ventilating Company be awarded this contract.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved this recommendation be accepted and the bid for the
installation of air conditioning be awarded to Western Heating and Ventilating Company
in the total amount of $17,269.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade requested authorization to go to bids on the
following:

Sunrise Park Sanitary Sewer
Jefferson Center Playground	)

Golf Course Parking Lot	)	One contract

Wildcat Lair Parking Lot	)

Sewage Disposal Plant Well
Golf Course Water Lines
Twenty-four trash cans

Commissioner Whipple moved that Director of Public Works Wade be authorized to go to bid
on the foregoing contracts.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the improvements in Greater Las Vegas Addition No. 1 be
accepted and the bond released.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Supervisor of Building and Safety, Art Trelease presented the application of Phil Jordan
to move a house from Funland Park to Twin Lakes Lodge.

Commissioner Fountain moved this application for a house moving permit be approved and
building brought up to Code.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following applications for permits for solicitation of chari-
table funds as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board be approved:

America Legion Auxiliary
Y.M.C.A.

Nevada Sightless Inc.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 13269 through 13754 in the net amount
of $73,576.53 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 6477 to 6622 inclusive
in the total amount of $31,135.93 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of April 18 and 26, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Whipple moved the application of Charles Redican and Ruth Beck for license for
1 Race Horse Keno at New Boulder Club Keno, 118 Fremont be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Edward Levinson for license for 275 slots, 10
Crap, 12 Blackjack, 4 Roulette, 1 Big Six Wheel, 1 Race Horse Keno at Fremont Hotel, 200
Fremont, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.



Commissioner Bunker moved the application of Raymond Salmon for license for 1 slot at
Bonanza, be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following voter Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner Sharp.

BID NO. 36.12
Awarded

Street Patching Contract

BID - AIR CONDITIONING
CITY HALL - Awarded

AUTHORIZATION
FOR BIDS

GREATER LAS VEGAS
ADDITION NO. 1
Final Acceptance &

Release of Bond

HOUSE MOVING PERMIT
Phil Jordan

SOLICITATION PERMITS

PAYROLL WARRANTS

 SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

GAMING APPLICATIONS
New

New Boulder Club Keno

New

Fremont Hotel

Additional
Bonanza Bar