City Manager A.H. Kennedy presented the request of the Jewish Community
Center for permission to put in the street improvements at 17th and
Bracken by the time their building is completed in September of this
year add the off-site improvements including the sidewalks and street
lights to be installed within a year.

Commissioner Sharp moved this request be granted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Mayor Baker passed his vote.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that C.G. Luzier of Cliff's 5th
Street Market had been given 60 days on November 16, 1955 to replace the
curb and gutter along his property at 5th and Gass, and this time had ex-
pired and the order has not been complied with.

Commissioner Bunker moved that Mr. Luzier be granted 30 days to replace the
curb and gutter and if the work is not done that the Engineering Department
have the work done at Mr. Luzier's expense.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Commis-
sioner Whipple and Mayor Baker passed their votes.

City Manager Kennedy explained that on February 8th the Boy Scouts would take
over the City government. He stated that last year some of the departments
had from ten to twenty boys that they had to take to lunch, and he requested
that the City pay for those instances where there are a number of Boy Scouts
in one department.

Commissioner Fountain moved this matter be left to the discretion of the City
Manager.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker,Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the lease with Bruce Beckley and Virginia Richardson
for the parking lot at the comer of 6th and Carson be approved providing there
is a stipulation that the lessor cannot cancel the lease sooner than one year.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Fountain, Sharp, and His Honor voting aye; noes, Commissioners
Bunker and Whipple.

Commissioner Sharp moved the liquor license of Raymond Salmon for the Bonanza
Bar, 4l8 W. Bonanza be held in abeyance in the same status as it is.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain,Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following resolution directing the notification
of property owners within Assessment District No. 200-17 that they may pay
said assessments within two weeks, be adopted:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, the City of Las Vegas in the County of Clark, and the State of
Nevada, and the officers thereof, have taken action to install a sanitary
sewer along certain streets, and alleys and portions of streets and alleys
and easements therein; and

WHEREAS, said City has created Sanitary Sewer Improvement Assessment
District No. 200-17 for the purpose of making said improvements; and

WHEREAS, the Assessment Roll No. 36-1956 was duly confirmed on the l8th
day of January, 1956; and

WHEREAS, Section 15 of Emergency Ordinance No. 666, as amended by Section
3 of Emergency Ordinance No. 692, provides for a cash payment period within two
weeks after the said Assessment Roll is confirmed and approved; and

WHEREAS, the time has now come to notify the owners of the premises
assessed that they may within said period of two weeks pay the full assessment
in cash,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, at. a regular meeting thereof held on the 1st day of February, 1956,
that the Director of Finance of the City of Las Vegas, acting for the County
Assessor, Ex-Officio City Assessor, be and he hereby is directed to notify in
writing all owners of the property assessed that they may pay said assessment
in full within said period of two weeks from this date.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Notices shall be in substantially the
form attached to this Resolution and made a part hereof.

DATED at Las Vegas, Nevada, this 1st day of February, 1956.

ATTEST:	Mayor

City Clerk

JEWISH COMMUNITY
CENTER

Installation of

Improvements

CURB REPLACEMENT

G.C. Luzier



BOY SCOUT WEEK



PARKING LOT -
Bruce Beckley



BONANZA BAR

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 200-17