His Honor asked if there were any objections. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that the application of Ola Gamer to develop and
operate a trailer court on property situated at 1417 North H Street be approved
subject to the conditions imposed by the Planning Commission, and the following
resolution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, in a regular meeting on the 21st day of September, 1955, having
considered the application of Ola Gamer to develop and operate a trailer court
on property situated at 1417 North H Street; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment
approving this application;

NOW, THEREFORE, it is the decision of this Board that the application of
Ola Gamer to develop and operate a trailer court on property situated at 1417
North H Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote: Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Carl M. Belding, et al, to
reclassify Lots 1 and 2, Block 8, amended Map of Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-l and
R-3 to R-4. This application was denied by the Planning Commission on the grounds
that it would eventually lead to reclassification of all of Mayfair Tract, which is
designed for single-family homes.

His Honor asked if there were any objections to this rezoning. None were voiced.

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing be set for October 19, 1955, on the
application of Carl M. Belding, et al, to reclassify Lots 1 and 2, Block 8, amended
Map of Mayfair Tract No. 2 from R-1 and R-3 to R-4 and Lot 32, Block 1, Mayfair
Tract No. 1 from R-3 to R-4.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the application of Earl Turmon for reclassi-
fication of Lot 11, Block 21, HFM&M Addition on Jackson Street between "F" and
G Streets from R-3 to C-2. This application was denied by the Planning Commission
on the grounds that it would be "spot zoning".

Commissioner Bunker moved that a public hearing be set for October 19, 1955 on the
application of Earl Turmon for reclassification of Lot 11, Block 21, HFM&M Addition
on Jackson Street between "F" and"G" Streets from R-3 to C-2.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time the Board considered the application of Lloyd St. John for reclassifi-
cation of N½, SW½, Sec. 29, T20S, R6lE, MDB&M from R-1 to R-3-T. This application
was denied by the Planning Commission as being incompatible with an R-1 residential
area which is adjacent. Protests were made by Twin Lakes Property Owners Association
and from Thomas Sharp, owner of the land Mr. St. John is leasing. A letter was re-
ceived from Mr. St. John requesting that this matter be deferred for a month.

Commissioner Sharp moved that a public hearing be set for October 19, 1955 on the

application of Lloyd St. John for reclassification of N½, SW½ Section 29, T20S. R6lE MDB&M
from R-1 to R-3-T.	

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Consideration of the Board was given to the tentative map of Decatur Heights.

This map was conditionally approved by the Planning Commission subject to redesign
of the westerly edge so that building lots will back up to Decatur Boulevard, and
agreement to dedicate five acres to the School District.

Commissioner Sharp moved that the tentative map of Decatur Heights be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

City Attorney Howard Cannon stated that he had written the property owners on the
right-of-way for Decatur Boulevard along Las Vegas Square Subdivision, and had had
replies from two of them. They stated that they were unwilling to dedicate the
required right-of-way. He further stated that there were eight 25 ft. lots in-
volved on this street, and he would like to know if the Commission wanted to go
ahead by condemnation. The City needs 50 ft. on the west side of Decatur to meet
a 150 ft. right-of-way.

Commissioner Sharp moved that condemnation proceedings be started by the City

Attorney for the right-of-way for Decatur Boulevard along Las Vegas Square Sub-
division.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:	Com-

missioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

REZONING

Carl M. Belding, et al
Z-27-55

REZONING
Earl Turmon

Z-21-55

REZONING

Lloyd St. John

Z-28-55



TENTATIVE MAP
 Decatur Heights

CONDEMNATION

Decatur Boulevard