On motion of Commissioner Harris P. Sharp, duly seconded by Commissioner
Wendell Bunker, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted,
and order made:

BE IT RESOLVED, this 7th day of March, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the easement,
dated the 25th day of November, 1955; executed by Morris Kasper and Eva J.
Kasper, husband and wife to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Nevada, and that the real property described therein be, and is hereby accepted,
for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said
easement, and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
the County of Clark, State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the
records of this Board.

STATE OF NEVADA )

) ss.

COUNTY OF CLARK )

I, Shirley Ballinger, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, hereby certify the foregoing to be a full, true and
correct copy of the Resolution accepting the easement attached hereto duly
adopted at a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 7th
day of March, 1956.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my official
seal this 8th day of March, 1956.

(SEAL)	/s/ SHIRLEY BALLINGER

FOR: Sewer Easement

Commissioner Whipple moved the Minutes of February 15,20 and 29, 1956 be
approved by reference and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved that Payroll Warrants Nos, 11292 to 11787 in
the net amount of $72,410.79 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp,Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 5832 to
5976 in the total amount of $316,830.59 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Whipple moved the following applications for permits for solicita-
tions of charitable funds as recommended by the Solicitations Review Board be
approved:

Boy Scouts of America

Nevada Society for Crippled Children

8 and 40

St. Anne's Men's Club

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Sharp,Fountain, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of C.R. Millhizer for renewal
of 5 slot machines at Jimmy's Liquor Store, 1402 North E Street for the
first quarter of 1956 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Bunker moved the application of P.G. Gruneisen for license
for two skill pool tables at the Sport's Liquor Store, 419 North Main
Street be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved the application of Mike Latter and Leonard Shafer
for license for one Race Horse Book and one Sports Book at the Westside
Race Book, 407 Jackson be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

MINUTES

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

SOLICITATION PERMITS
GAMING APPLICATIONS