Commissioner Sharp moved that Payroll Warrants Nos. 3260 through 3787 in the net
amount of $75,543.12 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Service and Material Warrants Nos. 8871 through 9014
in the total amount of $616,218.56 be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Commissioner Fountain moved the Minutes of December 5, 1956 be approved by reference
and the Mayor and Clerk authorized to sign same.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Mayor Baker passed his vote. Absent:
Commissioner Whipple.

City Manager Kennedy reported that he had received another request from the Nevada
Employment Security to place a trailer on the State Building Parking Lot to be used
as an office. This request was denied.

City Manager Kennedy advised the Commission that two pumps at the Golf Course had been
burned out and there needed to be a replacement. He stated that since the ball park
is going in in this area, that a larger pump will be needed. Mr. Kennedy stated the
estimated cost would be $3,900.00, and that prices would be secured from several dealers
and awarded to the lowest.

Commissioner Fountain moved the request of the City Manager to purchase a new pump for
the Golf Course be approved subject to his advising the Commission of the bid to be
accepted.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

Mr. Kennedy reported that he had received a request addressed to the Mayor and Commission
from R. L. Gresham Insurance Adjustors that they be given a portion of the adjustment
work of the City. The City Manager advised the Commission that the agent for Insurance
Association is the one that designates the adjustor. The Commission requested that
Mr. Kennedy contact the Insurance Association and suggest that a portion of this work
be delegated to R. L. Gresham Company.

Mr. Kennedy stated that the City Attorney had advised that the contract for advertising
on benches for bus stops awarded last meeting to the Hoyt Advertising Company be made
for no longer than two years instead of fifteen as the contract called for.

At this time Mayor Baker left the meeting.

Commissioner Bunker moved this matter be held in abeyance.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain and Sharp voting aye; noes, none. Absent:	Mayor Baker and Commissioner

Whipple.

Mayor Baker returned to the meeting.

Mr. Kennedy stated that he had received a request from the Encyclopedia Britannica for
permission to solicit for sales under one general mercantile license issued to the
Company This request was denied.

Mr. Kennedy presented the proposal of Dr. Chester Lyon to purchase City property east
of the East Charleston Fire Station Site at $2100.00 per acre.

Commissioner Sharp moved the sale of this property to Dr. Chester Lyon be approved sub-
ject to the correct legal description and a contract be prepared by the City Attorney's
office at $2100.00 per acre, cash for 9.7 acres with a one year option at the same price
on two other parcels of land.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

City Engineer Wade recommended that the low bid of George E. Miller Construction
Company on Bid No. 56.54 for the installation of the water line on Hinson Street be
accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.54 be awarded to George E. Miller in the
total amount of $5,188.55.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

City Engineer Wade recommended that the low bid of George E. Miller Construction Company
on Bid No. 56.55 for the installation of the sewer line on Hinson Street be accepted.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Bid No. 56.55 be awarded to George E. Miller in the
total amount of $2,420.00.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote: Commissioners
Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent: Commissioner
Whipple.

PAYROLL WARRANTS

SERVICE & MATERIAL
WARRANTS

MINUTES

NEVADA EMPLOYMENT
SECURITY

GOLF COURSE PUMP

INSURANCE ADJUSTING

BENCH ADVERTISING
CONTRACT

ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITTANICA
SALE OF CITY PROPERTY

BID NO. 56.54
Hinson Water Line
Awarded

BID NO. 56.55
Hinson Sewer Line
Awarded