Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager be granted permission to attend the City Manager's
Convention in Banff, Alberta, Canada and to go on vacation as of September 7; 1956.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none. Absent
Mayor Baker.

At this time Commissioner Bunker brought up for discussion the Resolution adopted by the
Commission on September 22, 1949, concerning the number of slot machines that will be per-
mitted in businesses located outside the gambling district. Commissioner Bunker stated
that this particular resolution permitted the operation of not more than twelve (12)
machines in one location, and requested explanation of why the Thriftimart located at
2200 West Bonanza had been allowed to apply for and are operating sixteen (l6) machines.

Discussion was held by the Commission and it was agreed that the operators of the Thrifti-
mart had been advised at the time they received the first license that no more than the
maximum number of machines would be permitted.

Thereafter Commissioner Bunker moved the Thriftimart be instructed to comply with the
resolution on slot machines immediately.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following "vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain, and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Commissioner Bunker moved the license for the four slot machines at the Thriftimart, which
are those in excess of the number of machines permitted by resolution, be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

Director of Public Works George E. Wade recommended that Bid No. 56.44 for the construction
of Dog Kennels be awarded to the low bidder, Wagner Construction Co. in the total amount
of $4,148.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Bid No. 56.44 be awarded to Wagner Construction Co.
in the total amount of $4,148.00 subject to the furnishing of the proper bonds, entering
into the contract and meeting all requirements of the City.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Sharp, Fountain and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

There being no further business to come before the Board, Commissioner Sharp moved this
meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp and His Honor Mayor Pro Tem Whipple voting aye; noes, none.

Absent:	Mayor Baker.

ATTEST:		APPROVED:



City Clerk		Mayor

8-15-56

(CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING)

TO: SHIRLEY BALLINGER, City Clerk	August 22, 1956

Las Vegas, Nevada

A special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
is hereby called to be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, on the 22nd day of
August, 1956, at the hour of 4:30 P. M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Approval of traffic tickets

2.	Recommendations on the following bids:

a)	Bid No. 56.43 - Jail Equipment - Cells

b)	Bid No. 56.41 - East Charleston Water Main

c)	Bid No. 56.42 - Waste Receptacles

d)	Bid No. 56.46 - Radio Equipment

3.	Business license ordinance change.
4. Purchase Order for fly spray

5.	Discussion on Charleston Boulevard and Bonanza Road.

6.	Discussion on slot machines licenses

/s/ C. D. Baker_______

Mayor

( NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING)

TO: C. D. BAKER, Mayor and to WENDELL BUNKER, E. W. FOUNTAIN, HARRIS P. SHARP, REED WHIPPLE, Commissioners

and A. H. KENNEDY, City Manager, R. F. BOOS, Administrative Assistant, and HOWARD W. CANNON,
City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas.

You and each of you will please take notice that pursuant to a call this day
issued by Mayor Baker, a special meeting of the Board of Commissions rs of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, will be held in the Mayor's Office of the City Hall, 5th and Stewart, on
the 22nd day of August, 1956, at the hour of 4:30 P.M. to consider the following matters:

1.	Approval of traffic tickets

2.	Recommendations on the following bids:

CONVENTION ATTENDANCE
City Manager

RESOLUTION ON SLOT

MACHINES



BID NO. 56.44

Dog Kennels
Awarded