RESOLUTION ACCEPTING DEED

On Motion of Commissioner Wendell Bunker, Duly seconded by Commissioner Harris
P. Sharp, and carried unanimously, the following Resolution is adopted, and order made:

HE IT RESOLVED, this 27th day of June, 1956, by the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, that the deed, dated the 18th day of
June, 1956, executed by Louis B. DuBois and Gertrude DuBois, husband and wife to the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, and that the real property described here-
in be, and is hereby accepted, for the purposes and intentions as therein set forth; and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be attached to said deed,

and that the same be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of the County of Clark,

State of Nevada, and this resolution be filed in the records of this Board.

Commissioner Bunker moved the following resolution changing the first meeting date of the
Board, scheduled on July 4th to July 10th, 1956 be adopted and order made:

RESOLUTION

WHEREAS, by resolution adopted by this Board in June, 1955, regular meetings are
held the first and third Wednesdays of each month; and

WHEREAS, the first Wednesday in July is the 4th day of said month which is a national
state and city holiday; and

WHEREAS, a more convenient date for such meeting will be July 10, 1956 at the regular
hour and place of meeting of said Board,

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas at a recessed regular meeting thereof held on the 27th day of June, 1956, that the
next regular meeting of this Board will be at 7:30 P.M. P.D.S.T., July 10th, 1956, at
the Council Chambers in the City Hall for the transaction of such business as may come
before the Board.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this resolution is for the next regular meeting only,
and is not intended to otherwise change regular meeting dates as prescribed by the resolution
of June 15, 1955.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Sharp moved that inasmuch as there is to be a change in the first meeting
of the Commission in July that the gross payroll in the estimated amount of $92,000.00
be approved and warrants authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

At this time Mr. George Rudiak appeared on behalf of Mr. Alfred Ripps, proprietor of
Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont, and informed the Board of a proposed settlement between
Mr. Ripps and Mrs. Pauline Kline, owner of the premises, whereby Mr. Ripps would vacate
the premises by September 30, 1956. Mr. Rudiak advised that Mr. Ripps had not yet secured
another location and asked that the Board therefore agree to permit Mr. Ripps to maintain
his Retail Liquor license and Beer license on an inactive status.

Commissioner Fountain moved the following resolution be adopted.

BE IT RESOLVED that if Alfred Ripps shall vacate the premises at 106 Fremont Street
by September 30, 1956, the City Commission will approve the transfer of his Retail Liquor
license and Beer license to 120 South 1st Street, or such other location in downtown
Las Vegas zoned for retail liquor stores as Mr. Ripps may designate and the City Commission
shall approve.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that if another location shall not be available to Mr. Ripps
for sixty (60) days following September 30, 1956 then the City Commission agrees that upon
payment of quarterly license fees, he shall have the right to keep his retail liquor license
and beer license in inactive status for not more than three (3) calendar quarters thereafter.
Provided, however, that Mr. Ripps shall not have the right to transfer or assign these rights
without express permission of the Board of Commissioners.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

Commissioner Fountain moved the application of Alfred Ripps for a gaming license for 8 slot
machines, a retail package liquor and beer license, a cigarette and general business license
for Mike's Liquor Store, 106 Fremont for the 3rd quarter of 1956 be approved subject to the
following condition:

These licenses are issued to and pursuant to the order of the Court in the Writ of
Preliminary Injunction and are issued under protest thereof. The licenses will be
revoked promptly upon the dissolving of said injunction.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time, Commissioner Whipple
moved the meeting adjourn.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none.

ATTEST:	APPROVED:



 City Clerk	Mayor

RESOLUTION -Change
of July Meeting Date

PAYROLL WARRANTS



LIQUOR, GAMING &
BUSINESS LICENSES
Mike's Liquor Store

