The Commission considered the application of Marquita A. Manning for a use permit
to convert an existing building into a professional office at 300 Maryland Park-
way (Lots 17 and 18, Block 10; Pioneer Heights); in an R-4 zone.

Planning Director Bills reported that the Board of Adjustment had approved this appli-
cation subject to an improvement agreement and bond; both of which had been signed
and are on file.

Mayor Baker asked if there were any objections to the granting of this use permit.

None were voiced.

Commissioner Whipple moved the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
the application of Marquita A. Manning for a use permit to convert a building at
300 Maryland Parkway into a professional office be approved and the following re-
solution adopted:

BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas; Nevada at
a regular meeting held June 5, 1957 having considered the application of Marquita
A. Manning for use permit to convert an existing building into a professional
office building at 300 Maryland Parkway (Lots 17 and 18; Block 10; Pioneer Heights)
in an R-4 zone; and

The Board having considered the recommendation of the Board of Adjustment approving
this application subject to the signing of an improvement agreement and bond both
of which are on file;

NOW; THEREFORE; it is the decision of this Board that the application of Marquita A.
Manning for use permit to convert a building into a professional office at 300 Mary-
land Parkway be approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Fountain and carried by the following vote:	Commis-
sioners Fountain; Whipple; Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noes; none. Absent:	Com-

missioner Bunker.

Mayor Baker read a memorandum from the City Attorney concerning a request from the
Clark County School District that the law be enforced relating to the sale of tobacco
products to school-age youngsters.

Commissioner Sharp moved the City Manager and Chief of Police be instructed to notify
all dispensers of tobacco products that they are responsible to see that unlawful sales
are not made; and that their licenses are subject to revocation in the event they permit
unlawful sales.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:	Commissioners

Fountain; Whipple and Sharp and His Honor voting aye; noeS; none. Absent:	Commissioner

Bunker.

The recommendation of the Traffic and Parking Commission regarding parking restrictions
in the area of West Charleston Boulevard; "A" Street and Main Street; was considered at
this time.

Mr. A1 Bossi; Traffic Engineer explained that it was proposed that "no parking" restri-
ctions be imposed in the following area in order to permit access to "A" Street from
Main Street:

1.	All that area lying within the north right-of-way line and the north
curb line of West Charleston Boulevard; beginning 120 feet west of
the westerly curb line of South Main Street and extending westerly

a distance of 230 feet.

2.	Along the southeasterly curb line of South Main Street Extension;
beginning at the intersection of said curb line with the westerly
curb line of South Main Street and extending southwesterly to the
northerly curb line of West Charleston Boulevard.

3.	Along both curb lines of South "A" Street; beginning at the northerly
right-of-way line of West Charleston and extending northerly a dis-
tance of 40 feet.

Discussion was held and the Commission requested that a permanent barricade be placed
on the City's right-of-way to prohibit access to Charleston Boulevard by way of the
driveway in front of Ellinghams; said permit having been issued by the State of
Nevada.

Thereafter Commissioner Fountain moved the recommendation of the Traffic and Park-
ing Commission be approved and "no parking" restrictions imposed in the above des-
cribed area.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Sharp and carried by the following vote:	Commis-

sioners Fountain; Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye; noes, none. Absent:
Commissioner Bunker.

Traffic Engineer A1 Bossi presented a map showing the recommendation of the
Traffic and Parking Commission for bus stop locations in the central business
district and along South 5th Street.

The proposed locations were recommended as follows:

1.	Along the south curb line of Bridger Avenue, 20 feet west of South
5th Street.

2.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 20 feet north of
Clark Avenue.

3.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 20 feet south of
Garces Avenue.

4.	Along the west curb line of South 5th Street, 20 feet north of Gass
Avenue.

USE PERMIT - U-8-57
Marquita A. Manning



SALE OF TOBACCO
PRODUCTS TO MINORS

"NO PARKING" ZONES
W. Charleston - "A"

& Main Streets

BUS STOPS -
South 5th Street