Mr. Kennedy presented a requisition to the U. S. Masonry Construction
Company in the amount of $3,446.75 to construct concrete block retaining
walls around the East Charleston Fire Station, West Charleston Fire Sta-
tion and the Westside Fire Station on Bonanza Road. The City Manager ad-
vised the Commission that three bids had been secured on this work; one
from Wyness in the amount of $4,950.00 and the other from E. M. Kaufield
in the amount of $7,000.00.

Commissioner Fountain moved that Purchase Requisition No. 8640 to U.S.
Masonry Construction Company in the total amount of $3,446.75 for re-
taining walls at the three fire stations be approved and the purchase
order authorized.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy reported that the General Fund Balance is $855,981.40
with the gross payroll of $98,080.38 and service and material warrants
in the total amount of $73,645.32. Mr. Kennedy stated that is a disburse-
ment of $16,244.83 from the Bond Fund for the sewer plant, and a refund
of a gaming license paid in error to the City in the amount of $50.25.

Mr. Kennedy requested that Mayor Baker be authorized to sign a letter ad-
dressed to Herman G. Pope, Executive Director of the Public Administra-
tion Service, accepting their proposal to conduct a personnel survey in
an amount not to exceed $3,000.00, the study to commence approximately
November 1, 1957 and the report will be made approximately January 1, 1958.

Commissioner Whipple moved the Mayor be authorized to sign the letter to
the Public Administration Service.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy reported that the Engineering Department has re-run the es-
timates on Assessment District No. 100-35 to include the improvement of
the alleys in this district, and the estimated cost is still approximately
$25.00 per front foot. The Commission expressed approval of the idea of
including alleys in the assessment district.

The City Manager advised the Board that P & C Construction Co., the con-
tractor for the remodeling of Stage I of City Hall had been contacted to
remodel the lobby of City Hall by installing aluminum doors in the center,
blocking up the other and putting in windows, and had agreed to do this
work at a cost of $2,150.15. Mr. Kennedy further reported that the alcove
in the west wing could be blocked in to be used as an office at a future
date at a cost of $555.79. The City Manager recommended that this work
be authorized so that all alterations would be completed prior to having
the outside of the building painted.

Commissioner Sharp moved this work be authorized and a Change Order to
P & C Construction Company in the total amount of $2,705.94 approved.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Bunker and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

Mr. Kennedy reported there have been requests for the installation of
sidewalks, curbs and gutters on Sunrise Street from 25th Street to 26th
Street and on 26th Street from Sunrise Street south to the alley inter-
section. The City Manager advised the Commission that the Engineering
Department is working on this request.

At this time the Commission considered reports that beer has been sold
to a minor at the El Charro Cafe, and also that employees have been per-
mitted to work prior to registering with the Police Department.

Commissioner Sharp moved that Manuel Garcia, owner of the El Charro Cafe,
416 West Bonanza be notified to appear at the next regular meeting on
October 16, 1957 to show cause why his Restaurant Beverage license should
not be revoked.

Motion seconded by Commissioner Whipple and carried by the following vote:
Commissioners Bunker, Fountain, Sharp, Whipple and His Honor voting aye;
noes, none.

City Manager Kennedy made a report at this time on the fertilizer that is
being used on the Golf Course. Mr. Kennedy stated that this fertilizer
which apparently is too strong and has burned out some of the greens has
been checked by the Engineering Department, and it does meet the specifi-
cations of the bid. Mr. Kennedy stated that the firm that supplied the
fertilizer is being contacted to see if it can be exchanged for a finer
grind that can be used on the Golf Course greens.

RETAINING WALLS
Fire Stations

GENERAL FUND
BALANCE

PERSONNEL SURVEY
Public Administration
Service

ASSESSMENT DISTRICT
NO. 100-35
Alley Improvement

CITY HALL REMODELING
Change Order

SUNRISE STREET
IMPROVEMENT

LIQUOR LICENSE
Show Cause Order

El Charro Cafe
FERTILIZER REPORT