THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED: That the following streets, as shown in said Fairview
Addition, to-wit:

Stewart Street
Ogden Street
Fremont Street
Fairview Avenue
De-Kalb Avenue

and all alleys and other strips of land shown thereon as streets or alleys, BE and the same
are hereby VACATED AND ABANDONED.

PROVIDED, however, that nothing herein shall be deemed in any way abandon or effect
any of the streets or alleys of Fairview Tract, as shown by map of said Fairview Tract, on
file in Book 1 of Plats, Page 7, in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada

Vote bn said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Thomas arrived late.

Dr. J. D. Smith and Wm. L. Scott appeared before the Board at this time in regards
to the City giving a portion of its land for the Veterans Hospital that has been allocated
to the State of Nevada, should the City of Las Vegas be the site chosen for said hospital.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS the congress of the United States of America has allocated a Veteran's
Bureau Hospital to the State of Nevada and appropriated funds for construction of same,

WHEREAS the City of Las Vegas is a desirable location for such a hospital in that
the climate, altitude, amount of annual rainfall, purity and sufficiency of water supply
of said city are ideal, and that said City is also situate on the main line of a transcont-
inental railway: on a transcontinental highway, and on a transcontinental air route, and

WHEREAS it has been demonstrated that due to the great distance that Las Vegas
issituate from Veteran's Bureau Hospitals and that there is an apparent lack of beds avail-
able in such hospitals and that therefore disabled ex-service men in this district are not
receiving the care to which they are entitled, and

WHEREAS the undesirable condition above described will be aggravated by the
large number of ex-service men to be employed on erection of Boulder Dam in the vicinity
of the said City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, a number of suitable hospital sites in and near the said City of Las
Vegas are available and have been offered without cost to the United States Veteran's
Bureau for hospital purposes, Now Therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED that the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada, does hereby and herewith urge the proper governmental agencies to
inspect such sites and consider the desirability of Las Vegas and vicinity for the
erection of a Veteran's Bureau Hospital, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that in the event of the selection by the said Veteran's
Bureau of a site in Las Vegas or vicinity for such a hospital, that this Board does hereby
pledge itself for the construction and maintenance of suitable streets and roads from
existing streets in the City of Las Vegas to such site as may be chosen by the said Veteran's
Bureau insofar as necessary streets and roads shall lie within the limits of the said City
of Las Vegas.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the said Board of City Commissioners does hereby
further pledge said Board and the City of Las Vegas to donate or cause to be donated the
necessary average for a suitable site for such hospital.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner leaving before vote was taken.

The Clerk was directed to send a certified copy to General Frank T. Hynes
Director Veteran's Bureau, Washington, D.C.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 25th day of March 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.