Now Therefore Be It Resolved, that such tax levy, as appears in Book Three of the minutes
of this Board at pages 142, 143, and 144 be and the same is hereby amended, revised, and readjusted
so that the same shall read as follows:

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.145 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.070 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is ex-
empt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the General Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.223 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Street Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.255 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Water, Sewer and Light Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.020 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, and collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Library Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.248 on each one one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying, and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said Tax to be known as and used as Bond Interest Fund.

RESOLVED, that	an ad	valorem tax of $.112 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable

property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected

and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of mines, except such property as is exempt
from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Bond Redemption Fund.

RESOLVED, that an ad valorem tax of $.010 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as Cemetery Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.037 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable

property situate, lying and being with in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected
and paid for the year 1931, including net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known ns and used as Publicity Fund.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk forthwith transmit a copy of such amended,
revised and readjusted tax levy to the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, and a
copy to the County Assessor of Clark County.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith and German, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 17th day of April 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL CALLED MEETING.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City Attor-
ney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

CALL	

Las Vegas, Nevada,

April 15th, 1931.

To- Viola Burns,

City Clerk:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of
said City, to be held at the Council room of said Board on Wednesday, the 15th day of
April, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon questions relatin g
to the gambling Ordinance of the City, numbered 165, and with respect to gaming licenses
heretofore applied for under said Ordinance.

You will give notice in accordance with this call.

J.F. Hesse,

Mayor.