OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 9th, 1932.

Minutes a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of t he City of
Las Vegas, held on the 9th day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Minutes of the meetings of May 3rd and 5th, 1932 read and approved as read.

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to act as Finance Commissioner owing to
the absence of that officer to approve the claims of Frank Gusewelle and Miser and
Reim.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the gaming license for Jack Butker be corrected so that the same might read two poker
tables to correspond with the license issued with the state.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to take up two more of the 1931 Highway Bonds and the interest thereon
to date. Money to cover the same being applicable there to.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and
His honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Library Board be allowed to have the Library cleaned at a cost not to exceed $40.00.

Same to be paid out of the General Fund of the City.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a report was made to the Board of the check of the written protests
against the proposed sewer laterals in the city of Las Vegas. About 19% of the property
owners protesting.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the written protests against the proposed sewer laterals in the City of Las Vegas was not
sufficient to cause the Board of Commissioner to stop proceedings. The amount of protest
equaling only 19% of the property owners.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of
The City of Las Vegas, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith," was read for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners
Mundy and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner German
being excused before the Ordinance was read.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 188 of the City of Las Vegas, and
to be in full force and effect from and after is complete publication for one week ( six
issues) in the Las Vegas Review Journal.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 13th day of May, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of May 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Ryland G. Taylor appeared before the Board this time and petitioned said Board for
a permit for the American Legion to hold a parade on the streets of the City of Las Vegas,
Friday night, June 10th, and to display fireworks along the line of march,

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
permission be granted to the American Legion for the use of the streets for a parade and
fireworks display on the night of June 10th, 1932.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.