that the natter of the street paving be tabled until the meeting to be held Thursday October
10th, and that the Supt. of Streets J. P. King be instructed to obtain prices on the differ-
ent kinds of paving to be considered

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes none.

Attorney Stevens was directed to draft an amendment to the Building Ordinance as
subjested by the Building Inspector Paul Hosman.

Upon the motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the follow-
ing Preambles and Resolution were adopted:

	WHEREAS, at a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada held on the 20th day of August 1929 the following
Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, suitable quarters for the holding of sessions of the Municipal Court of the
Vegas have been provided by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at
108 No. Second Street in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite in said City in a building situate at the
North end of lots 21 and 22 in Block No. 15 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite,

	NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the court room provided therein be and the same is

hereby designated as the Court Room of the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas, where all
sessions of such Municipal Court shall hereafter, until further order of this Board be held,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas be notified
by the City Clerk of the passage of this Resolution,

Be IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that hereafter all sessions of the Municipal Court be held
in said Municipal Court Room until further order of this Board

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that from, and after the date of the passage of this Re-
solution no further rent be paid by the City of Las Vegas, for the Court Room of said Municipal
Court at any place other that the above mentioned Court Room, until further order of this
Board", and

WHEREAS, it appears to this Board that Roger Foley, the Municipal Judge of the City
of Las Vegas has, heretofore and since the passage and adoption of the above-mentioned 
Preambles, and Resolution been notified by the City Clerk of the passage of said Resolution
refused and neglected to hold any sessions of the Municipal Court in said Municipal Court Room
as required by said Resolution, and has held all sessions of said Municipal Court at the
Clark Building at No. 16 Fremont Street in said City of Las Vegas,	

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the appointment of said Roger Foley, as the Municipal
Judge of the City of Las Vegas, heretofore made this Board be, and the same is hereby revoked
and the said office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby
declared to be vacant?	

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said Roger Foley be and he is hereby ordered and
directed to immediately pay over to the City Treasurer of the City of Las Vegas all the moneys
held by him, which have heretofore been received by him as such Municipal Judge, and belonging
to the City of Las Vegas,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the said Roger Foley be and he is hereby ordered and
directed to deliver and turn over to his successor in office, and on demand by such successor,
all books, dockets, record, papers, and supplies pertaining to said office of Municipal Judge
in his possession, custody or under his control,	

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a warrant be drawn by the proper officers of the City
of Las Vegas in favor of said Roger Foley for the month of October for the sum of Fifty Doll-
ars, being the salary of said Roger Foley for the month of October 1929 as such Municipal

Judge, such payment in no way to be deemed to effect the order herein made revoking said ap-
pointment and declaring said office vacant.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and
Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon the office of Municipal Judge being vacant the name of W. G. Morse
was brought before the Board for the appointment of Municipal Judge.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith W. G. Morse

was appointed to the office of Municipal Judge of the City of Las Vegas, to hold office at

the pleasure of the Board, and to receive a salary of Fifty Dollars a month, to hold all
sessions of said Municipal Court in the Court Room at No. 108 No. Second Street, and rent on
no other room used as a Municipal Court Room will be paid by this Board. Upon taking the
Official Oath of Office must present to the Board a bond of $2,000.00 same to be approved by
the Mayor. The bond may be a Bond from a Surety Bond Company, or a bond furnished by two
sufficient sureties.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The Clerk was directed to deliver or cause to be delivered a certified copy of
the fore going Resolution to the former Municipal Judge, Roger Foley, and accompany same
with a certified copy of the motion appointing W. G. Morse Municipal Judge. Judge Morse to
receive also a certified copy of the motion appointing him Municipal Judge.

Upon motion duly made seconded, and carried it was ordered that L. E. Newcomer
a Civil Engineer, be and he is hereby directed to make the necessary survey and submit to
this Board an Elevation Hap of the proposed grades in South and Wardie Additions in the City
of Las Vegas, to submit the same to this Board at an early date with his recommendations
concerning same.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thursday October 10th 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.