OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.	

AUGUST 20th, 1929.

At a Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Held
August 20th ,1929 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell together with the City Attorney, and

Clerk.

Call for Special Meeting.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

The undersigned being two Commissioners of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas do hereby call a special meeting of the said Board to be held at the Council Room
of sail Board in the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada on Tuesday the 20th day of August 1929 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. to take up and
consider at said meeting the following matters:

1.	To act upon an application of the South Nevada Land & Development Co. for a permit
to use the streets, and alleys of Wardie Addition for the construction and alteration and main-
tenance of a water system.

2.	To act on matters concerning the location and holding of the Municipal Court.

3.	To act on map of Lot 4 Block 1 Artesian Acres.

4.	To provide blanks, forms and supplies for an accounting system.

You will give notice in accordance with this call.

Respectfully yours,

	W. C German

R. W. Thomas.

Notice of Special Meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, and to each of you:

Pursuant to a call issued by W. C. German, and R. W Thomas, two Commissioners of the
said Board, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City will be held at
the Council Room of the said Board at the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada Tues-
day, the 20th day of August 1929 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. to take up and consider the
following matters set forth in such call, to-wit:

1.	To act upon the application of the South Nevada Land & Development Company for a per-
mit to use the street, and alleys of Wardie Addition for the construction, and alteration, and
maintenance of a water system.

2. To act upon matters concerning the location, and holding of the Municipal Court.

3. To act on the map of Lot 4 Block 1 in Artesian Acres.

4.	To provide blanks, forms, and supplies for an accounting system.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

Due service of the foregoing notice is hereby admitted this 20th day of August 1929. Mayor
Hesse, and O.J. Smith being absent on leave from the City of Las Vegas, and their exact where-
abouts being unknown and not easily ascertainable.

L.B. Hansell
W.C. German

R. W Thomas.

Commissioners.

The following application was presented to the Board:

Application for Permit to use Streets, and Alleys of Wardie Addition.

Las Vegas, Nevada,

Aug. 20th, 1929.

To the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

Application is hereby made to your Honorable Board for a Permit to install, lay
and maintain a water system in Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in accord-
ance with the form of permit presented herewith.

Respectfully yours,

South Nevada Land and Development Co;

By H. D. Buzick. 

Its Attorney in fact and authorized
 Agent.

M.	D. Buczick being present he present to the Board a Permit for the use of the streets,
and alleys of Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas.

A resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, and seconded by Commissioner Hansell
that the Permit be granted to the South Nevada Land & Development Co. that the Commission-
er Water Sewer, and Lights, L. B. Hansell, and City Clerk Viola Burns to act on behalf
of the City of Las Vegas. Resolution was carried by the following vote; Commissioners
German, Hansell, and Thomas voting Aye. Noes None.

C. D. Baker then present to the Board a map of Block 4 Lot one of Artesian Acres,
belonging to R. D. Bingham, and Wife, and A. H. Harrington, and wife for approval of the

Board