On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the poker
license of Wm. Jones be transferred from 217 Stewart to 306 No. 2nd Street.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Wed-
nesday the 7th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA.

JUNE 7th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of June 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett, and
Down, City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Arnett one slot machine
license was granted to S.R. Tyson, application being in proper form and money to cover same be-
ing on file with the City Clerk.	

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of parties interested in the licensing of "Keno" and "Tango" in
the City of Las Vegas appeared before the Board. After a lengthy discussion on the matter, on
motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolution was intro-
duced and passed:

RESOLVED, That in consideration of a letter from the Grand Jury Committee of Public
Morals ruling against the operation of Keno in the City of Las Vegas reading as follows:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

May 24, 1933.

Honorable Board of City Commissioners

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

Referring to your letter of May 24th, 1933, the Committee of Public Morals
made a report in full, and since that time have appeared in person before your Honorable
Body, and at this time see no reason for a change in their opinions.

Respectfully,

W.S. Park
O.L. Pieffer

The Grand Jury Committee on Public Morals.



no "Tango" or "keno" or similar licenses will be granted by this Board of Commissioners unless 
the written approval of the majority of the members of the Clark County Grand Jury for 1933, 
favoring the issuing of licenses for said game be received by this Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. noes none.

A number of persons interested in the passage of a "Milk Ordinance " for the City of
Las Vegas appeared before the Board at this time but no action was taken on the matter.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Down be granted a twenty day leave of absence.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Arnett and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Down not voting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 14th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.