OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 25th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the City enter into a contract with the Eureka Fire Hose Mfg. Co; for the purchase of
one thousand feet (1,000) of fire hose. Same to be delivered at once. Said contract to be
signed by the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas, and attest by the City
Clerk Viola Burns and with the City Seal. If at the time the payments fell due there was
not sufficient funds in the Police and Fire Fund to cover same the amount need was to be
borrowed from the General Fund, and same to be replaced as soon as possible from the Police
and Fire Fund. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith the follow-
ing Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, Carrie L. Blood was heretofore, the owner os Lots numbers twenty-nine
(29), thirty (30), thirty-one (31), and thirty-two (32), in Block number thirty-nine of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada,
from December 29th, 1927 to September 8th, 1930, and

Whereas said property is situated at the southwest corner of the intersection
of Clark and Fifth Streets, having a frontage of one hundred forty (140) feet on the South
side of Clark Street, and one hundred (100) feet on the West side os Fifth Street, and

Whereas under Ordinance No. 151, Assessment No. 13 of the City of Las Vegas
the following assessments were levied against each of said lots:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$52.20.

Lot 30,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$62.64.

Lot 31,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$73.08.

Lot 32,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$83.52, and

Whereas under Ordinance No. 152, Assessment No. 14 of the City of Las Vegas,
the following assessments were levied against each of said lots:

Lot 29,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$36.95

Lot 30,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$44.34

Lot 31,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$51.73

Lot 32,	Block	39,	Clark's	Las	Vegas	Townsite,	$59.12, and

Whereas said assessments have been confirmed and divided into installments
and said assessments were for the improvement of Clark Street, and the whole amount thereof
is unpaid, and

Whereas by deed dated, Sept. 8, 1930, Carrie L. Blood, a widow, sold and
conveyed the easterly sixty-seven (67) feet of said Lots 29, 30, 31, 32, to Helen C. Armistead,  
a widow, which deed was filed for record September 22, 1930, as document #37505, in
the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, State of Nevada and is recorded in Book
17	of Deeds at page 49	, said records, in which conveyance the purchaser,

Helen C. Armistead, agreed to assume 67/100ths of said assessments, and

Whereas, said Carrie L. Blood, a widow, still owns the westerly sixty-
seven (67) feet of said lots, and Helen C. Armistead, a widow, owns the easterly sixty-
seven (67) feet thereof, and

Whereas, said Carrie L. Blood and Helen Armistead have petitioned the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada in writing bearing the date
the 23rd day of September, 1930 to make an order directing the City Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas and requiring him to apportion the uncollected amounts of said assessments
upon the several parts of lands do divided, as follows:

Seventy-three one hundred and fortieths (73/140) of said assessments
to be apportion to and be a lien against the westerly seventy-three (73) feet of said lots
and sixty-seven one hundred and fortieths (67/140) of said assessments to be apportioned
to and be a lien against the easterly sixty-seven (67) feet of said lots.

Now Therefore, Be It Resolved, that the City Assessor be and he is
hereby required to apportion the uncollected amounts of said assessments upon the several
parts of the lands so divided, and report such apportionment back to this Board for con-
firmation.

Be It Further Resolved, that all proceedings hereunder shall be and are
hereby taken under Sec. 76 of the City Charter of the City of Las Vegas as amended in 1927,
as appears at page 249 of the 1927 Session Laws of the State of Nevada.

Be It Further Resolved, that a certified copy of this Resolution, certi-
fied by the City Clerk, be served upon the City Assessor.

Vote on said Resolution mss as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith,
and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Next the business of appointing a City Engineer as provided under
Ordinance No. 163 was brought before the Board. After due consideration the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith
the following Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that A. R. Thompson of Las Vegas, Nevada, be and he is hereby
appointed to the office of City Engineer of the City of Las Vegas, to hold office at the
pleasure of the Board; that as such City Engineer he shall have and perform the following
powers and duties, viz;

Under the direction and control of the Board of City Commissioners he
shall perform all the engineering and surveying required by the City, except such engineer-
ing work now under contract by the City with other parties, in the carrying on of any public
works and improvements, and prepare allestimates, plans, and specifications of any public
improvements or sidewalks. All maps. plats, profiles, field notes, estimates, and all other
memoranda of surveys and other professional work made or done by home or under his direction
or control shall be and continue to be the property of the city. He shall keep a book in

which he shall record each and every item of expense, soct or indebtedness incurred in the
making of any public improvement of laying of sidewalks, so that the actual cost of said