the Board of Commissioner have the crewfew law enforced. Chief of Police Nash was directed
to have the curfew bell rang at nine each night and to diesct to the officers on the Police
force to see that children were not allowed to loiter on the streets after that hour.

A letter from the County Clerk was read to the Board asking that the Police Officers
call the City Health Doctor for the prisoners and not the County Health Doctor. Mr. Nash
explained to the Board that the only time he had called the County Doctor was for the care
of indigents who were not in the City Jail. The City Attorney F.A. Stevens was directed to
write the County Board of Commissioners to that effect.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 19th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 19th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 19th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, German, Thomas and Hansell together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the gaming application of J.R. Boyer for the operation of two gaming
tables at 225 No. First street was presented to the Board. Same being approved by the Police
and Fire Commissioner Thomas, and being accompanied by $150.00.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Mayor Hesse it was moved that the
license be granted.

Vote on said motion was was follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Commissioners German, and Hansell voting no. Said application granted
by a vote of three in favor of and two against the granting of said license.

A committee from the American Legion appeared before the Board at this time in re-
gard to the building of a building on the park site to be used as city offices and rooms
for the Legion and general assembly hall. The committee was composed of Sam Shaw, Dr. Smith
W.L. Scott, A.E. Cahlan, A.R. Thompson.

At this time no action was taken, and the City Attorney was directed to look into the
legallity of the plans.

A letter from the Benham Engineering Company was read to the Board. Mr. Benham stated
he would like to appear before the Board at an early date and make arrangements for the trans-
fer of the contract held between the City of Las Vegas end Koebig and Koebig. The Clerk was
instructed to wire Mr. Benham and inform him that the Board would meet with him any time he
found convenient to be in the City.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, Prescribing Conditions, Requirements, and
Regulations for the Operation of Certain Vehicles over the paved Streets of the City of Las
Vegas, and Providing Penalties for the Violation of this Ordinance," was read to the Board
for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 20th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.