An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance No. 48 of the City of Las
Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas, licensing, for the purpose of regulation
and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried on within
the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of license tax
upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and punishment for carrying
on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordinances Nos. 1,2,4, 15,

14 and 35," as amended by Section 1 of Ordinance No. 81 of said City, by herein amending certain
subdivisions thereof and by adding certain other subdivisions, and to amend said Ordinance No. 48
by adding two new sections to be know as Sections Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to repeal
all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read fro a second time and passed
by the following vote: Commissioners Mundy, and German and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes
none.

The Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance published in the Las Vegas Evening Review
Journal, a daily newspaper, printed and published at Las Vegas for a period of One Week (six
issues). Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 184, and to be in full force and effect from
and after its final publication and on and after the 31st day of December, 1931.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 31st day of December, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 31st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 31st day of December, 1931 at the hour of th.ee o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas, City
Attorney Stevens end City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners German and Hansell.

At this time the Board took under consideration the granting of the gaming and slot
machine applications on file.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that a
license for the operation of 1 Pan, 1 Stud Poker, 1 Crap Game, 1 Twenty-one Game, 1 Rouellete
Wheel, and 1 Faro Bank game and six Slot Machine be granted to Mayme V. Stocker, owner the
Northern Club. Application being in proper form and the money to cover same being on file with
the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and. Thomas and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The application of Mayme V. Stocker for the operation of an Eighty Ball Keno Game
was laid over until the City Attorney investigated the legality of the game.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the gaming license applied for for the Las Vegas Amusement Corporation, Las Vegas Club and Boulder Club
all being in proper form and the money coverning the same being on file with the City be granted

Vote on raid motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas end Mundy and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the following slot machine licenses be granted, all applications being in proper form and the
money coverning the same being on file with the Clerk:

Mayme V. Stocker	1

L.V. Pharmacy	3

P.O.	"	3

Professional Drug	3

White X	3

Jack Weisberger	2

Warren A. Kime	1

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Mundy and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned