the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board room of said Board on Monday the 1st day of May
at the hour of 3:45 P.M. o'clock of said day, to consider and act upon the consolidation of
the County and City Health Officers. You will govern yourself accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

We, the undersigned, being the Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, do hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting on the 1st day
of May, 1933.

E.W. Cragin	W.B. Mundy

Mayor.	W.C. German

L.B. Hansell

Commissioners.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy German and
Hansell, Commissioner Thomas being notified of the meeting but not attending,

At this time the Board entered into a discussion as to the consolidation of the City
and County Health Officers. After a lengthy discussion on the matter on motion of Com-
missioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried that no action
either by the Mayor or Board of Commissioners be taken, and that the City Health Officer
remain as is.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell voting Aye.
Noes none. His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin not voting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of May, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.m.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk Approved by the Mayor.

Moneys received for the month of April as follows:

$1,738.50 Municipal Court Fines

6,852.25	Licenses and Fees.

450.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

____100.08 Collections for St. Fund.

9,140.83 Total.

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$4,000.00 General Fund.

4,590.75	P and F Fund.

450.00	Cemetery Fund
100.08 Street Fund.

9,140.83 Total.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the beer license issued to J.J. Murphy and Jake Goodfried for 6 Ogden Street
be transferred to a new location at 220½ No. 1st St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the application of L.L. Arnett and John Graglia for seven slot machine licenses
be granted. Application being in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the
Clerk.

Vote on motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
carried that the City enter into a contract with the Eureka Fire Hose Mfg. Co. for the
purchase of 500 feet of Paragon fire hose, terms four months net.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A petition from a number of property owners asking permission to have a sewer line
laid in Block 5 Hawkins Addition to the City of Las Vegas. City Engineer Thompson was
directed to check the petition and verify the ownership the the lots and the percentage
of the interested property owners signing said petition.