The following resolution was then read to the Board:

ORDER VACATING PORTION OF THE PLAT OF WARDIE ADDITION TO THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK, COUNTY, STATE OF NEVADA.

On motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas and duly carried
the following Preambles, and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, on the 10th day of May, 1929, and application by the way of a written pet-
ition, signed by all of the owners of the land in the portion of the hereinafter mentioned
plat, proposed to be vacated praying for the vacation of a certain unoccupied portion of the
Plat of Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, which is
of record in Book 1 of Plats page 13, Clark County, Nevada Records, was filed with, and pre-
sented to the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas at a recessed regular meet-
ing of said Board held on said date, the portion of said Plat proposed to be vacated being
hereinafter more particularly described, and set forth in the Order made under the Resolution
herein, and the owners so signing said petition and the parcels of land owned by them respectively
 are described as follows:

Jos. B. Evans, owner of lot No. 18 in Block 22 of said Addition.

Jas. P. Burton, owner of lot No. 19 in Block 22 of said Addition.

South Nevada Land & Development Company, a corporation, owner of Blocks "C2 and
"D" in said Addition.

Miller-Busick Corporation, a corporation, owner of all of Block No. 13; lots Nos.

11 to 22, both numbers inclusive in Block No. 21; lots Nos. 11 to 22, both numbers inclusive
in Block No. 21; lots Nos. 6 to 17 both numbers inclusive in Block No. 22; all in said
Addition, and

Whereas, on the said 10th day of May 1929, order was duly made, and entered upon

the minutes of the said Board of City Commissioners that a copy of the said petition should

be published once a week for four consecutive weeks in a newspaper of general circulation
published in the said City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, there was on the 7th day of June 1929, filed with the City Clerk of the said

City of Las Vegas, and affidavit of C. P. Squires, publisher of the Las Vegas, Age, a tri-

weekly newspaper of general circulation, printed and published at Las Vegas, Nevada, to the
effect that a copy of such petition had been published in the said Las Vegas Age once
a week for four consecutive weeks, Namely on May 14, May 21, May 28, and June 4th, 1929, and
said petition and said affidavit of publication are on file among the records of said City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and

Whereas, this 5th day of July 1929 is the next regular meeting of the said Board
of City Commissioners after the filing of said application, and proof of publication, and

Whereas, the Board of City COMMISSIONERS of the said City of Las Vegas have this
5th day of July 1929, at a recessed regular meeting of said Board, heard, and considered said
Petition, and no one having made or filed any objection to or contested the matters set forth
in said Petition, and it appearing to the satisfaction of this Board that neither the public
nor any person will materially injured thereby, upon the making of the order prayed for,
and it further appearing that said portion of said plat, hereinafter more particularly de-
scribed, has for more than five years prior to the filing of said application and petition
remained unoccupied, and the streets, and alleys thereof are not necessary to the use and /
or convenience of residents of the occupied portions of said Plat, and that said unoccupied.
portions of said plat is now unoccupied, and that such unoccupied portion of said Plat is
bounded or, the Southerly side by the southerly boundary of said Plat, and that all of the mat-
ters hereinabove recited are true, and that the publication of said copy of s id petition has
been made as required by law, and the Order of this Board,	

Be it resolved that it be and is hereby ordered that said portion of said Plat in of
Wardie Addition to the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark State of Nevada, and the
streets, and alleys therein, be and the same are hereby vacated as follows;

Commencing at the Northwest (NW) corner of Block Thirteen (13) said Addition, and running
thence three hundred (300) feet Southeasterly along the Northerly boundary Line of said
Block Thirteen (13) to the Northeast corner of said Block thirteen (13): thence northerly
eighty (80) feet to the Southeast corner of Block Fourteen (14) in said Addition; thence
eighty (80) feet in an Easterly direction across Ninth Street to the Southwest corner of
Block Twenty-one (21) in said Addition; thence Northerly one hundred fifty (150) feet along
the Westerly boundary of said Block twenty-one (21) to the southwest corner of lot ten (10)
in said Block twenty-one (21); thence easterly one hundred forty (140) feet along the Souther-
ly boundary of said lot ten (10) to the Southeast corner of said lot ten (10); thence Easterly 
across the alley running Northerly and southerly through said Block twenty-One  (21)
a distance of twenty feet (20) to the Southwest corner of Lot twenty-three (23) in said Block
twenty-one (21); Thence Southeasterly one hundred forty (140) feet to the Southeast corner of
lot twenty-three (23) in said Block twenty-one (21); thence Northeasterly one hundred twenty-
five (125) feet to the Northeast corner of lot twenty-seven (27) in Block twenty-one (21); thence
southeasterly eighty (80) feet across Tenth Street to the Southwest corner of lot five (5)
in Block twenty-two (22) in said Addition; thence Southeasterly along the Southerly line of
said lot five (5) one hundred forty (140) feet to- the Southeast corner of said lot five (5)
thence Southeasterly twenty (20) feet across the alley running northerly, and southerly through
said Block twenty-two (22) to a point on the Easterly line of said alley; thence at a right
angle Northeasterly a distance of one hundred twenty-five (125) feet to the Northwest corner
of lot nineteen (19) in said Block twenty-two (22); thence southeasterly along the Northerly
line of said lot nineteen (19) one hundred forty (140) feet to the Northeast corner of said
lot nineteen (19); thence Southeasterly along the Northerly line of said Block twenty-two 

(22) projected southeasterly to a point on the East line of said Wardie Addition; thence Southerly
point on the East line of said Addition; thence Southerly along the East line of said Addition
one hundred forty-five and eight-tenths (145.8) feet to the southeast corner of said Addition
thence westerly thirteen hundred nineteen and six-tenths (1319.6) feet along the Southerly
line of said Addition to the Southwest corner of said Addition; thence Northerly forty (40)
feet along the West line of said Addition to a point; thence Easterly parallel to the South
line of said Addition forty-four (44) feet to a point on the West Line of of Block Thirteen
(13) in said Addition; thence Northeasterly two hundred sixteen (216) feet along the West line
Block thirteen (13) in said Addition to the point of beginning.

Be it Further Resolved that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas certify to
the passage and adoption of the foregoing Preambles and Resolution, constituting the Order
of this Board, and cause the same to be recorded in the office of the County Recorder of
Clark County, State of Nevada, after having notarial acknowledgement to her signature to
such certification. The vote on said resolution was as follows:

Commissioners, Smith, Hansell, German, Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None,

The appointing of the Electrical Inspector came before the Board at this time, and
after a lengthy discussion no decision was reached, and the matter was laid over till the
next meeting of the Board.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recess until Tuesday the 9th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.