OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.

JANUARY 3rd 1930.

a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 3rd day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Clerk instructed to write to the Public Service Commission and find out if and extension
of time had been grated to the Las Vegas Gas Co;

City Attorney to write to the Union Pacific Rail Road System care of W. R. Bracken to find

out if the City would be given land to use for the purposed new sewer disposal plant.

The Following Resolution was read to the Board.

RESOLUTION TO THE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS

WHEREAS the Board of Education of Las Vegas Union School District proposes to construct
a sewer connecting the new High School grounds with the present sewer system by the way of the
alley between Seventh and Eighth Streets from Bridger to Fremont Street, and

WHEREAS said Board of Education believes that owners of adjoining property now without
sewer service should be afforded the benefit of connecting on this sewer, and

WHEREAS, if they do so they should bear their just proportion of the construction expense
and are willing to do so, provided that they are not again assessed for similar improvements
under the proposed new city sewer system,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that said Board of Education requests the Board of City
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to take such steps as may be necessary to insure said pro-
perty owners against the payment of a double assessment for the lateral sewer connections by de-
claring the proposed High School sewer a part of the proposed new sewer system, or by some other
method which they may determine upon as legally and economically sound.

Signed O.K. Adcock

President of Board of Education.

E. H. Huntung

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada,	Secretary of the Board of Education.

December 27th, 1929.

The members of the Board entered into a general discussion about the fore going
Resolution, but no decision was reached, and the matter was laid over for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 6th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 6th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 6th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hess, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and German,

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the City
donate the sum of $50.00 to the Las Vegas Rotary Club for their Municipal Christmas Tree fund. Said
$50.00 to be taken from the Publicity Fund. Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith and Thomas and his
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed un-
til Tuesday the 7th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, NEVADA,
JANUARY 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
egas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 7th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, City Attorney, and Clerk.
Absent Commissioners German and Smith.

There being no business to come before the Board upon motion of Commissioner Thomas
Seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that the meeting recess until Thursday the 9th day
of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes None.