On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried the the following be granted gambling licenses for the third quarter year. All
applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Las Vegas Club, C.F.Reid, Pache Club, J.H. Morgan, and Big Four Club.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.
Commissioners Ward and Marble being excused.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following slot
machine licenses for the third quarter year were granted:

Ralph Purdy 1, Cal Sagev Restaurant 2, Art Schreiber 10, Apache Bar 4, APache Cafe 2.

All applications being in proper form and money on	file with	the clerk to	cover same.

Vote was Commissioners Down and	Farnsworth and	His	Honor the	Mayor voting	aye.	Noes,	none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following be issued beverage licenses for the third quarter year, E.A.Francis
for the Sal Sagev Restaurant, Vera Magness and Babe Stevens.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the Mission Tavern be granted a	tavern license	for	the third	quarter year.	

Vote was Commissioners Down and	Farnsworth and	His	Honor the	Mayor voting	aye.	Noes,	none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourn-
ed.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 6th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las V gas held
on the 6th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward and City Attorney and Clerk.

Application of Fred Sifford for permission to operate gambling games at 17 Fremont Street
was read to the Board, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth
it was moved and carried that said J. Fred Sifford be granted a license for gambling games at 17
Fremont Street.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting eye.
noes, none.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.
Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the salary of the Chief of Police be raised from $225.00 per month to $250.00 per month
same to be effective at once.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner Ward voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the third quarter year be granted. Money to cover
the same being on file with the Clerk and applications being in proper form:

J.M. Sills 2 slot machine	Jack Weisberger 1 slot machine

Karl Hovey	5	Race Horse machine	State Cafe	2	"	"

Profession Drug	2	W.J. Lincon	1	"	"

Sam Stearns	3	Frank Kernan	3	"	"

R. Lowry	2	A.F.Smith Jr.	1	"	"

A.E. King Ellison 2	Sal Sagev Tavern Inc.4 slot machines

Venis Lancaster	1	Sam Stearns	1	"	"

J.R. Mc Michael	2	E.H. Elmer	1	"	"

P. Pansey	3	Peter Pansy	2	"	"

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the gaming licenses for the Northen Club and the Boulder Club Inc. be issued for
the third quarter year. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk
to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that a retail beverage license be granted to B. Johnson at 612 South Fifth St.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.