OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

The reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge Morse approved by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the Office of the
City Clerk.

Moneys received for the month of March as follows:

$50,158.34 Sale of Sewer Bonds.

2,643.00	Poll Tax

60.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

84.75	W.S. & L. Permits

3,028.00	Municipal Court Fines.

6,318.50 Licenses and fees.

62,292.59

Moneys proportioned as follows:

$50,158.34 Sewer Bond Fund

2,643.00	Street Fund.

60.00	Cemetery Fund

84.75	W.S. & L. Fund

4,000.	00 P and F Fund

1,000.	00 Street Fund
4,346.50 General Fund

62,292.59 Total.

A letter from the Las Vegas Police Dept, was read to the Board reporting that the
sanitary conditions of the cabins on wheel on North First St. and Bill's Cafe about the same
location was in need of attention. Mayor Cragin informed the Board that he would take the
matter up with the City Health Doctor F.R. Mildren.

Mr. Green, representing Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City of Las
Vegas on the sewer system and disposal plant appeared before the Board with the first estimate
on the contract of the Fuller Construction Co. Said claim being properly approved the Clerk
was authorized to draw a warrant on the Seer Bond Fund to cover same.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following
preamble and Resolution were duly adopted:

sewer

Whereas the consulting engineer on the Construction of the Sanitary system and
disposal has recommended to the Board the use of a certain quantity of 1-3-5 mix concrete set
up for use in the connection with the reinforcement on the main pipe where needed, and the
same is necessary to protect the pipe from crushing under excessive backfill load and further
to protect the pipe from being crushed where constructed in shallow cuts, and it is estimated
that there will be used approximately 100 cubic yards of this material, and there is not unit
price bid on this type of concrete in the existing contract with the contractor Fuller Con-
struction Company, and said contractor has agreed to furnish and place the same at a unit
price of $12.00 per cubic yard,

Now, therefore be it resolved that a memorandum be entered into between said
City, the same to be signed by the Mayor, and attested by the City Clerk, and said Fuller
Construction Company, acting by A.M. Barker, its authorized agent, to cover the furnishing
of said material for the above-named uses and purposes.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

On Motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following
gaming licenses were granted. Applications being in proper order and money to cover same be-
ing on file with the City Clerk:

Las Vegas Amusement Corporation.

Wm. Jones,

A.T. McCarter.

Las Vegas Club
Boulder Club Inc.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German a license
for one Poker table was granted to A.E.Witt, at 118 South First St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

This was a new application.

The application for J.R. Boyer still being held over.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German the follow-
ing were granted slot machine licenses. Applications being in proper form and money to cover
same being on file with the Clerk.

W.E.Ferron,

A.T.Spatz & W.A.Ferguson
Y. Ito

A.H Linenthal
G.E.Robinson

E.E Masten

	Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.