BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas be and she is hereby
authorized and directed to have official ballots prepared and to do and perform all such
other or further acts, and give such notices as may be necessary or required by the charter
of said City or by the general election laws of the State of Nevada, in order that said
election may be called and held, and that the qualified voters of said City may have due
notice thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all provisions of the general election laws of the State of
Nevada, so far as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with the said City Charter
of the said City of Las Vegas, shall be observed in conducting said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor, or Mayor Pro. Tem. of said City of Las Vegas, be
and he is hereby authorized an directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the holding
of said election, and that such proclamation contain the information necessary to fairly
apprize the qualified voters of said City of Las Vegas of the date, time and place of holding
and purposes of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, THAT SUCH PROCLAMATION BE PUBLISHED IN THE Las Vegas Review-Journal,
a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of
Neva a, for one issue not less than six weeks prior to the date of such election,

he ballot at such election shall contain such further questions as may properly submitted
to the vote of the qualified electors of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the appointing of two members of the Planning Commission was brought before
the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that J.P. King and A.C. Granted be appointed to serve on the Planning Commission. Said terms
to expire May 25th, 1938.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the City call for bids on a fire truck. That the specifications for said fire
truck be prepared by H. Case, chief of the Las Vegas Fire Dept.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The business of having the Fire Marshall paid by the City of Las Vegas was next presented
to the Board, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was
moved and carried that Leon Rockwell, Fire Marshall of the City of Las Vegas be placed on a
salary of $100.00 per months for two months. That is to say from the 10th day of March, 1935,
to the 20th day of May, 1935, to take care of fire hazards now existing in the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the beverage license granted to Lee Shelly be transferred to Chris C. Giesecke.
Application appeared in proper form.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday March 22nd, 1935.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 22nd, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 22nd of March 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German,
and Down and Marble, City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time a petition was presented to the Board signed by a number of tavern owners
asking that the hours for the playing of music in taverns be extended from 2 o'clock A.M. to
four o'clock A.M. Said petition was turned to W.C. German, Police and Fire Commissioners and
he was directed to have the matter investigated by the police department to ascertain if it
would be tb the best interest of the parties interested to change said hours.

At this time the signing of the contract for the supplying of the City with lamps for
the various departments was considered, and the awarding of said contract was turned to
Jas. H. Down, Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the first day of April, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.