On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following be appointed to serve on the said Board of Examiners and Appeals:

Ryland Taylor, as the Lawyer member of the Board.

A.L. Worswick, as the practicing architect.

Sam J. Shaw, Roscoe Hampton, and Harrison Stocks as those who are competent builders,

and qualified to serve on said Board.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk thereupon was directed to notify said parties as to their appointment on said
Board.

A.W. Blackman, Auditor for the City appeared before the Board at this time and discussed
the finances of the City with the members of the Board, and the conditions of the funds of
the various departments of the City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 29th day of August, 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 29th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 29th day of August, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Minutes of all meetings from June 3rd, 1935 to August 15th 1935 read and approved
as read.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to L.L. Arnett. Application being in proper form
and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk presented to the Board at this time the deed from the Las Vegas Country
Club covering the deeding of the ground used as a golf club to the City of Las Vegas.

Said deed had been recorded so that the City might get its tax exemption.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that the deed from the Las Vegas County Club deeding to the City of Las Vegas
the site of the said club be accepted and filed in the office of the Clerk.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the motion introduced and passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board
of City Commissioners held on the 1st day of August, 1935, directing the Mayor, L.L. Arnett
to make application for $50,000.00 loan from the F.E.R.A. of the Public Works Administra-
tion be rescinded. Said loan in the sum of $50,000.00 to be used in street improvement
work, and after consideration on the matter the sum of $50,000.00 did not seem ample for
the cost of said improvement.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

At appling to the United States of American through the Public Works for a loan
and grant to aid in the financing of street improvement work was next considered, and
on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the City apply to the United States for a loan and grant for the financing of
street improvement work.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble the following
Application Resolution was introduced and passed:

A Resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to file an application to the United
States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan
and grant to aid in financing the construction or purchase and remodeling of a Municipal
Power System and incidental facilities and designating L.L. Arnett, Mayor, to furnish
such information as the Government may request.

"BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas;

1.	That L.L. Arnett, Mayor, be and he is authorized to execute and file
and application on behalf of the City of Las Vegas to the United State
of America for a loan and grant to aid in financing the construction

or purchase of a Municipal Power System and incidental facilities;

2.	That L.L. Arnett, Mayor, Barry Dibble, Engineer, Viola Burns, City
Clerk, and Ryland Taylor, City Attorney, are hereby authorized and
directed to furnish such information as the United States of America
through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works may reason-
ably request in connection with the application which is herein author-
ized to be filed."