All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge Approved by the Mayor.

Money received for the month of December 1934 as follows:

$12,569.62 Licenses, fees and misc. collections
46,472.77 Taxes and assessments received from the County Treasurer

455.95 Garbage fees

55.00	Sale of cemetery lots

801.00	Poll tax

87.00	Street materials sold

1.00	Broken street light

261.00	Municipal Court Fines
$60,703.34 Total

Money proportioned as follows:

$456.95	W.S. & L. Fund

888.00	Street Fund

55.00	Cemetery Fund

59,303 .39 Proportioned as per budget spread, (see journal entries Dec. 1934.)

$60,703.34 Total

At this time the City Clerk presented to the Board a certain claim of Fred Schultz
wherein and whereby the said Fred Schultz presented a claim for personal injuries, to said
City in the sum of $75,000.00.

After due discussion and consideration it was moved oh motion of Commissioner Arnett
seconded by Commissioner Marble and carried that the follow ng Resolution be adopted:

RESOLVED: That the claim of Fred Schultz in the sum of $75,000.00 be and the same
is hereby, rejected and disallowed for the reason that said notice and demand was not filed
under and pursuant to the provisions of Section 1259 N.C.L. 1929; that the same is deficient
in that it does no set forth the nature of the demand: that the said City of Las Vegas is not
responsible to the said Fred Schultz for any damages by said Fred Schultz sustained, and that
said City was not negligent in any manner whatsoever, and therefore said claim and demand is
hereby denied, rejected and disallowed; an denies that said City is answerable to said Fred
Schultz in the sum of $75,000.00, or any other sum whatsoever, or at all;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be instructed to forward to said Fred
Schultz a certified copy of this resolution.

The vote on the foregoing Resolution was Commissioners Marble, German, Down and Arnett,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The City Clerk presented to the Board a certain claim of Dave Holland wherein and whereby
the said Dave Holland presented a claim for personal injuries, to said City in the sum of
$51,100.00.

After due discussion and consideration it was moved on motion of Commissioner Down
seconded by Commissioner Arnett that the following resolution be adopted:

RESOLVED: That the claim of Dave Holland in the sum of $51,100.00 be, and the same is
hereby, rejected and disallowed for the reason that said notice and demand was not filed
under and pursuant to the provisions of Section 1259 N.C.L. 1929; that the same is deficient in
that it does not set forth the nature of the demand; that the said City of Las Vegas is not
responsible to the said Dave Holland for any damages by the said Dave Holland sustained, and that
the said City was not negligent in any manner whatsoever, and therefore said claim and demand
is hereby denied, rejected and disallowed; and denies that the said City is answerable to the
said Dave Holland in the sum of $51,100.00, or any other sum whatsoever, or at all;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, That the City Clerk be instructed to forward to the said Dave
Holland a certified copy of this Resolution.

The vote on the foregoing resolution was: Commissioners Marble, German and Down and Arnett,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of liquor, beverage, slot machine, and gaming applications were
presented to the Board for consideration.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that the following beverage licenses be granted for 5½% beverages. Applications being
in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Babe s Stevens, R.F. Lehman, W.R. Van Eaton, J.M. Monahan, The Market Spot Vera Magness,

The Fountain Grill, Safeway Stores Inc; White Spot Cafe, U.P.R.R. Eating House, Bert Smith Inc;

L and K Market, Lee Shelly, Oral Curtis, Ben Chapin, Gay Chatterton and Clare McNerney.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett Seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following tavern licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same. Amount of license being $250.00.

Brown Derby by Earl Moser, Pilar Santa Cruz, and R.D. Gard.

Vote being called as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that M.E.Ward and M.S. Pinjuv be granted retail 20% beverages calling for a license
of $30.00 each and The Las Vegas Pharmacy and White Cross Drug store be granted sealed package
licenses at the rate of $50.00 each. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the
clerk to cover the same.

Vote on the above motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.