cessed until the 26th day of September at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF TEE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 26th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of tbs City
of Las Vegas, held on the 26th day of September, 1932, at the hour of three o'clock F.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

A number of restaurant owners appeared before the Board in regard to the passage
of a sanitation ordinance governing restaurants, cafes and other places where food is
sold. The Reno ordinance was read and considered. No definite action was reached at this
time and the passage of the ordinance laid over to some future date.

The Board then entered into a discussion on the appointing of a Chief of Police
for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that Percy Nash be appointed Chief of Police for the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and His Honor
the Mayor voting no. Commissioners Hansell and Thomas voting yes.

No further action on the matter was taken at this meeting.

Minutes of a number of previous meetings were read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 29th day of September, 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 29th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 29th day of September 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor, E.W.Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell City Clerk and City Attorney.

Carl Ray appeared before the Board at this time asking for permission to connect with
the sewer main on Gass St. between 4th and 5th Sts. No action was taken on this matter until
investigated by the City Attorney.

This being the time set for the opening of bids for the first sixteen sewer bonds of the
1932 issue and a bid being received by the Board of Commissioners from the First State Bank the
Clerk was directed to open the same. Bid being as follows:

For all or any part of these bonds, bearing Six Percent per annum, par and accrued interested
 date of delivery, subject to the approval of validity by its attorney.

This bid was laid over for further consideration.

	Bi-monthly salary bills allowed at this time.

The matter of the City helping with the care of the needy through the winter months was
considered by the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
City serve meals to persons recommended by the Red Cross as being worthy of receiving aid, to
the extent of $50.00 per months. These meals to be served at the City Stockade from food pre-
pared there.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
gaming licenses applied for by E. Noon and the Boulder Club Inc. be granted. Applications
being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.