There upon motion of Commissioner O.J. Smith, seconded by Commissioner R. W. Thomas
the following preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, pursuant to the order, judgment and Writ of Mandate of the District Court of
the Tenth Judicial District of the State of Nevada, in and for the County of Clark, State of
Nevada the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada did
on the 3rd day of April, 1930, issue a call for a special City lection to be held in said
City on the 23rd day of April, 1930, at which election should Be submitted the question as
to whether Mayor J. F. Hesse should be recalled from such office, and it appearing to this
Board that provision should at once be made by it for said election,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a special City Election be, and the same is hereby
ordered to be held in said City of Las Vegas on the 23rd day of April 1930 for the purpose
aforesaid, and at the places and in the manner hereinafter set forth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of an Act
of the State of Nevada, entitled "an Act to provide for the recall of public officers in
the State of Nevada," approved March 26, 1913, and Section 4 of an Act of the State of Nevada
entitled "An Act to amend an Act Entitled 'An act to incorporate the town of Las Vegas, in
Clark County, and defining the boundaries thereof, and to authorize the establishing of a
City government therefore, and other matters relating thereto,' approved March 16, 1911, by
amending section 2 of Chapter 1 and sections 2,3,4,5,6, 10 and 14 of Chapter 2 thereof, and
by adding a new section to be known as section 5½ to chapter 2 thereof, approved March 11,
1929, and in compliance with other laws relating to the subject of special elections in said
City of Las Vegas, said City of Las Vegas be, and it is hereby divided into five election
precincts as follows: to-wit:

Precinct No. 1, which shall extend from the center line of Ogden Street south to the
center line of Carson Street, and west from the center line of Fifth Street to the west
City Limits; Precinct No. 2, which shall extend south from the center line of Carson Street
to the center line of Clark Street, and west from the and west from the center line of
Fifth Street to the west City limits; Precinct No. 3 which shall extend south from the
center line of Clark Street to the south city limits, and west from the center line of
Fifth Street to the west city limits; Precinct No. 4, which shall extend East from the center
line of Fifth Street to the east city limits; Precinct No. 5, which shall extend North from
the center line of Ogden Street to the North City limits.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the polling places in said election precincts shall be and
they are established as follows: to-wit;

For Precinct No. 1, at the City Fire House, situate on lot 23 in Block 15 Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite.

For Precinct No. 2, at the building known as the Public library building situate in
Block 20 of Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

For Precinct No. 3, at the garage of Clark Forwarding Co; situate on the rear of lot
No. 26 in Block 7, of said Townsite.

For Precinct No. 4, at and in the rear room of the Latter Day Saints Church on the N.W.
corner of Sixth and Carson Streets in Hawkins Addition to Las Vegas.

For Precinct No. 5, at and in the store room opening on Stewart Street in the Gateway
Hotel Building at the corner of Main & Stewart Streets in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that inspectors and clerks of election for each of said elect-
ion precincts shall be as follows, to-wit:

PRECINCT No. 1. Voting Board:
Inspectors:

Clara Wadsworth
Alice M. Day
Mary Taylor

Clerks:

Leona May
Ruth B. Harvey

PRECINCT No. 2, Voting Board:
Inspectors:

Luetta Gill
Luella B. Hansell
Emma M. Schuyler

Clerks:

Minerva Hanford
Dorothy Roth

PRECINCT No. 3 Voting Board:
Inspectors:

Anna L. Pieffer
Sarah L. Furlong
Agnes Mott

Clerks:

Josie Thompson
Callie J. Paulus

PRECINCT No. 4, Voting Board,
Inspectors:

Emily Ball
Ruth Cahlan
Julia P. Mundy

Clerks:

Marie Ogle
Gladys Stinson

PRECINCT No. 1 Counting Board:
Inspectors:

Kate Santongue
Josephine Johnson
Racie Goodwin

Clerks:

Daisy Nungesser
Ethel M. Kent.

PRECINCT No. 2, Counting Board:
Inspectors:

Pearl Payne
Annie B. Dotson
Julia Cahlan

Clerks:

Lottie Mc Kenzie
Hilda Pine.

PRECINCT No. 3, Counting Board:
Inspectors:

Minnie Davison
Ruth Griffith
Mamie Croal

Clerks:

Olive Eglington
Leadith Fulton

PRECINCT No. 4, Counting Board,
Inspectors:

Ethel Roberts
Harriette Hemphill
Elizabeth M. Carmichael

Clerks:

Alice Ryerse
Rachel Barlow