OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JUNE 8th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 8th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, City Clerk and City Attorney.

This being the time set for the consideration and the final passage of an ordinance govern-
ing Sunday Closing in the City of Las V gas the Board at once took this under consideration.

Attorney Geo. Marshall, representing a number of operators of grocery stores opposing the
passing of the ordinance appeared before the Board and ask that the said ordinance not be passed.

Mr. Wangsgard and and Mr. Blanding appeared before the Board asking that the matter be deferred
 to a later date so that they might secure legal advice as they were in favor of the Sunday
closing.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter the ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance Requiring
Establishments For The Sale of Foods Intended For Human Consumption To Close On Sunday And Pro-
viding Penalties For The Violation Thereof, And Other Matters Relating Thereto," was read for a
second time and failed to pass by the follow ng vote: Commissioner Down voting aye. Commissioners
Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting no.

The probability of giving a concession permission to operate at the ball park through the
summer season was considered and Commissioner Marble was directed to investigate the matter and
report to the Board at an early date.

A letter from the State Highway Department was read to the Board stating that approxim-
ately $3,000.00 was remaining in the fund to be used on the improvement of North Fifth Street
and South Main Street and it was suggested in the letter that the City proceed with the oil
finish on said streets and that the said $3,000.00 would apply on that improvement and the City
would furnish about $8,000.00 more materials.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded By Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the City Engineer C.D.Baker investigate and check this matter and report to the Board before
further action should be taken.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A representative of the Labor Council appeared before the Board and stated that the Labor
Council heartily approved of the City having municipal power and stated that the Council had gone
on record at a meeting held the first part of the year as such.

Mr. Taylor and Mr. Arnett each reported to the Board on their trip to Washington D.C. to
testify before the Interstate Commission in behalf of the Transcontinental Western Airlines
for permission to operate and airline through the City of Las Vegas.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Friday the 12th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 12th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on the 12th day of June, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Ward.

A number of citizens from Woodlawn Park Tract in the City of Las Vegas appeared before the
Board in regard to having that sub-division zoned and making it strictly a residential district.

They were informed that some action would be taken at the meeting of the Board of Commissioners
 to be Held Monday night June 15th, 1936.

The granting of a concession for the sale of soft drinks at the ball park during the time
the soft ball league would be playing was brought before the Board for consideration. No action
was taken. Mr. Marble stated to the Board he had under consideration two or three possible
propositions.

Minutes of the meetings of November 19-20-27, and December 4-6-11-14-18-20-21-30 read
and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday June 15th, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.