CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY
NEVADA.

JUNE 23rd, 1936.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 23rd day of June, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward,

City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

This meeting being the time set for a conference with the Officials of the Western Air
express Company and Mr. Alvin Adams, President, and Leo Dwerlkotte, Sec-Treas, Walter Bond Field
Manager, and Robert Campbell of the Dept. of Air Commerce being present the Board of Commis-
sioners at once entered into a discussion with them in regard to the Western Air Express managing
the municipal air port for the City of Las Vegas and a tentative agreement was read to the
Board by Mr. Adams. No definite action was taken on the same, but it with its amendments end alter-
ation would be considered by the Board at a meeting to be held sometime in the very near future.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— Viola Burns, City Clerk

City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called to
be held in the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's office, in the City of Las Vegas,

Nevada, Wednesday the 24th day of June, 1936, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and
act upon the following matters:

1.	To consider and act upon a Resolution authorizing the City to change an application to the
F.E.A. to Public Works from a loan and grant to an application for grant only. Said grant
to be used for construction of street, curb and gutter work.

2.	To consider and act upon a Resolution authorizing the City to change and application to the
F.E.A. to Public Works from a loan and grant to an application for grant only. Said grant

to be used for the securing of a municipal power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas.
Dated this 24th day of June, 1936.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down,

David Farnsworth, H.P. Marble and M.E.Ward, Commissioners
YON AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in the said City on
Wednesday the 24th day of June, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on said day to consider and
act upon the following matters:

1. To consider and act upon a Resolution authorizing the City to change an application to

the F.E.A to Public Works from a loan and grant to an application for grant only. Said grant
to be used for construction of street, curb and gutter work.

2.	To consider and act upon a Resolution authorizing the City to change an application to the
F.E. A. to Public Works from a loan and grant to an application for grant only. Said grant
to be used for the securing of a municipal power plant end system for the city of Las Vegas.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

We, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit due service
of the foregoing notice.

L.L.	Arnett	Jas. H. Down	David Farnsworth

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

M.E.Ward	H.P. Marble

Commissioner	Commissioner

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, VEGAS, NEVADA.

JUNE 24th, 1936

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
 the 24th ay of June, 1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, City
Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.