And he is authorized to pay a price therefor not exceeding the sum of Twelve, (12.00)
Dollars per acre, and the necessary funds for the purchase are ordered disbursed as in the
manner and amounts as. the Mayor shall direct the same.

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett, voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting then recessed and adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

NOVEMBER 19th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held Tuesday the 19th day of November, 1935 at the hour
of one fifteen o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward,
Mayor Arnett, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk Viola Burns.

The business of consummating the transferring of the deed of land from one Mabel Brentner
to the City of Las Vegas was at once brought before the Board, and on motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following Preambles and Resolution were duly
adopted:

WHEREAS, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY granted to the Mayor on the 16th day of November, 1935
a contract was, on the 18th day of November, 1935, entered into for and on behalf of the City
with one, Mabel Brenter, for the purchase of the following described property:

ALL of that part of Section Thirty-six (36) Township Twenty (20) South,

Range Sixty-one (61) East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian, described as follows:

The East Half (E½) and the East Half (E½) of the Southwest quarter, (SW¼),
and all of the Northwest Quarter (NW¼) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼) except
that part which is included in the plat of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1, as shown
by map thereof in Book 2 Plats, Page 2, in the office of the County Recorder of
Clark County, Nevada. Also all of Blocks Five (5) and Six (6) of Sunrise Park
Tract No. l. (One) as shown by map thereof on file in Book 2 Plats at Page 2,
in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada.

a copy of which contract is in words, form and figures as follows:

A G R E E M E N T

This Agreement made and entered into this 18th day of November, 1935, by and between
MABEL BRENTNER, the surviving widow of LUTHER L. BRENTNER, the Party of the First Part, and
the CITY OF LAS VEGAS, a Municipal Corporation, in the Gounty of Clark, State of Nevada,
the Party of the Second Part:

W I T N E S S E T H

That the Party of the First Part for and in consideration of the sum of Fifty-one Hundred

and Forty Dollars, hereby agrees to sell to the party of the Second Part the following res-
cribed property:

All the east half (E½) and all of the north half of southwest quarter (N½SW¼) and
and all of the southeast quarter of southwest quarter (SE¼ SW¼) of Section 36,

Township 36, South, Range 61 East. M.D.B. &M., Clark County, containing 440 acres,
more or less, according to government survey thereof,
under the terms and conditions following:

For the total price of Fifty-One Hundred Forty Dollars, net to the party of the first
part, Five Hundred (500) Dollars of which is paid this date to the Party of the First Part,
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the remainder and residue of said purchase price shall
be paid at the time and manner hereinafter stated:

The Party of the First Part will on or before twenty days from the date hereof execute
and cause to be delivered to the Party of the Second Part a good and sufficient grant, bargain
and sale deed conveying to the Party of the Second Part the above described property, and con-
currently with the delivery of the said deed she will cause to be issued by the Pioneer Title
Insurance and Trust Company, at its Las Vegas Office, title insurance upon the said property
insuring the same for the benefit of the Party of the Second Part in the sum equal to the pur-
chase price, and upon receipt of the said deed as herein described and the said title in-
surance aforesaid the Party of the Second Part agrees to pay to the said Party of the First
Part the said remainder of the purchase price in the sum of Forty-Six Hundred Forty Dollars.
Should the party of the First Part fail or refuse to deliver to the Party of the Second Part,
the said deed and title insurance on or before twenty days from the date hereof, the Party of
the Second Part may at its option declare this Agreement null and void and in such event the
Five Hundred (500) Dollars advanced upon the Purchase price of the said property this date shall
be immediately returned to the Party of the Second Part.