OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 25th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hansell and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Mundy.

At this time a petition was presented to the Board of Commissioners from R.A.Story and
his wife petitioning the Board to grant them permission to operate a store on the Northeast cor
corner of 7th and Bridger in the residential district.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the petition be handed A.R.Thompson for checking to verify the signatures and the footage
represented.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by Mayor Cragin to approve a few bills presented to
the Board for payment, as Finance Commissioner owning to the absence of that Commissioner.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Fuller Construction Company erect a building 10X18 at the disposal plant for the caretaker,
that said building contain three windows and a door and correspond in type with the other
buildings at the disposal plant.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the Mayor E.W.Cragin follow up the investigation of the newly installed disposal plant and
sewer mains.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner German and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
two claim of Archie Mellott for $54.00 and $36.00 respectively be allowed and that two warrants
for same be drawn. One for $41.86 in favor of the Las Vegas Credit Bureau to cover judgement
of said company and the other for $48.14 the balance due the said Archie Mellott.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Attorney McNamee appeared before the Board of Commissioners at this time and petition-
ed the Board to vacate certain streets in the City of Las Vegas in the Tankel North Addition.

WHEREAS, an application having heretofore been filed in writing by the owners of the
land contained in the plat hereinafter described to be vacated and by the owner of all of the

land contiguous or adjacent to any street or alley in such plat to vacate which application was made, re-
questing that the portion of the plat hereinafter described be vacated, which application is
on file and of record in the Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, and which petition is hereby referred to and by reference made a part hereof, and the
Beard of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, having duly considered
the same, and

WHEREAS? after due consideration the Board is satisfied that neither the public
nor any person will be materially injured by vacating said portion of said Plat, upon motion
by Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, it is hereby

ORDERED, that that portion of the Plat of the Tankel's North Addition to the City
of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, which Plat is recorded in Book 1, of Plats, at Page 94,

Clark County, Nevada, Records, described as follows; to-wit:

The whole of said plat except:

1.	The	portion	thereof	designated	as	Croissant Street.

2.	The	portion	thereof	designated	as	Oak Street.

3.	The	portion	thereof	designated	as	DeVere Ave.

4.	The	portion	thereof	designated	as	Euclid Ave;	and

5.	That portion thereof located West of the Easterly side line of 13th Street.

be and the same is hereby vacated, as prayed for in the petition or application filed herein
as aforesaid.

A vote upon said motion having been duly taken, which resulted in Commissioners
German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor, E.W.Cragin voting "Aye", and "Nos" none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 31st day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.