Paul Hosman, Building Inspector be appointed Electrical Inspector, to hold both offices at the
pleasure of the Board, and to receive a salary for Electrial Inspector the fees collected dur-
ing the month up to $200.00, and all over $200.00 going to the general Fund, and the City in
no way being held to the difference between the fees collected, and said $200.00.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye.
Noes none.

This being the time set for the signing of the contracts for the paving, and curb, and
gutter improvements, and the parties being interested being present the City entered into a
contract with the General Construction Corporation for the laying of the pavement, Durite Process.

W. Earle Roche Pres. and John H, Watson, Attorney inFact for the General Construction
Corporation being present. Mayor J. F. Hesse signing same under the seal of the City, and the
City Clerk Viola Burns attesting same. Contract price being $82,199.98.

O.	M. Hall of the R. E. Hazard Contracting Company of San Diego appeared before the Board
and signed a contract with the City of Las Vegas same being executed under the hand of the Mayor
J. F. Hesse, attest by the Clerk Viola Burns, for the construction of curbs, gutters, and rough
grading in the City of Las Vegas. Contract price being $52,071.58. A bond for $26,035.79 from the
Pacific Indemnity Co; accompanying said contract.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 11th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 11th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 11th day
of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the matter of accepting the bond of the General Construction Co. was
brought before the Board. Mr. E. A. Ferron resident agent for the Southern Surety Company ap-
peared before the Board, and presented proof that the Southern Surety Company was qualified to
carry on business in the State of Nevada, and presented a bond for $41,099.99 equal to 50% of
the amount of the contract price.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the bond of the General Construction Co. be accepted, and the contract be delivered to
Mr. Earle Roche, President of the General Construction Co; Vote as follows, Commissioners Smith,
and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 16th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

To Amend minutes of Dec. 5th, 1929.

On Motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following Resol-
ution was duly adopted:

RESOLVE, that portion of the cost of improvements under Ordinance 150 to be stood by
the City shall be the sum of $10,000.00.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and German, and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith the following Resol-
ution was duly adopted:

RESOLVE, that portion of the cost of Improvements under Ordinance No. 149 to be stood
by the City shall be the sum of $18,00.00.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Smith, and German, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the following entitled Ordinances were read for a first time, and laid
over until the next regular meeting:

"An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, State of Nevada to borrow Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00) to provide funds for
the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of Commissioners
to be stood, and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the construction of Hydraulic Cement Con-
crete Curbs and Gutters and Rough Grading for Street Improvements upon interior squares or spaces
formed by the intersection of streets and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to
said City, or public grounds no taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with
those certain improvements authorized and determined bo be made under the provisions of Ordin-
ance No. 150 of the City of Las Vegas; to issue and sell bonds of the City of Las Vegas there-
for, said bonds to be known as Las Vegas Special 1930 Curb and Gutter Improvement Bonds,

Series B" and providing for the payment of the principal and interest on said bonds, and other
matters relating thereto."

"An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, State of Nevada, to borrow the sum of Eighteen Thousand ($18,000.00) to provide
funds for the purpose of defraying that portion of the expenses determined by said Board of
Commissioners to be stood and borne by the City of Las Vegas for the grading for and construct-
ion of Asphalt c Concrete Pavement Durtie Process upon interior squares or spaces formed by
the intersection of streets, and spaces opposite alleys and where lands belonging to said City
or Public ground not taxable, abut on such improvements, in connection with those certain im-