governing plumbing in the City of Las Vegas be amended, and revised.

They were referred to A.R. Thompson, Plumbing Inspector and Mr. Henderson, City Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Down a number of gaming licenses
were granted. All applications being for renewals, and applications be ng in proper form and
money to cover same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy Arnett, German, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of slot machine applications were presented to the Board for approval.
On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Arnett all slot machine applications
presented at this time were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the
same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time, the matter of the application of Jack D. Butler for gambling licensee for
certain gambling games conducted and to be conducted at what is known as and called the Big
Four on South First Street, in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, came up for discussion and con-
sideration; and it appearing to the Board from numerous complaints made to the member os the
Board that the said Big Four where the said gambling games have been and by this application
desire to be conducted, is and has been a place where idle, dissolute and itinerant persons
congregate and resort; and it appearing to the Board that the condition in said place arising
from the congregating therein of such persons is detrimental to the morals of the City of
Las Vegas and conductive of insanitary conditions; and whereas it is the opinion of the Board
of City Commissioners, for the reasons aforesaid, that the said Big Four is not a desirable
or proper place for the conduct of gambling games in said City so long as the foresaid con-
ditions prevail, Now Therefore, it was on motion duly made seconded and carried;

RESOLVED, that action on the said application be and the same is here by deferred
until the next meeting of the Board; and the Clerk of this Board and the Chief
of Police of this City are hereby directed and instructed to notify in writing the
applicant of this action of the Board, and that he correct the conditions said to
prevail as aforesaid.

he vote on said resolution was: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board was informed that Jack Sterling, heretofore granted a retail
liquor license for the sale of alcoholic liquors in the zone designated in Section 4 of
Ordinance No. 203, for the distribution of alcoholic liquors in original containers or
sealed packages not to be consumed on the premises, had been arrested for violation of Or-
dinance No. 203, under which said license was granted; and the Board further being informed
that the said Jack Sterling had pleaded guilty to the charge of violating said ordinance
made against him in the Municipal Court of the City of Las Vegas,

Now, therefore, on motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Arnett, and
duly carried, it was

RESOLVED that for the reasons aforesaid, the permit and license heretofore
granted said Jack Sterling to conduct a retail liquor establishment be and
the same is hereby revoked and cancelled; and the City Clerk and the Chief
of Police are hereby directed and instructed to notify the said Jack Ster-
ling of the same.

Vote on said resolution was: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German, and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of drawing $250.00 from the Library Savings Certificate for
the purchase of new books for the Library was brought under consideration.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down the Clerk was directed
to make the necessary transfer and to also add to the sum the accrued interest,

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and German and Down and
"is Honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 8th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

JANUARY 18th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Arnett and
Down City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Mrs. Nettles appeared before the Board at this time and ask that some provision be made
for the placing of a "Tavern" in that part of the City of Las Vegas peopled by the colored race,
and catering to that race only.

The matter was taken under consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Arnett a number of slot mach-
ine licenses were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover same being on
file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.