Money proportioned as follows:

$5,000.00 Police and Fire Fund
5,145.00 Street Fund
586.20

82.50	Cemetery
5,000.00 W.S. & L. Fund
5,021.03 General Fund
20,834.73 Total

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license 5½%, be granted to each of the following, Busy Bee Cafe, R.D. Gard,
and Safeway Stores Inc; and Colonial Grocery, also one wholesale liquor license to the Nevada
Wholesale Liquor Corporation. Applications were in proper form and money to cover the same be-
ing on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on the motion was as follows, Commissioners Down, Arnett, Marble and German and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
The Vegas Sweet Shoppe be granted five slot machine licenses. Application being in proper form
and money to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of owners and managers of taverns in the City of Las Vegas appeared
before the Board in regard to the playing of music in said taverns. After a lengthy discussion
on the ratter on motion of Mayor Cragin, seconded By Commissioner Marble, the following Resol-
ution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED, that all taverns in the City of Las Vegas be permitted to have music and stools
in their place of business with the following restrictions:

No music mechanical or otherwise, between 12 o'clock midnight and 9 o'clock A.M. on any
day other than Saturdays and pay-days, and between 1 o'clock A.M. and 9 o'clock A.M. on these
nights.

No house will be permitted to have a "kitty".

No men will be allowed to dance together.

No drunk person will be permitted on the floor.

No percentage girls or dance partners will be permitted to loiter in any of the Taverns for
the purpose of soliciting drinks or dances.

No entertainment of any kind will be permitted other than music for dancing.

No singing by any customer or customers.

Any house violating any of the above restrictions will be instructed to discontinues their
music— and the second complaint coming from any house will mean the cancellation of their license

Music in cabarets and taverns shall be conducted as will be satisfactory to the Police
Commissioner. If any member of the Board of Commissioners feels that the Police Department is
being too lenient, they will have the right to bring the matter before the Commission and the
Police Commissioner instructed in accordance to the majority rule of the Board.

The Board reserves the right to add any and further restrictions along the above lines
and they will be effective from the date of enactment and when so instructed in writing by the
Chief of Police.

The vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor
E.W. Cragin, voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Down not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that c pies of the above Resolution be given to each tavern and cabaret owner in the City of Las
Vegas. Said notice to be given by the Chief of Police and the same to be signed for by an author-
ized person from each such place of business.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that the
application of Grace Lee Mason for a retail beverage license (5½%) be denied. The location of
the business applied for being in too close proximity to the Federal Building.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mo further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 18th day of May, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.