OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of February 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Mundy and Thomas
Act ng City Attorney Geo. Marshall and City Clerk. Absent Commissioner Hansell.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed to approve the Bills of the W.S. & L. Department owing
to the absence of that Commissioner.

Reports of the City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Monies received for the month of January 1933 as follows:

$47,623.09 First half of 1932 taxes.

215.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots

1,902.00	Municipal Court Fines

5.536.94	L censes, fees and penalties
$55,277.03 Total

Monies proportioned as follows:

$47,623.09 Taxes proportioned as per budget

215.00	Cemetery Fund.

5,000.00	P and F Fund

2.438.94	General Fund.

 $55,277.03 Total

Mr. C.C. Boyer, Division Supt. of Highways, State of Nevada appeared before the Board
at this time in regard to the encroachments on the Highways in the City of Las Vegas. After
some discussion on the matter the following Resolutions were introduced and passed.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Preambles
and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, The Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of constructing a
portion of State Highway Route No. 101A within the City of Las Vegas from the south line of Fremont
Street extending along Fifth Street to the South Line of Garces Street, and

WHEREAS, The Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of receiving Federal
Aid for the improvement of said highway, and

WHEREAS, the Bureau of Public Roads of the Department of Agriculture of the United
States of America will not participate in the construction of said highway until and unless the
City of Las Vegas will agree to refrain from permitting encroachments upon the right of way of said
above mentioned street,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, By the City Council of the City of Las Vegas that for and in-
consideration of the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, the Bureau of Public Roads, Depart-
ment of Agriculture, constructing said highway, it hereby agrees with the said Department of
Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public Roads, Department of Agriculture, that it
will not, in the future, permit encroachments on the right of way of said above mentioned street.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Preambles
and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, The Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of constructing a
portion of State Highway Route No. 87A within the City of Las Vegas, from the north line of
Fremont Street extending along Main Street to the North line of Main Street, and Stewart Street, and
WHEREAS, the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of receiving Federal
Aid for the improvement of said highway, and

WHEREAS, the Bureau of Public Roads, of the Department of Agriculture of the United
State of America will not participate in the construction of said Highway until and unless the
City of Las Vegas will agree to refrain from permitting encroachments upon right of way of said
above mentioned street,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, By the City Council of the City of Las Vegas that for and
in consideration of the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public Roads,
Department of Agriculture, constructing said highway, it hereby agrees with the said Department of
Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public Roads, Department of Agriculture, that it
will not, in the future, permit encroachments on the right of way of way of said above mentioned
street.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German, it was moved and
carried that the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, be given permission to use the sewer
main at Fifth and Bonneville Sts. as a drain until such time as the City finds that there is an
excessive amount of water being drained into said sewer main. All joints of said drain draining
into said manhole on Bonneville Street just of Fifth Street must be tight.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.