Monies proportioned as follows:

$2618.15	Police &	Fire	Fund.

$5000.00	General	"

$7618.15	Total

Monies transferred as follows:		

$1500.00 Water Sewer & Light Fund. From General Fund

$2000.00 Street Fund.	"	"	" 	

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Board allow J. R. Hewitt Sr. $7.50 per month hereafter for janitor service for the Clerk's
Office, and Board room.

Vote as follows: Commissioner s Thomas, German, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes none.

An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 144 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance
of the City of Las Vegas Regulating the Erection, Construction, Enlargement, Alteration, Repair,
Moving, Removal, Demolition, Conversion, Occupancy, Equipment, Use ,Height, Area, Maintenance,

Of All Buildings And /Or Structures in the City of Las Vegas: Providing for the issuance of Per-
mits, and Collection of Fees Therefor: Providing Penalties For teh Violation Thereof; Declaring
And Establishing Fire Zones: Repealing Ordinances Nos. Twenty-seven (27) Fifty-Nine (59) Sixty-
one (61) and Seventy-two (72) of the City of Las Vegas, and all other Ordinances, and parts of
In Conflict Therewith," approved August 1st 1929, by adding thereto a new Section to be known
as Section 4a, was read to the Board for a first time.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas to made certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for and constructing 

Asphaltic Concrete Pavement- Durite Process on certain streets, and portions of streets in the City;
describing definitely the location of said improvements; providing that the cost, and expense
thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the special
assessment district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter
of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the general fund
of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds and also gen-
eral bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto.
was read to the Board for a first time.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by grading for, and constructing

Hydraulic Cement Concrete Curb and Gutter and Rough Grading for Street Improvement on certain
streets and portions of streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said im-
provements; providing that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special ass-
essment upon all the lots included in said special assessment district, hereby established,
according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions
thereof are required to to paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for
the issuance of special assessment bonds and also general bonds of the City of Las Vegas for
the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto, was read to the Board for a first time.

An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to defray the costs of
making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by constructing, erecting, and installing
an ornamental street lighting system complete, including conduits, cables, standards, lighting
units and all appurtenances thereto on certain streets, and portions of streets in said city
according to plats, diagrams, and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City
Clerk of the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating
the amounts of said assessment, and designating the lots, lands, and premises to be assessed
according to benefits; providing for the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto",
was read to the Board for a second time, and passed by the following vote.; Commissioners Thomas
German, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None. Same was ordered published
for one week (three issues) in the las Vegas Age. A tri-weekly newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 8th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 8th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas Nevada held in the Board Room of said Board on Friday the 8th day of November 1929 at
the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City Att-
orney, and Clerk.

At this time the proof of the transfer of the contract with H. T. Hempstead to the
Las Vegas Disposal Co. together with the proof of the organization of the Las Vegas Dis-
posal Co. was presented to the Board. Thereupon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by
Commissioner Smith it was moved that the evidence be filed with the Clerk and the bond of H. T.

Hempstead be released. Vote as follows Commissioner Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes non.

The following Petition was presented to the Board.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners:

We the undersigned property holders on Fremont Street most respectfully
petition your Board to at this time make provision for the widening of Fremont Street by setting
the curbs on both sides of the street back three feet (3'). The present installation of street
lights should be made to conform with this programme. It is understood that the base of the
light will be not over 10'' from the face of the curb.

Said Petition being signed by 38 property owners. The Clerk was directed to check the
petition to see that the names of the 38 property owners represented 51% of the property
to be improved.