OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 13th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German
and Mundy City Attorney and Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas all slot machine
licenses applied for were granted, Applications being in proper form and money to cover
same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and Mundy
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

J.H. Morgan appeared before the Board add ask that Section 12 of Ordinance No. 165
of the City of Las Vegas be amended so that owners may operate gaming houses or casinos be-
hind locked doors.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section 12 of Ordinance No. 165 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit gaming and operation of Slot
machines in the City of Las Vegas, without first obtaining a license therefor, regulating
the same, fixing the amount of such license, providing a penalty therefor, repealing ordin-
ances Nos. 77, 82, 88, and 115, and all ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that there now exists in the City of Las Vegas an emergency in re-
gards to the sale of fire works due to the very dry climate and lack of a paid fire depart-
ment, and the Board of Commissioners deem it advisable to pass an emergency ordinance
covering the same.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes none.

There upon the following Ordinance was passed and adopted by the vote of the
entire Board of City Commissioners.

"An Ordinance to prohibit the sale or keeping for sale of fireworks in the City
of Las Vegas, and prescribing a punishment therefor."

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 186 of the City of Las Vegas and to
be in full force and effect from and after its complete publication in the Las Vegas Age
for six (6) issues, one week.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that A.R.Thompson, City Engineer, acting as engineer for the City on the new sewer system
and disposal plant now being in stall be paid $5.00 per day for his services as engineer
on the sewer system.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Commissioner Hansell voting NO. Commissioner Thomas having
been excused before the matter was brought before the Board.

At this time Mr. Bracken, Mr. Mack and Mr. Benham appeared before the Board
in regard to the raising of the main sewer from Westside to the disposal plant and the chang-
ing of the line. No action was taken upon the matter at this time, The engineers to investi-
gate the matter further and report back to the Board.

At this time the matter of securing an easement from the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company and the Union Pacific System across properties owned by said companies was
brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German the follow-
ing Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the City clerk be and she is hereby authorized and directed
to make application on behalf of the City of Las Vegas to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company
for a perpetual easement of right of way upon a strip of land to-wit: ten feet on either
side of the center line of the main sanitary sewer leading from Washington Ave. and First
Street in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas across the land of said Company to connect with
the sewer system either on Croissant or Oak Street at State Street.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said City Clerk make application to the Los
Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad Company, (Union Pacific System) for a perpetual easement of
right of way for sanitary main sewer line from Washington Ave. and First Street in the Or-
iginal Townsite of Las Vegas to the easterly boundary of the right of way of said railroad;
same to be to-wit: ten feet on either side of the center line of said main sanitary sewer
as shown upon the plans and diagrams of said sewer system heretofore approved and adopted
by said Board of City Commissioners.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that if either of said companies require or desire a
survey of the proposed easement, that the City Engineer be and he is hereby authorized to make
such survey and furnish plat of said respective companies.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 18th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.