OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 2nd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 2nd day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Farnsworth, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ward.

Mr. Lord of Boulder City appeared before the Board in regard to the securing of permis-
sion for the operation of a loud speaker advertising system. Decision on this matter to be
handed him in the next few days as this was somewhat in conflict with the City "Sound Ordina-
nce."

Mr. Vander Meer appeared before the Board in regard to the fees for "milk inspection"
and ask that the Board consider the re-visions of said fees. He was told that the matter would
be given consideration.

Commissioner Ward arrived late.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the resignation of Mrs. Julia P. Mundy, as Secretary of the Cemetery Board, just
handed the Board be considered at the regular meeting to be held April 4th, 1936.

The vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The	Clerk read to the Board	a letter	from the Las Vegas	Land and Water Company asking

the City	to pass and enforce an ordinance	governing waste of	water for the summer months.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the letter of the Las Vegas Land and Water Company be handed Commissioner Down for in-
vestigation and recommendation.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The	Clerk read to the Board	a letter	from Lou Martin, owner of unimproved property in

Wardie Addition petitioning the City not to restrict duplex and apartment house from that

sub-division.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Clerk be directed to write Mr. Martin and tell him his request would be given
favorable consideration when the amendments to the zoning ordinance were drafted.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

A number of applications for the renewal of gambling and slot machine licenses for the
second quarter year, April 1st to June 30th, 1936 were presented to the Board. All applications
being in proper order and money on file with the clerk covering all a licenses applied for.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following licenses
were granted:

Big Four Club, Northern Club, by Elmer Sorber, Las Vegas Club, Apache Club, Joe Morgan,
C.F. Reid and Boulder Club.

Slot machine	licenses Market Spot 2	Exchange Club 2

J.M. Sill 2	Frank Kerman 2	A.E. King Ellison	2

W.A. Ferguson	2	R. Lowery	2	Venis Lancaster	2

Apache Bar	4	Apache Cafe	2	Sal Sagev Tavern	3.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

C.D. Baker, City Engineer, at Commissioner Marble's direction presented to the Board cuts
and prices of equipment suitable for the oiling of streets. After some discussion on the matter
On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, Seconded By Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that Commissioner Marble proceed with the purchase of road oiling equipment.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the following beverage licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money
on file in the Clerk's office covering the same.

Wm. C. Angus, Ralph Purdy, Grace Bates, W.E. Alexander and Elmer Sorber.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.