OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 1st, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 1st day of February, 1937 at the hour of seven
o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble, Down,
and Perry, City Attorney and City Clerk.



Mr. Carpenter, the newly appointed member of the Colorado River Commission appeared before
the Board and spoke briefly on the Commission and its work.

Messrs. Luce, Kimbal, Russell, Goerman, Woolman and Earl of the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of
Commerce appeared before the Board and all spoke on the necessity of more publicity for the
city of Las Vegas. Each in turn also ask that the give the sum of $4,500.00 toward the support of
the Chamber of Commerce for the year.

This committee was advised that the Board would consider such a move at such time as the
budget for the year 1937 was prepared.

I R. Crandall representing the Las Vegas Municipal Golf Club appeared before the Board
and presented his report of the operations of the Club.

Mr. Claude Mackey, Clark County Director of the F.E.R.A. appeared before the Board and
permission was given him to grade and gravel about one thousand feet of road at the fish hatchery

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the addenda, as prepared by C.D.Baker City Engineer The incorporated in the contract documents
in connection with the Las Vegas Street Improvement District No. 3, after its approval by the
P.W.A. Director of the State of Nevada, and that the same be submitted to all bidders after its
approval.

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following letter be forwarded to the Nevada State Legislature now in session at Carson
City:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

February 1st, 1937.

The Nevada State Legislature,

Carson City, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

The City of Las Vegas has been working upon a public improvement program under its
existing charter, the present City Board having devoted much time and labor to the consider-
ation of the charter as it effects our local situations and requirements and it probably better
acquainted with the requirements applicable to the local situation than any other person or
groups of persons.

We anticipate asking for some minor changes in our charter to meet the particular requirements
of our local community and development programs. In such event such proposed amendments will be
submitted through the Clark County Delegation, and in which event we earnestly solicit your
earnest consideration and approval.

We are advised that here is a move on foot to present a bill amending the charter of the
City of Las Vegas prior to the presentation of our bill. In such event, we earnestly request your
body to reserve action upon the same, but instead delay action until the bill is presented
meeting with the approval of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Very respectfully
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF
CITY COMMISSIONERS
BY VIOLA BURNS
CITY CLERK.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes,

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.