OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS

COUNTY OF CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA.

JULY 11th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 11th day of July 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell, German,
and Engineer for the City, City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of July 9th read, and approved as read.

There upon the deed deeding to the City, for Park purposes, only, a tact of land from the
Las Vegas Land, and Water Co. was read to the Board, and reported that same compared with ori-
ginal deed, and had been recorded with the County Recorder.

There upon a motion was made by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell
that the Clerk place the deed on file ..... Carried.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

The Bond of Lloyd S. payne was presented to the Board, in the sum of $1,000.00 as
bond for newly appointed Electrical Inspector.

There upon Commissioner Hansell made a motion seconded by Commissioner German
that the bond be excepted, and placed on file in the Clerk's office.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

L. M. Burge, Deputy State Quarantine Officer appeared before the Board at this
time in behalf of the Noxious Weed infestation in this county. He ask that the Board appropriate
the sum of $100.00 to help in this work.

There upon the Motion of Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas the
Clerk was ordered to draw a warrant for $100.00 from the publicity fund, and forward same to
Local Farm Bureau. Carried.

Vote as follows: Commissioner Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the

mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

	The Application, and Permit of the Grand View Water Company Inc; was read to the
Board, and after due consideration was returned to Leo A. McNamee, Attorney of the Company for correction

	There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the
meeting accessed till Fri. July 12th, 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.