Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward, Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

That L.L. Arnett, Mayor, be and he is hereby authorized to make application to
the Colorado River Commission of Nevada for a sufficient allotment of power to
supply the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, as, if and when it is ascertained
the amount of	power which will be required to	supply the inhabitants of	the City

of Las Vegas;	and he is further authorized to	protest, resist or object	to the

granting of any applications in hostility to the application of the City of Las
Vegas or which might appear in his judgement to jeopardize the procurement of
the City of Las Vegas of an adequate allotment of power; that he take all steps
and do all things requisite or convenient to the end of protecting the said city's
allotment of power before the said Colorado River Commission."

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, None. Commissioner Down not voting.

At this time on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was
moved and carried that the motion introduced and passed as of this date making application
to the	United States	of America for a loan and grant	for financing street improvements in the

City	of Las Vegas be	rescinded. The rescinding of this	motion being that proper	action on	the

matter had been taken at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held
on the 1st day of August, 1935.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLERK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County Nevada, held on the 4th day of September, 1935 at the hour seven P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,

Marble and Ward, City Attorney, City Clerk and City Engineer.

Claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

Moneys proportioned as per Journal.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge Approved by the Mayor.

Commissioner Down stated to the Board that he received no pecuniary benefits from the
claim of one Frank Brodgon.

At this time the Board took under consideration the conditions of the various streets
and alleys in the City of Las Vegas after same had been disturbed by the Las Vegas Land and
Water Company in the repairing of the mains owned by said company. After some discussion on
the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the City Attorney, Ryland Taylor, write the Las Vegas Land and Water Company
and inform that the the streets and alleys should be returned to their proper condition
after excavations had been made in the same. This to be in compliance with Ordinance No.

173.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The increasing of the salary of the City Engineer C.D. Baker was next considered by the
Board, and upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was
moved and carried that, C.D.Baker City Engineer be paid the salary of $200.00 per month effect-
ive as of Sept 1st, 1935 and until the further order of the Board. That said C.D. Baker
also act as Plumbing and Building Inspector for the City of Las Vegas without additional
compensation.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

City Engineer Baker presented to the Board for its consideration the plat of the proposed 

street improvement district. No definite action was taken at this time in the designation
 of the district.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 10th day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.