NOTICE OF SPECIAL MELTING

TO-- L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. Down,

H. Krause, H.P. Marble and H.L. Perry, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, will be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office in
the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, on Tuesday the 15th day of December, 1936, at
the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the business of annexing additional territory to the City of Las
Vegas, an incorporated City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.



VIOLA BURNS
City Clerk

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice.

Dated December 15th, 1936.

L.L. Arnett	Herbert Krause	H.P. Marble

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner

Jas. Down	H.L. Perry

Commissioner	Commissioner.

Minutes of a Special Meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Held on the 15th day of December, 1936.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry City Clerk and Attorney.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Perry the following Resolution
was Introduced and passed:

WHEREAS the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas has heretofore and on the
fourth day of December, 1936, declared its intention to annex certain portions of the territory
adjacent to the City of Las Vegas, more fully described in said Resolution and Declaration, and

WHEREAS the town of North Las Vegas was included within the area so proposed to be annexed

and

WHEREAS it has been brought to the attention of the Board that to so annex the said area
comprosing the town of North Las Vegas might probably complicate and interfere with the town's
proposed water project now, as we are advised, in the progress of completion, it is therefore,
RESOLVED and ORDERED that all proceedings heretofore taken by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas to the end of annexing the said territory in the said Resolution
and Declaration described, be, and the same hereby is, rescinded, and it it further

ORDERED that all proceedings looking to the annexation of the said territory be, and the
same hereby is, abandoned.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 17th, 1936.

 Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County Nevada held on the 17th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, and
Marble, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

At this time the Clerk presented to the Board for its consideration a petition filed
by Paul Ralli asking that south Eighth and Nineth Streets be improved.

Mr. Ralli was assured that the same would be given consideration, and the Clerk was
directed to place said petition on file for future reference at such time the the said improvement
 of South Eighth and Nineth Streets might be considered.