BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that all garbage and refuse shall be kept by the person in charge or
control of any residence or business, in a suitable and sufficient can or receptacle adequate to
contain the same without leakage or escape of odors, and shall have a tight fitting cover; and
no garbage or refuse shall be placed or kept in any public street, alley, sidewalk, or any public
place, but shall be placed on the premises ao as to be readily accessible for removing and empty-
ing the garbage and refuse there from by the collector.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of this resolution the work "garbage" shall
mean and include all animal and vegetable refuse from kitchens and all household wastes that
shall have been prepared for or intended to be used as food and of animal or vegetable refuse
from establishments where foodstuffs intended for human consumption shall be handled commerci-
ally; and the work "refuse" as used in this resolution shall mena and include crockery, bottles,
tin cans, metal vessels, trimmings from lawns, trees, and flower gardens, pasteboard boxes,
rags, paper, straw, sawdust, packing material, shavings, boxes, ashes and all rubbish or other
refuse.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of aiding the City in the costs of keeping
the City clean and sanitary, and for the purpose of making the said garbage saleable, that no
glass, coffee grounds, or other substances rendering such garbage unfit for the consumption of
animals, shall be mixed therewith, but such garbage shall be placed in the refuse container.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the garbage shall not be busied at any place in the City of Las
Vegas at any point which is closer than five hundred (500) feet to a residence, business house,
or habitation; and garbage shall not be burned within the limits of the City of Las Vegas unless
such burning is conducted in a properly built sanitary incinerator, having a stack sufficiently
high to control all odors; and under no condition shall garbage be burned without first having
had and obtained a perm t from the City Health Officer allowing the same.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that no person shall sell or dispose of any garbage or refuse, and
that all of the same must be delivered to the City of Las Vegas, its agents or contractors,
for removal or disposal; provided, however, that this rule shall not be construed so as to pre-
vent the feeding of garbage to chickens on the premises where such garbage is produced; pro-
vided the premises are kept in a sanitary condition and to the satisfaction of the City Health
Officer.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the water works, sewerage and light Commissioner shall hake
such rules and regulations as may be necessary and expedient for carrying into effest this
resolution and in order to properly keep said City in a clean and sanitary condition; such rules
however, to be approved by the Board of City Commissioners.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that it shall be the duty of the City Clerk or the duly appointed
city license collector, to collect the aforementioned charges on or before the 5th day of each
month, said collections being for the preceding month.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, and Marble and the Acting
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on
the 4th day of October 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and
Down, City Attorney and City Clerk

Commissioner German absent by leave.

All Claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Reports of the City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Money received before the month of September as follows:

$538.00 Municipal Court Fines.

195.00 Sale of cemetery lots
80100 Street work materials for Stewart St.

442.30 Sewer Laterals.

3,175.51 Licenses, fees, and beer tax
$4,430.81