OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 11th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 11th day of February, 1936, at the hour of 1:30 P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, and Marble,
City Attorney and Clerk

Absent Commissioners Ward and Farnsworth.

After the calling of the roll the Board recessed so that the members might attend the
funeral of Norman Ullom, Captain of the L.V. H.S. Football Team.

The meeting recessed and adjourned to meet Thursday the 13th day of February, 1936 at
hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 13th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 18th day of February, 1936, at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, City Clerk and Deputy City Attorney

Ham.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth, and and City Attorney Taylor.

This being National Boy Scout Week a number were present and occupied the chairs of the
Mayor and officials. They were as follows:

Jack Petitti, Mayor, Archie Wasden, Finance Commissioners, Bruce Johnson, Water, Sewer and
Light Commissioner, Raymond Baez, Street Commissioners, Harold Freidman, City Clerk, Orville
Tooley, City Attorney, John Bambino, Supt. Garbage Collection, Bob Eglington, Supt. of Streets,
Bobby Hampton, City Engineer, and Billy Gustin, Deputy City Clerk. These Scouts were introduced
by Mayor Arnett, and entered upon the duties of their various offices.

Mr. Luce, Pres dent of the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the Board in regard to
the securing of $4,000.00 from the City to be used in a publicity campaign. Mr. Russell, Mr.
Wollman, Mr. Squires, Mr. Grant and Mr. Cahlan, and Mr. Miles spoke for Mr. Luce.

These men were informed that the the City was not in position to pledge the amount of
$4,000.00 towards this publicity programme, but that it would in all probability assist in the
financing of the same when the proper time arroved.

Dr. Meyers, Exalted Ruler of the Elk's Lodge of Las Vegas appeared before the Board ask-
ing for the permission of the Board of Commissioners to use the City Park ground for the
holding of the anticipated "Helldorado". Mr. Worawich spoke for Mr. Meyers.

After some discussion on the matter and no decision being reached the members of the
Elk's lodge were informed that the matter would be considered by the Board at an early date and
its decision handed to the Elk's Lodge.

K.O. Knudson, General Chairman of the "Presidents Birthday Ball" appeared before this Board
with the final report of the various sub-committees and reported to the Board of Commissioners
that the sum of $142.53 had been cleared for the used of the City of Las Vegas, in aiding crippled
children.

On motion of Commissioner Marble it was moved that Mr. Knudson's report be accepted, and
and Mr. Kundson remain in custody of the sum cleared, Namely $142.53 until such time as the Board
saw fit to place same in a fund to be used for the care of crippled children as same is stated
in the general direction in connection with the giving of the "Birthday Ball" each year.

Vote was seconded by Commissioner Ward, and the following vote was taken: Commissioners
Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

John Vinassa and John Graglia appeared before the Board in regard to the placing of a sign
over Main Street, swingin same from the Union Hotel Bldg; and extending over the street some
four feet.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
John Vinassa, Prop. of the Union Hotel be given a revoke-able permit for the erection of a sign
extending four feet over Main Street and attached to the Union Hotel at 225 South Main St.

Said sign to be properly inspected by the inspectors of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward end His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.