and scrap met 1 promptly without charge."

Vote as follows; Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye, Noes None.

The bid of H. T. Hempstead for the Garbage contract	under these Specifi-



cations, and the new Garbage Ordinance NO. 158 was read to the Board.

There upon Motion of Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Thomas
- the garbage contract was let to H. T. Hempstead the Mayor J. F. Hesse, and the City Clerk
Viola Burns be authorized to execute the contract on be half of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor

the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

At this time the consideration of the Specifications for the Ornamental Streets
came before the Board. After a long discussion, and due consideration a motion was in-
troduced by Commissioner Thomas, and Seconded by Commissioner Hansell that specifications
read as follows;

Section 3. Ornamental Lighting Standards.

(a) The standards shall be two-light standards made of reinforced concrete,
manufactured by the horizontal centrifugal oscillatory process, or of a make equally
as good.

(b) The cross-arm shall be of the same material and texture as the shaft, or
equally as good.

(c ) Each standard shall be reinforced with eight (8) longitudinal rods con-
sisting of four (4) 5/8" round bars and four (4) 3/8" round bars: circular rings shall
be welded to the longitudinal rods as shown on standard post plan #2 and made apart of
these specifications, or of a make equally as good.

(d) Standards must be true to design and manner of construction, bids will be
considered on standards shown in plan #2 and made a part of these specifications, or of
a make equally as good.

(e) Lighting standards shall be made in aluminum moulds: the steel rein-
forcing being held in place by means of tension on the longitudinal bars or shall be
of a make equally as good.

Wherever the words City Engineer appears the same to read Engineer in
charge for the City of Las Vegas.

Vote as follows; Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon a motion as was made by Commissioner Smith, and seconded by Commissioner 
German that the Specifications be accepted as amended.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Smith German, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the
meeting recessed until Friday July 19th 1929 at the hour of three o'clock.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 19th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada. Held July 19th 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesses, Commissioners L.B. Hansell, O.J. Smith,

R.	W. Thomas, and W. C. German together with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of the meeting of July 16th read, and approved as read.

The Permit to the Brand View Water Company Inc. to lay and maintain a water system
in Grand View Addition to the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board a second time, and
Section 4 had been corrected to read:"

Section 4. Said Permittee will install and maintain at own expense for each block
one fire plug, of such design as shall be designated by the Chief of the Fire Department of
the City of Las Vegas, at such points as the Board of City Commissioners may from time to
time designate. No charge shall be charged the City of Las Vegas for water used from fire
plugs for fire extinguishment and prevention and other reasonable public purposes.

There upon a motion as introduced by Commissioners Thomas, and Seconded by Com-
missioner Smith that permit be granted Grand View Water Co. Inc. and the Mayor J. F. Hesse,
Water Sewer, and Light Commissioner L. B. Hansell, and the City Clerk Viola Burns be author-
ized to act for the City and carried.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon an " Application for Permit to extend a Permanent Portico over the
Street" upon lots 13 and 14 of Block 55, that is to say 113, and 115 South Fourth St; was
read to the Board.

There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioner German, and Seconded by
Commissioner Hansell and carried that Application for a permit be granted.