OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 8th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 8th day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, Mayor Arnett,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

J.	W. Woodard 2 slot machines	W.J. Lincoln	1 Slot machine

Ray Murphay 3	"	"	J.M. Sills	2	"	"

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following licenses be granted for the year 1936:

Clark County Whle. Mercantile Co. Inc; wholesale beverage license, fee $25.00 per quarter.
U.P. Railway, Professional Drug Store and W.R. Van Eaton, retail beverage, $10.00 per
quarter year each.

All applications in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the following drug store liquor licenses be granted:

Read City Drug and White Cross Drug Co. Inc;

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned until Wednesday the 15th day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock
P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
January 15th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 15th day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Ward, City attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

Mrs. Ethel Rapoport appeared before the Board in regard to the issuing of a license
in her name for the operation of a tavern. Mrs. Rapoport had been ask to appear before the
Board on January 8th, 1936, but was out of the City at that time.

After some discussion on the matter, and it being decided that Paul Rapoport would no
longer be the manager of the "tavern" it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Ward moved and carried that a tavern liquor license be granted to said Ethel Rapo-
port. Application being in proper form and $250.00 ( the fee for said license) accompanying
said application.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

S. Gene Parks, appeared before the Board in regard to the installation of sewer laterals
on North 11th and 12th Street, Fremont to Stewart Sts.

He was instructed to get in touch with C.D.Baker and work out a plan to be presented to
the Board for consideration.

A number of cabin court owners appeared before the Board in regard to the licensing of
duplex houses in the City. No action was taken at this time.

R.R. Russell, Chairman of Publicity for the Chamber of Commerce appeared before the *
Board in regard to the securing of financial aid from the City in the sum of $4,000.00 per year
Said amount to be used in a publicity programme and the hiring of a camera man, and contacting
 the outside advertising world.

Mr. Russell was ask to give to the Board a written description of the programme.