Minutes of the first meeting of the hoard of Commissioners was read and former Mayor
Buol stated that no corrections were in order.

No business appearing before this meeting the meeting recessed until Wednesday the 18th
day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 18th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 18th day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and Clerk.

John Miller appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the amendments proposed
to the City "Zoning Ordinance". Mr. Miller pr tested the exclusion of duplex, apartment
houses and the moving in of houses in that section of the City known as "Wardie Addition".

No decision was reached at this time.

The Clerk read to the Board the report of Dr. Mildren, City Health Officer of the condit-
ion of the two slaughter houses in the City. He reported that the slaughter house of the Sou.
Nev. Meat and Provision Company was in good sanitary condition and was in proper form to be
issued a "slaughter house license" if the Board saw fit to do so.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the Southern Nevada Meat and Provision Company be granted a slaughter house license for
one year when such license was demanded of the Clerk and the fee of $25.00 per year for such
license was handed the Clerk.

Bote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to write the Peoples Packing Company and inform them of the find-
ings of the City Health Officer.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 25th day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

March 25th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble and Ward,

City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Farnsworth.

A number of petitions signed by property owners in South and Wardie Addition were presented to
the Board in regard to restrictions in the proposed zoning ordinance. Also a number of inter-
ested citizens were present in regard to the proposed amendments to the zoning ordinance.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Ward it was moved and Carried that that portion the City from Bridger Street to

Charleston Drive east of the alley between 5th and 6th Streets to the alley between 9th and
10th streets, and from Bridger Street to Clark Street from 10th to 11th street to restricted
to dwellings costing $2,500.00 or more.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Additional petitions for the re-instatement of Joe May to the Police Department was presented
to the Board, also Mr. May appeared before the Board in his own behalf for re-instatement.

He was informed that it was not possible for him to be placed on the City Police Dept; but
that he was privileged to seek employment on any of the other departments of the City.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 2nd day of April, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.