On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that H. Case present Chief of the Las Vegas Volunteer Fire Dept. be retained Chief of that
Department. No compensation or salary being paid.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Ward, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of June 1935 at the hour of five o'clock P.M. (No hour for the holding of
said meetings on the 4th day being set the hour of five o'clock P.M. was designated as the
most logical time to hold this meeting.)

The hour of holding the regular  monthly meeting of the Board of Commissioners was discussed and
it was determined that the hour of seven o'clock P.M. would be the most convenient for all
concerned. Therefore after this date the regular meeting would be held at the hour of seven
o'clock P.M. on the 4th day of each month as set by a resolution passed the 3rd fay of June,
1935.

The following answered roll call Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down, Mayor Arnett,

City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. Mable was appointed acting Finance Commissioner to approve the few remaining claims
for the month of June.

The Clerk presented to the Board the application of Jake Ensley for a retail beverage
license for 20 Stewart Street. Mr. Ward, Commissioner of Police and Fire ask that said appli-
cation be held up for further investigation.

The application of Jerry George for a taxi license was laid over until the bond or the
proof of bond was presented to the Board.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
6th day of June at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 6th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the	Board of	Commissioners	of	the City	of	Las

Vegas, Clark County Nevada held on the 6th day of	June, 1935 at the hour	of	seven o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down City
Attorney Henderson and City Clerk

he Clerk presented to the Board for its consideration the applications of Jake Ensley,
and C.F. Reid for retail beverage licenses. Applications being in proper from and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same, it was on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner 

Down moved and carried that the licenses be granted.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes. none.

The report of L.H. Rockwell, Fire Marshall of	the City	of Las Vegas, for	a period	of	sixty

days that is to say March 20 to May 20 1935 was presented	to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Marble it was moved and seconded by Commissioner Down that the
report of L.H. Rockwell be accepted and placed on file with the City Clerk for future reference.

Vote was Commissioners Marble, Down and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that L.H. Rockwell be retained as Fire Marshall of the City of Las Vegas as is required by
The City Ordinance covering the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Ward and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Commissioner Marble was appointed acting Finance Commissioner by the Mayor so that a
few warrants might be allowed cleaning up the business of May, 1935.