OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 18th day of March 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

There being no business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 18th day of March 1930 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
Clark County, Nevada.

March 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 18th day of March 1930 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, German, and Thomas, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of March 14th read and approved as read.

Mr. A.W. Ham appeared before the Board representing The Mann Company in regards to the
transferring of the contract had with the City of Las Vegas between R.E. Hazard Contracting
Co; for the construction of concrete curbs gutters and rough grading, to the Mann Company.

Mr. Mann also appeared before the Board.

Mr. Hall representing the R.S. Hazard Company of San Diego also appeared before the
Board, and stated that before transferring the contract had with the City of Las Vegas to
the Mann Company he would like to be given time to get in touch with Mr. Hazard.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
Street Commissioner Smith have Ordinance No. 91 of the City enforced. Said Ordinance is 
entitled: "An Ordinance Providing for the cleaning of lots within the limits of Clark's Las
Vegas Townsite in the City of Las Vegas, and providing penalties for the violation thereof
and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith, German, and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the Clerk be directed to write to Mr. B.L. Adamson Chief Engineer of the L.A. & S.L R.R.
and inquire if he has had time to go over the sewer plans as submitted to the Board of
Commissioners by Koebig & Koebig Sanitary Engineers, if so to advise the Commission as to
the completeness of the plans and would same be acceptable to the Railroad Co; and are the
plans in shape to be accepted by the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 19th day of March at the hour of five thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 19th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas

held on the 19th day of March 1930 at the hour of five thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Thomas together with the City Attorney

and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and Hansell.

Mr. A.W. Ham, representing the Mann Company, and the R.E. Hazard Company was present
and informed the Board that the companies he was representing were not ready to meet with
the Board.

Upon motion duly made seconded and carried it was moved that the meeting recess until
Thursday the 20th day of March 1930 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.