Vote on the above order was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the
Mayor L.L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Thursday the 10th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 10th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las

Vegas held on the 10th day of December, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

Mr. Blackman, Mr. Hampton and Mr. Worswick appeared before the Board in regard to the organ-
ization of the Board of appraisers for the City of Las Vegas. These gentlemen had been invited to
appear before the Board and had also been ask to serve as such Board of Appraisers.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the City allow the sum of $150.00, as compensation for the Board of Appraisers for the City, and
that said sum be divided equally among the members of the Board namely, Mr. Blackman, Mr. Hampton
and Mr. Worswick, as they had accept the appointments.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Mr. Marble reported to the Board his recommendation of the disposal of the gasoline bids
presented to the Board On December 4th, 1936.

motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the Mayor and the Clerk enter into contracts with he Richfield Oil Company, The Texas Company and
the Signal Oil Company for their proportionate part of the gasoline requirements for the City of
Las Vegas for the ensuing year.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk be directed to write and inform the Shell Oil Company, The Mohawk Oil Company,

Union Oil Company, Standard Oil Company, General Petrolatum Company and the Rio Grande Oil Co;
and inform them that their bids might he amended on or before the meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners to be held on the 21st day of December, 1936. That the bids were ambiguous and the
Board was in doubt of the said companies entering into contracts with the City for their pro-
portionate part of the years business.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

None.

Mrs. Addie Bulette appeared before the Board in regard to the erection of a private gar-
age, of wooden construction in Fire Zone 2. As this is not permissible in this location Mrs.
Bulette was advise that the Board would take the matter under consideration and a decision
would be handed to her in the very near future.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Thursday the 17th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 15th, 1936.

CALL OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO--

Viola Burns, City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

A Special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby called
to be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk Office in the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, County of Clark, on Tuesday the 15th day of December, 1936 at the hour of three
o'clock p.m. on said day to consider and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act upon the business of annexing additional territory to the City of Las
Vegas, an incorporated City.

Dated this 15th day of December, 1936.

L.L. Arnett

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.