OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 19th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 19th day of October 1932 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell.

C.C. Underhill and A.L. Brackett appeared before the Board at this time protesting
the license fee on their respective businesses. They were informed that the licenses for the
fourth quarter would be as provided by Ordinance No. 184 of the City of Las Vegas, but that
the Board of Commissioners were contemplating a change in some fees to be in effect about the
first of the year.

Mr. Dinsmore appeared before the Board with Mr. Nash in regard to the passage of
a milk ordinance that had been considered some time before. No action was taken on the matter
at this time.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the bond of O.C. Boggs, Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas be accepted and approved
by the mayor. Said bond is from the Columbis Casuality Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting soliciting for sexual intercourse,
occupying or renting rooms in any rooming house, hotel or other place in the City of Las
Vegas for the purpose of sexual intercourse with a person to whom he or she is not married,
and to require all keepers of hotels or lodging houses to keep a register of all persons
occupying rooms in such hotel or lodging house, was read for a first time and laid over
for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 26th day of October 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 26th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 26th day of October 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and
German, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion in regard to the using of the
sewer mains as laterials where same might be used for laterals. No action was taken on the
natter at this time but the City Attorney was directed to draw up the necessary papers and ordinances
.

The next business brought before the Board for consideration was the construction
of a drainage system west of the Union Pacific R.R. tracks.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
A.R. Thompson, Engineer for the City be directed to investigate the cost of same and make borings
as to the depths of the water and report back to the Board in the near future.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
all slot machine applications presented to the Board at this time be granted. Applications being
in proper form and money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye, Noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance prohibiting the use or occupation of the
public streets or places in the City of Las Vegas for advertising purposes, " was read for a
first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Monday the 31st day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.