OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL SETH, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of April 1933.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time the Board took up the matter of zoining the City of Las Vegas in regard
to the issuance of beer licenses for draught beer.

 On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German the following Preambles 

and Resolution was duly adopted;

Whereas, it appearing to the Board of City Commissioners that the sale, distribution
and giving away of draught beer should be confined to certain portions of the City,

Now therefor, on motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, it is
Resolved, that draft beer should only be sold, distributed or given away in said
city within the following limits: From the north side of Carson Street north to
Stewart Street, including all buildings on Stewart Street facing and abutting on
Stewart Street between Main and Second Street, and from the east side of Main
Street east to the west side of Second Street:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that it shall be unlawful for any person, firm corporation
co-partnership, Association social club, or association of persons of any kind what-
soever, to sell, distribute, or offer to sell any draught beer outside of said limits;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a violation of this Resolution shall be sufficient cause
for the Board of City Commissioner to revoke, cancel and declare forfeit any license
hereto fore granted or hereafter granted for the sale, distribution or giving away
of beer, wine, or other beverages which are now or may hereafter be authorized by the
Laws of the United States, as authorized by Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Thomas being excused before the vote was called.

At This time the Board entered into a discussion of granting a number of liquor
permits that was applied for by a number of business houses. After due consideration and
discussion a number of licenses were granted. Same being approved by the Mayor.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 14th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS.
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 14th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 14th day of April, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and Hansell.

A Number of liquor applications were presented to the Board at this time and after due
consideration on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner
German, that the Resolution passed on April 7th, 1933 in regard to a zone in the City of Las
Vegas where draught beer might be sold, be rescinded at this time and that each application
would be considered as same was presented to the Board, and that the Board grant licenses
for draught beer where in their judgement a draught beer license appeared phasable.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The awarding of the gasoline contract for the year was next brought before the Board,
and it appearing to the Board of Commissioners that the bid of the Texas Company being the
best bid for the City of Las Vegas to accept, it was on motion of Commissioner Mundy, second-
ed and carried that the City of Las Vegas enter into a contract with the Texas company. Said
contract to be in force ninety days from day of acceptance of bid, in accordance with the
contract had with the Shell Oil Company, setting for a ninety day notice of the cancelization
of said contract. Clerk to notify Shell Oil Company of the cancelization of said contract,
and to inform the Texas Company of the acceptance of its bid and ask that a form of con-
tract from the Texas Company be presented to the Board for its approval.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The awarding of the water rights from the City well for the year March 23, 1933 to
March 23, 1934 was next brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the Agreement entered into with one J.W. Williams and the City of Las Vegas,
on March 23, 1932 to March 23, 1933 be extended to March 23, 1934, has said J.W. Williams
had fulfilled all the terms of the said agreement and was anxious to receive and extension
on said agreement.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Friday the 21st day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.