OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 27th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 27th day of April 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

At this time a number of applications for liquor and beverage licenses were presented to
the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble a tavern license was
granted to Geo. Clarence Larson for 109 No. 1st St.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

he applications of Gay Chatterton, Agnes Mc Laughlin, J.K Houssels, D.G. Lorenzi, for retail
beverage licenses, 5½%, were presented to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that the
licenses be granted.

Vote on motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following slot machine
licenses wee granted:

E.P. Bihlmaier	1 Slot Machine license.

State Cafe	2	"	"	"

Boulder Drug Co. Inc.	1	"	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a report was made to the Board of the bids received for the materials to be
used at the City Park for the installation of a water system.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that	Commissioner	Marble, Commissioner	of	Public	Streets	and property	,	be	authorized	to accept

the	bids, that in	his opinion	were the	best	bids	for	the	various	materials	to	be	used.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of owners of Taverns in the City of Las Vegas appeared before the
Board in regard to having music in their places of business. Mr. W.S. Goodwin and Mr. L.K. Houssels
appeared as spokesman. After some discussion on the matter it was decided to lay the matter
over until the next meeting of the Board at which time a full attendance would be urged.

No further businessappearing before the Board the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1934

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of May, 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Down, Marble
and German, City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City

Clerk.

Reports of Municipal Judge end City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Money received for the month of April, 1934 as follows:

$699.00 Municipal Court Fines for April 1934
500.00	"	"	"	" March 1934

82.50	Sale of Cemetery Lots
586.20 Street Fund gas sales
5,145.00 Poll Tax
13,822.03 Licenses, and fees.

20,834.73 Total