Mr. Senlow of Jones Decorating Service appeared before the Board with prints of the
decorations for the Welcome Arch and ornamental light standards. The total cost for material
and laboring being $296.00. There being no money in the Publicity Fund and it being unlawful
to transfer from other funds to the Publicity Fund for such purposes Mr. Senlow's proposition
 was refused.

Mr. Mc Cleur Senn proprietor of the Las Vegas Motor Transit Company appeared before
the Board again asking for a franchise to operate on certain streets on a given schedule.

He was ask to secure a copy of the Santa Anna California franchise for the City Attorney.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 29th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 29th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 29th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Thomas, together with the City Attorney
and Deputy Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and German, and City Clerk.

"An Ordinance creating the office of City Engineer, providing for the appointment
of such officer, defining his powers and duties as such officer and fixing his compensation,
and other matters relating there to," was read to the Board for a first time and laid over
for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held
on the 4th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

The Mayor appointed Commissioner Smith to approved the salary bills of the Police
and Fire Commissioner owing to the absence of Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the Office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of August as follows:

$1,012.50	Municipal Court Fines.

2,424.70	Sale of Grader, fees, and licenses.

	3,437.20 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$1,400.00 Street Fund from sale of grader

1,500.00	Police and Fire Fund.

48.50	Water Sewer and Light Fund.

488.70 General Fund.

3,437.20 Total proportioned.

The balances left in the Special grading and Paving Funds were transferred to the
Street Fund as follows:

$76.58 Transferred to Street Fund from Paving Fund.

214.48	"	"	"	"	" Grading Fund.

The above two funds were closed out as the paving and grading for the City was completed.

"An Ordinance regulating the use of devices or apparatus which interferes with
radio broadcasting reception," was read to the Board for a second time and passed by the
following vote, Commissioners German, Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor J. F.

Hesse voting Aye. Noes none. Same was ordered published in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly
newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, for a perion of three issues, (3).

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Saturday the 6th day of September at the hour of three o'clock P.M.