of said Special Assessment Roll No. 11 of the City of Las Vegas, at the rate of seven per
cent per annum payable annually, that is to say, that said respective installments, and

said interest for the year 1929 shall be paid on or before one year from the first day of

January 1929, and said respective installments together with the said interest, as above
provided, shall be by said County Assessor, acting ex-officio City Assessor be place on the
Tax Roll of Clark County for the year 1929 on and against the several owners and premises
where the said assessments on said property were not paid within fifty days from the date of
the confirmation and recording of said Assessment Roll No. 11, namely the 24th day of Jan-
uary 1929, and the County Assessor of Clark County, acting Ex-officio City Assessor of the
City of Las Vegas is hereby authorized and directed to enter the same on the Tax Roll of
Clark County, Nevada for the year 1929, and to extend the same in a special column for spec-
ial assessments on said Tax Roll of Clark County. The vote on said resolution was as

follows: Commissioners Smith, Mundy, Neagle, and. German and the Mayor Aye Noes None."

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk certify to a copy of this Resolution
and deliver the same forthwith to said County Assessor, ex-officio City Assessor.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith, German
Thomas, and the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioners Thomas, Seconded by Commission-
er Hansell, and carried that the City Clerk's office close Saturdays at 12 noon.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, Thomas, Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

Mr. Miller of the Marbelite Company appeared before the Board at this time, and
a lengthy discussion on the ornamental street lights ensued.

The Specifications for the ornamental street lights as prepared by Mr. Miller,
and Mr. Waggoner of Los Angeles was read to the Board at this time.

A motion was introduced by Commissioner Smith, and Seconded by Commissioner Ger-
man that the Specification be accepted.



A motion was introduced by Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Thomas 
that the Specifications be amended to include metal standards as well as re-enforced concrete.

Vote on Motion as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Commissioners German, and Smith Voting No.

The meeting then recessed until Tuesday July 16th at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 16th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada held in the Board Room of said Board on July 16th, 1929
at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present His honor the Mayor J. F Hesse, Commissioners O.J. Smith, L. B. Hansell,

R.	W Thomas, and W. C German together with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of July 12th 1929 read, and approved as read.

Specifications Covering the collection of garbage in the City of Las Vegas, for
a period of five years, commencing July 16th 1929, and ending July 16th, 1934 was read
to the Board at this time.

	Thereupon a resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, and Seconded by

Commissioners Smith that the Specifications be accepted.	

Vote as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, German and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

A motion was then introduced by Commissioner Smith, and Seconded by Com-
missioner German that the Specifications be amended, and include a section to be known
as Section 17.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes None.

A motion was then made by Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Hansell
that Section 17 of the Specification be amended.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor Voting Aye, Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, and Seconded by Commissioner Smith Section
17 was again amended.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Thomas, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner Smith
that the Specification be accepted as amended. Section 17 to read, "Will provide Free
City dump immediately, and also take up paper and refuse, and contents from City Cans