OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
December 28th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, held on the 28th day of December 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
and Down City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

This being the time agreed upon for the acting upon any and all gaming, slot machine
and liquor licenses applications and there being a number filed with the Clerk the Board at
once considered the granting of same.

Upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following tavern
licenses were granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to
cover same in the sum of $250.00 per tavern.

	R.C. Kanciad for the Big Four Tavern, John Waterfield Sal Sagev Tavern, Joe and May
Williams for the Rex Tavern, Sam Stearns for the Nevada Tavern, Al Salton for Al's Tavern,

P.O. Salvagni for the Apache Tavern, Boulder Drug Co. Inc. for the Mission Tavern, Art Schreiber
for the Barrel House, Elmer Sorber for the Northern Tavern, Rump and Ganey for the Golden
Camel, and Pansey and Sikes for the Exchange Tavern,

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble the following 5½%
beverage licenses were granted. Applications being proper form and the sum of $10.00 per
license per house accompanying the applications.

Las Vegas Club, Frank Kiernan, 2nd St. Grocery, Dominick Curto, Rose Distributing Co.
Lafe Carl Norwood, Boulder Drug Co. Inc; Anna Lujan, Wm. Jones, Town Barbecue, John Stathis,
E.F. Noon, Ether's Delicatessen, Sophia Noon. Claude C. Sargent, Leona Mason, City Drug Store,
Sewell's United Stores, Vegas Sweet Shoppe, Apache Casino, W.C. Christian, Geo. Markisch,

C.V.T. Gilber, and the Boulder Club. Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble a cabaret license
for $300.00 was granted to Wm. Pansey for 120½ North 1st St. Application in proper form and
money coverning the same on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett Seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved

and carried the wholesale beverage license be granted to the Outpost Trading Company.
Application being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.



On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner down the following sealed
package goods licenses were granted. All applications being in proper form and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same.

Geo. Markisch, Boulder Drug Company Inc; C.V.T. Gilbert, City Drug Store, A.T. Spatz
Rose Distributing Company Etherl's Delicatessen.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that
no package goods license be granted to Leona Mason on the grounds that the address where said
business would be carried on was in too close proximity to the Federal Building and the
residential district of the City.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that wholesale liquor licenses be granted to the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corp. and to
J.T .Watters. Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover
the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted Applications being improper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Edgar Ciliax 2 slot machine licenses.

Frank Kiernan  2 "	"	"

          C.M. Sikes	1 "	"

The application of C.M. Sikes for one one cent slot machine license applied for on his
application was denied at this time.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and
carried that the following gaming licenses be granted. All applications being in proper
form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

	

Las Vegas Club 4 slot machines, 2 card games, 6 devices.

Boulder Club 5 Slot Machines, 2 card games and 5 devices.

Apache Club 3 devices

Elmer Sorber, 3 slot machines, 2 card games and 5 devices.

Joe Morgan 2 devices

Wm. Jones one card game.

Vote on the motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.