Mr. A.C. Grant, appeared before the Board of Commissioners at this time on behalf of the
Chamber of Commerce of the City of Las Vegas. He explained to the Board that the City of Las Vegas
would be able to participate in the advertising of the All Year Club of California for the year
1935 if sufficient funds could be raised, and petitioned the Board of Commissioners at this
time to donate the sum of §300.00 for this purpose.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved seconded and
carried that the sum of $300.00 be donated from the Publicity Fund of the City of Las Vegas to
the Chamber of Commerce to be used for advertising purposes in the "All Year Club" of California.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City Las Vegas to amend, revise add re-
enact Section 1 of Ordinance No. 92 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the
City of Las Vegas establishing a City Dump Ground, and regulating the removal and disposal of
rubbish, etc.' " was read for the first time and laid over for a second reading.

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Section 10a as created by Ordinance No. 184 of
the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance to amend Section 7 of Ordinance No. 48 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas licensing for the purpose of
regulation and revenue, every kind of lawful business hereinafter specified, transacted or carried
on within the corporate limits of the City of Las Vegas, State of Nevada, fixing the rates of
license tax upon the same and providing for the collection of said license tax, and a punish-
ment for carrying on or conducting any such business without a license, and repealing Ordin-
ances Nos. 1,2,4, 13, 14, and 35, as amended by Sec. 1 of Ordinance No. 81 of said City, by
herein amending certain subdivisions thereof and by adding and by adding certain other sub-
divisions and to amend said ordinance No. 48 by adding two new sections to be known as Sections
Nos. 10a and 10b respectively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in con-
flict therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until the
18th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 18th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German and Thomas,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Mundy and Hansell.

Upon motion of Commissioners German seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that the sum of One Hundred Dollars ($100.00) be and the same is hereby
appropriated to the Police Department of the City of Las Vegas for use in investigations to be
made by said Department , and that a warrant for said amount be drawn in favor of Lewis Hord,
Acting Chief of Police to be used for said purposes. Accounting therefor to be made on
order of this Board.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of the releasing of the bond of the Glens Falls Indemnity Company, surety
for the Nevada Gas Company, Ltd. was next brought before the Board for consideration.

Mr. J.P. King, Supt. of Streets for the City of Las Vegas informed the Board that the
said Nevada Gas Company, Ltd. had fulfilled all the requirements of said bond, there upon on
motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was,

Resolved, that the bond of $2,000.00 of the Glens Falls Indemnity Co. indemnity on
the excavations of the Nevada Gas Company, Ltd; be and the same is hereby released as the said
Nevada Gas Company have fulfilled the terms of its contract which said bond covered.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 25th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.