The matter of releasing the bond of H. T. Hempstead war next brought before the Board.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that before the the Board takes any acton in regard to releasing the. bond of H. T. Hempstead	

that he furnish evidence to the Board of the due organization, and in corporation of this corporation eleged to have
taken over the Garbage Contract and evidence of assignment of obligation of such corporation.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith ,Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-inact Section 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City
of Las Vegas, entitled "An ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, men-
ageries and carnivals in the City of Las Vegas and repealing Ordinance No. 105 of the City of
Las Vegas, and all ordinances, and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith," and to repeal
all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith, was read to the Board for a
first time.

The matter of the City purchasing a fire truck was brought before the Board at this
time, and after a lengthy discussion the matter was laid over for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed till Wednesday September 18th at the hour of seven-thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 18th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on Sept. 18th at the hour of seven thirty P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Smith, and Thomas together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 17th 1929 read and corrected.

The purchasing of a new fire truck was again brought before the Board. After some
discussion upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Resolution was duly adopted;

RESOLVE; That R. W. Thomas, Police, and Fire Commissioner be and he is hereby author-
ized and empowered to negotiate for and, subject to the approval of this Board, to entered
into a lease, of an American-LeFrance or Seagrave fire truck and accessories.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell appearing after the vote was taken.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday Sent. 24th 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPT. 24th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on Sept. 24th
1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minuted of meeting of Sept. 18th read and approved as read.

At letter from the Las Vegas Post of the American Legion was read to the Board ask-
ing for the donation of $56.00 to be used for the purchase of a Base Drum for the Legion
Drum Corp. There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the Board of City Commissioners donate the sum of $56.00 to the American Legion for the pur-
chase of a Base Drum, and that the money for same be taken out of the Publicity Fund.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes None. Commissioner Smith appearing after vote was taken.

A letter from Tasker L. Oddie to City Attorney Stevens was read to the Board. Mr.
Oddie is very much in favor of the site donated to the Government for the proposed new Federal
building, and offers all the support he can to help the City obtain the new building.

The matter of the purchase of the new fire truck was next brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following resolution was duly adopted;

RESOLVED, that the Mayor, and Police, and Fire Commissioner be and they are hereby
authorized to execute in the name and on behalf of the City of Las Vegas a form of lease contract