A petition to the Honorable Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas from
the Beauty Parlor owners petitioning the Board to reduce the license fee for beauty parlors
was presented to the Board.

Laid petition will be considered at the time of the passing of the new license ordin-
ance now under consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
Clerk be directed to take up as many of the Boulder Dam Highway Bonds as there was money in the
treasury to cover same in units of One Thousand Dollars each plus the interest.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. Tom Salter appeared before the Board in regard to the extension of time granted
the Nevada Gas Company LTd. for the installation of gas mains and ask that the company be
granted a six month extension of time.

Thereupon, on motion, duly made, seconded and carried the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of said Nevada Gas Company, Ltd. be and the same
is hereby granted and the time within which to complete the unfinished lines be and the same
is hereby extended for a period of six months from the 15th day of December, 1931, and that
this Resolution, when assented to by said Permittee Corporation be considered and treated as
an amendment to that extent of said original permit, and that in all other respect said Original
Permit shall remain in full force and effect.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that before the extension hereby provided shall take effect
the said permittee corporation shall within twenty days from the 4th day of December, 1931,
file in writing with the City Clerk a written acceptance of the terms of this Resolution,
executed by its proper officers under the seal of said corporation.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk shall furnish a copy of this Res-
olution to said Nevada Gas Company, Ltd.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 11th day of December, 1931, at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
Clark County, Nevada.

December 21st, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 21st day of December 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and
Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner German.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 11th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 11th day of December, 1931 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Pro. Tem. German, Commissioners Mundy,
Thomas, and Hansell, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Mayor E.W.Cragin.

Semi-monthly salary bills of the Police and Street Departments allowed.

Finance Commissioner Thomas directed that $1100.00 be transferred from the General Fund
to the Police and Fire Fund.

At this time the members of the Board entered into a discussion on the new licensing
ordinance and the rates to be placed on the various businesses. No action taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
the 21st day of December 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.