In South Addition.

Garces Street from Main Street to Fifth Street.
be and the same are for each of said separate improvements hereby accepted and ordered filed
with the City Clerk for public examination.

The votes on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell and
German, and O.J. Smith, Mayor Pro. Tem. voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolve that the specifications for the purposed improvement of asphaltic concrete
pavement, Durite Process, upon the streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas
as shown by the estimates of cost, plats and diagrams adopted on this date, and filed with
the Clerk of the City for public examination, be and the same is hereby adopted, and that the
license agreement tendered by Durite Asphalt Company of America be filed with the Clerk of this
Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German, and

O.J. Smith Mayor pro Tem voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Re-
solution was duly adopted:			

Resolved that the specifications for the proposed improvement of hydraulic cement concrete curbs, 
gutters and rough grading upon the streets, and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas as shown by the 
estimates of cost, and plats, and diagrams adopted on this date and filed with the Clerk of the City for public 
examination be and the same are hereby adopted, and that the license agreement tendered by the Suconem
Corporation covering the use of Waterproofing Cement and Composition be filed with the Clerk
of This Board.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German
and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon Motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that Notice of Proposed improvement of asphaltic concrete pavement, Durite
Process, in the City of Las VEGas on the streets, and portions of streets as shown by the
estimates of cost, plats, and diagrams adopted on their date, and filed with the Clerk of the
City for public examination, in the form as presented to the Board, be and the same is hereby
ordered to be published in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City
of Las Vegas, and that Wednesday the 6th day of November 1929 at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M.

at the Board Room of this Board in the County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas be and the
same is hereby fixed as the time for the holding of a meeting of this Board for the purpose
of considering any suggestions or objections that may be made by the parties interested with
respect to the proposed improvements, and that notices in the same form be posted in at least
three public places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or near the post office
of the city and posting notices in three public places near the site of the proposed work.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German
and Mayor Pro. Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas Seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resoled that Notice of Proposed improvement of hydraulic cement concrete curbs
and gutter, and rough grading, Suconem Coproration, in the City of Las Vegas, on the streets
and portions of streets as shown by the estimates of cost, plats, and diagrams adopted this date
and filed with the Clerk of the City for public examination, in the form as presented to the
Board, be and the same is hereby ordered to be published in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly
newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas, and that Wednesday the 8th day of November 1929
at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of this Board in the County Court House
in the City of Las Vegas be and the same is hereby fixed as the time for holding of a meeting
of this Board for the purpose of considering any suggestions or objections that may be made
by the parties interested with respect to the proposed improvements and that notices in the
same form be posted in at least three places in each ward, and also by posting a notice in or
near the post office of the city, and posting noices in three public places near the site
of the proposed work.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and
German, and Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith voting Aye. Noes. None. 

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meet-
ing then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA.
OCTOBER 31st, 1929.

SPECIAL MEETING. Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and German,
Call for Special Meeting.

To Viola Burns, City Clerk,

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board Room of said Board at the County Court House in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clerk, State of Nevada on Thursday the 31st day of October 1929
at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon the following business.

1. Bill of Clay H. Williams for §113.15 for damages on account of defective side-

walk space.

2.	Matter of extension of time for commencement of work by Las Vegas Gas Co;

Under Ordinance 136.

Your will give notice in accordance herewith.

J.	F. Hesse Mayor.