On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that a retail Beverage License be granted to Helen Monday for 206 Wilson Ave; Westside. Appli-
cation being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioners Marble it was moved and carried
that J.D. Corey be granted one slot machine license. Application being in proper form and
money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioners Marble seconded by Commissioners Down it was moved and carried
that the following Permit be granted;

That the American Legion Post #8 Department of Nevada be and is hereby granted a Permit
from the City of Las Vegas to discharge fireworks at the City Park in the City of Las Vegas on
the 11th day of November, 1936.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Thursday the 12th day of November, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS OFFICE OF THE CLERK,

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 12th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 12th day of November, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down and Marble,

City Clerk and City Attorney

At this time Mr. H. Krause and Mr. H.L. Perry the newly appointed Commissioners of the
City appeared before the Board and qualified by taking the official oath of office. Same being
administered by The City Clerk, Thereupon the entered upon their duties as Commissioners.

Mr. Perry being appoint Commissioner of Finance, and his term of office to terminate the 1st
of June, 1939, and Mr. Krause to Serve as Police Commissioner and his term of office to term-
inate the 1st of June, 1937.

The proceeding of improving a tract of ground owned by the City adjoining the Fish Hatchery
under the W.P. A. was considered. Said tract of ground to be improved with a nine hole golf
course.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commis-
sioner Down it was moved and carried that the City through its Mayor and Clerk sign the nec-
essary papers and forward same to Claude Mackey, F.E.R.A. Director of this district, and to
do each and every act toward the improving of the ground owned by the City adjoining the
Fish Hatchery with a nine hole golf course.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause the following Resol-
ution was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED; Whereas, the City of Las Vegas, Nevada has accepted the offer of the Federal
Emergency Administration of Public Works for a grant of $34,364.00 to aid in financing the con-
struction of concrete curb and gutters and oil bound gravel on certain streets in said City,
under PWA Docket No. 1021-R- Nevada, and desires to perform said work on a force account basis,

NOW, BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
that the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works, through his State Director for Nev-
ada, be requested to approve this construction by force account, for the following reasons:

(1)	The City has the equipment and the supervisory personnel to accomplish said con-
struction more economically by force account than by contract;

(2)	The type of work does not require the use of any other equipment or personnel not now.
available to the City, and there are no local contractors engaged in contracting this
type of work who would be deprived of an opportunity to bid;

(3)	Past experience of the City with outside contractors has resulted in increased cost
and inferior construction, and has led to the City's undertaking its own construction
work and representing to the taxpayers who will be included in the assessment district
that this work will be done by force account.

(4)	The estimates of the cost of construction are based upon past experience of the cost

of similar work, using City equipment and supervisory personnel and if it were necessary
to pay the assumed	of construction by contract, it would be difficult, it not

impossible, to proceed with the project or pay the cost thereof by any greater assess-
ment against the property affected.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Thursday the 19th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.