There being no further business appearing before the board at this time, the meeting re-
cessed and adjourned until the regular meeting of the board on September 4th, 1936 at the hour
of seven o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held on
the 4th day of September, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register," on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting held August 21st, read and approved as read.

The transferring of a license issued to the Norther Club at 17 Fremont for the operation of
a "race Horse Book" was brought before the Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the license heretofore
issued to the Northern Club for the operation of a "race horse book" at 17 Fremont Street be
transferred to 15 Fremont Street same to be as before under the operation of the Norther Club.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Commissioner Ward being excused before the motion was introduced.

R.J. Fyhen, Vice president of the Nevada Federation of Labor appeared before the Board in
regard to the repealing of the picketing ordinance effective in the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter received from the State Federation of Labor asking that
said ordinance be repealed, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down
it was moved and carried that the letter be referred to the City Attorney for investigation and
for report on the same to be had at an early date.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the purchasing from the Las Vegas Horseman's
Association materials used at the City race track. After some discussion on the matter on motion
of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried That Commission-
er Marble negotiate with the Horseman's Ass'n. for the purchase of the above mention materials and
report his findings to the Board at the next recessed meeting.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

The business of a member of the Board of Commissioners attending a convention of the Four
States Highway meeting in Whitefish, Montana the 10th day of September, 1936 was next considered.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that Mayor Arnett represent the City at the convention and if he was unable to attend that
he appoint a member of the Commission to act in his stead. Expense of said trip to be paid by the
City.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Wednesday the 10th day of September, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 9th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 9th day of September, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, Depty City Attorney Ham and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Taylor.

Minutes of a recessed meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 28th day of August,
1936 read and approved as read.