$77.75	Plumbing Insp.-

§679 25 Picenses Bld°* and Elect Inspectors *^c s
2l518!oo	Police Fines."

$2275.00

§77 75	W S & L

$1090.00	Police and Fire

1197.25	General.

2275.00

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
a warrant be drawn on the Publicity Fund for the sum of 20.00 to pay for a front page wel-
coming notice in the Las Vegas Evening Review, and Journal October 4th 1929 issure, welcom-
ing the San Bernardino Chamber of Commerice to Las Vegas.

Vote as follows: Commissiners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Hoes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following gaming licenses be issued,	all	having been approved by	the Police, and Fire

Commissioner, andmoney covering licenses	for	same being in the hands	of the City Clerk/

Gan ng licenses for the operation of two	tables each, and the.sum of	;150.00 being paid	to

the Clerk the same to cover the license	for	said tables were issued	to the following:

Frank Martin	.	Charles Taylor.

Sam Sterns	Gilmore and Horden	^

Byown &G$aRders	J. Boyer.

Leo Kind	F S LeRoy

The following licenses being approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner, and money
covering.same eing received by the Clerk gaming lincenses for the operation of three tables
at $250.00 for three tables were issued.

Stocker Brothers	Boulder Club.	A. T. McCarter.	^

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the ^ayor voting
Aye. Hoes Hone.

"An Ordinance Vacating &he alley running northerly and southerly through Blocks numbers
Fight and Nine in the ^ardie Addition to the City of ^as Vegas, Clark County, Nevada for
H;k school purpose^Twas read to the Board, for a second time, and passed, and ordered pub-
lished for one week tthree issues) in the Las Vegas ^ge, a tri-weekly newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance to amend, revise and rc-enact Section 1 of Ordinance No. 112 of the City of
Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to license traveling shows, circuses, hippodromes, menager-
ies and carnivals in the City of Has Vegas, and repealing Ordinance No. 105 of the City of
las Vegas, and all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict herewith" and to repeal all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflicttherewith," was	read to the	Board for a	seond	^

time, and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Thomas,	Hansell,and	S^eith,	and	His

Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, ^ame was to be in full force, and effect on and after its
complete publication for one week ( theee issues) in the Las Vegas Age, a tri-weekly news-
paper published in the City of Las Vegas.

" An Ordinance to Amend, Revise and Re-enact, Bection -2. of Ordinance No. 36 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Providing for the issuance of plumbing and sewer
conncction'Permits, for the inspection of plumbing, and sewer	connections	and for	the	regul-
ations and construction bf.plumbing work in the /ity of Las Vegas," and to repeal	all	ordinan cs

1.1 conflict therewith," was read to the Board a second time, and passedly the following vote;
Commissioners Th .-mas, Hanseel, and ^mith, and His --onor the Mayor voting Aye. Hoes Hone.	^

Same to bemin full force, and effect from, and after its complete publication for one week
(six issues) in the Las Vegas Byening eview and Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas.

The Las Vegas Gas Company, a Nevada Corporation organized to take 'over the franchise
granted.to R. F. Crittenden presented a plat to the Board for Its approval of the proposed
gas mains to be laid in the City of B&s *'cgas. After some discussion it was decided to 1-y
the natter over until some future date , for further consideration.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this tine the meeting re-
cessed until Friday October 4th at the hour of eight o'clock P.H.

Office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

October 4th, 1929

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Levada held October 4th, 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. -*?. Hesse, Commissioners Th mas, Hansell, and Smith together with the
City attorney and ^lerk, and Sunt, of B-^reets.

Absent Commissioner German.

Some of the property owners in the district asking for street paving appeared before the

Uii^nu uiiO OOSb OJ. <&L	CJ.<n.Sm Om	UiiQUi bfiQu 1JLJSU USOCL OO SOCTJ-JJOCLy

*OQC-10(i. Q- d.CSlSS.: On QS uO L-ho CJ-Q.SC	uO OO U.SO( *

rp*'"'nT<P	^	j.. -	^	^	^	Q	c***	c-