BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the City Clerk of the said City of Las Vegas be, and she
is hereby authorized and directed to have official ballots prepared and to do and preform
all such other or further acts, and give such notices as may be necessary or required by the
charter of said City or by the general election laws of the State of Nevada, in order that said
election may be called and held, and that the qualified voters of said City may have due notice
thereof.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that all the provisions of the general election laws of the
State of Nevada, so far as the same may be applicable and not inconsistent with the said
City Charter of the said City of Las Vegas, shall be observed in conducting said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor, or Mayor Pro tem of said City of Las Vegas,
be and he is hereby authorized and directed to issue a proclamation giving notice of the hold-
ing of said election, and that such proclamation contain the information necessary to fairly
apprize the qualified voters of said City of Las Vegas of the date, time and place of hold-
ing and purpose of said election.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that such proclamation be published in the Las Vegas Evening
Review-Journal, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County, State of Nevada, for one issue not less than six weeks prior to the date of such
election, and that printed copies of such proclamation be posted forthwith by the City
Clerk of said City in not less than three conspicuous places in each election precinct in
said City.

The ballot at such election shall contain such further questions as may properly
be submitted to the vote of the qualified electors of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith and

German and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes none.

At this time the Board took up the matter of the locating of a Veteran's Hos-
pital and upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith the following
Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas the community of Las Vegas has solicited the establishment of a veterans
 hospital in or near the City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas, as a necessary adjunct to such an institution it will be required that
a suitable road be built in said City leading to the site of said hospital,

Now Therefore, Be It Resolved, that this Board hereby pledges, the City of Las
Vegas to establish such suitable road leading to the site of said hospital if the
established in the City Limits, and leading to the said City Limits if said hospital is est-
ablished in Clark County, Nevada, outside of said City Limits.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday the 16th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 16th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German and Thomas.

The vacating of certain streets and portions of streets in Fairview Addition
was brought before the Board at this time.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the follow-
ing Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, That certain map of Fairview Addition was executed and filed for record
in the office of the County Recorder of Lincoln County, Nevada, on July 10, 1905, and
recorded in Book A of Plats, page 11, Lincoln County, Nevada Records, and

WHEREAS, That certain map of Fairview Tract was executed and filed for record in
the office of the County Recorder of Clark County, Nevada, April 12, 1911 and recorded
in Book 1 of Plats page 7, Clark County, Nevada Records, and

WHEREAS, Both of said above mentioned maps cover the same land, and

Whereas, The street and alleys shown and delineated on said map of Fairview
Tract has adequate and sufficient streets and alleys for the use of the property owners
in that section of the City and of the public, and that no use or necessity exists for the
streets as shown on Fairview Addition