Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

July 25th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of July 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett
and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time Attorney T.A.Wells appeared before the Board asking the said Board to make
a provision by ordinance allowing merchants to peddle wares from their fixed places of business.

No action was taken on the matter at this time and members of the Board of Commissioners were
to get in touch with other merchants and ascertain if such an ordinance would be satisfactory
with them.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Down a number of slot machine
licenses were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on
file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that on the recommendation of O.C. Boggs the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, that the
beer license granted to the Las Salle Club for 124 No. 1st Street be revoked, as said place
of business had become a public nuisances.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and his
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

C.C. Underhill, prepresenting the Coca Cola Bottling Company appeared before the Board at
this time and ask that he be given an extension of time to secure a bond as required under
Ordinance No. 199 of the City of Las Vegas, covering the collection of excise tax as same is set
forth in Ordinance No. 199. He was given an extension of time till the next regular meeting of
the Board on August 4th, 1933.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that the
Wholesale Liquor license No. 6 of James Squires be revoked, on the grounds that he had failed
to comply with the terms of Ordinance No. 199 of the City of Las Vegas by not filing a bond in
the sum of $500.00 insuring the payment of the excise tax as same is set forth in Ordinance
No. 199, and had also failed to pay said excise tax for the months of May and June, 1933.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett the beer license granted
to E.R. Gates for the Old Ranch was revoked. The application for same having met with the
approval of the Board of Commissioners but said E.R. Gates failing to secure said license
after it had been granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of having the City join the American Municipal Association was
next brought before the Board for consideration, and after some discussion on the matter
the following Resolution was introduced and passed on Motion of Commissioner German, seconded
by Commissioner Arnett,

BE IT RESOLVED, by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas that this City
become a subscribing member to the American Municipal Association in order that all benefits
and services of said official organization of Cities be made available to the City of Las Vegas,
and that the cooperation on common and mutual problems with other cities throughout the United
States may effectively be carried on.

AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk (Official Finance Officer) be hereby in-
structed to draw a warrant for $25.00 in favor of the American Municipal Association for the
annual service fees.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner German, P. Nash the Incumbent Deputy
Pure Food and Drug Inspector of the State of Nevada be appointed Milk Inspector under Ordinance
No. 200 of the City of Las Vegas. This appointment being made on the recommendation of the Milk
Ordinance Committee, and that the City Clerk is hereby instructed to issue all milk permits
recommended by said Milk Ordinance Committee.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down, and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Minutes of previous meetings read corrected and approved.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.