The audit of the books of the City as made by W. J. Hooper was read to the Board,
and ordered placed on file. The Clerk was directed to write the Municipal Judge, and the
President of the Cemetery Board asking each to turn all monies over to the City Clerk here-
after and not to the City Treasurer has has been done in the past.

All communication were head to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it Was moved that
the City accept the license agreements of the Durite Asphalt Company of America, and the
Suconem Corporation. Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the Clerk have advertisements calling for bids on Durite Asphaltic Concrete, (Coarse
Aggregate) Pavement, and Hydraulic Cement Concrete curb and Gutter, and rough grading pub-
lished in the Las Vegas Age on the following dates, November 9th, 12th and 16th. Said bids
to be opened on Friday the 22nd day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Saturday the 9th day of November at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 9th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 9th day of November 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, to-gether with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the Board entered in to a discussion was to the hiring an engineer for
the City to be in charge of the proposed paving, and other matters relating thereto.

At this time no decision was reached, and the meeting then recessed until Tues.
the 12th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 12th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 12th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and German together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of November 7th, 8th and 9th 1929, read, and approved as read.

The following Resolution from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce was read to the Board.

WHEREAS, Motor traffic on the Arrowhead Trail (U. S. 91) between Southern California and
Las Vegas is steadily increasing in volume, and
WHEREAS, The importance of said section of said highway is evidenced by the fact that the
State of California has voted an expenditure in excess of two million three hun-
dred thousand dollars for the improvement and reconstruction of said highway be-
tween Barstow, California, and the California-Nevada State line, and

WHEREAS, The matter of good roads between Las Vegas, Nevada, and Southern California is of
greater importance to the Southern part of Nevada at this time than to elsewhere,
and

WHEREAS, That section of said highway extending from Jean, Nevada, to the California- Nevada
line, an approximate distance of fourteen miles, is in poor repair, NOW THEREFORE
BE IT

RESOLVED; That the Las Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce, in regular meeting assembled this
fifth day of November 1929, urge the Nevada State Department of Highways, to im-
mediately direct their activities toward the improvement of that section of the
Arrowhead Trail ( U. S. 91) extending from the end of the improved highway at or
near Jean, Nevada, to the California-Nevada State line, and to connect with said
highway at said State line, and BE IT FURTHER

RESOLVED: That a copy of this resolution be forwarded to the Las V gas City Commissioners,
the local office of the State Highway Department and to the State Highway Depart-
ment Headquarters, Carson City, Nevada.