missioner asking the City to grant the Federal State Free Employment Office to erect a tem-
porary building on the property owned by the Elk's Club on Carson Street near Second Street
so that the office may be maintained in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
The Federal-State Free Employment Office be granted permission to erect a temporary building,
and same be built so that it may be moved off of said location at any time.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
action of the Board taken on Friday the 14th day of August in regards to the passing of and
Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Sections 1, 3, 6, and 9 of Ordinance No. 161, of
the City of Las Vegas, and to amend said Ordinance by adding a new section to be known as
Section 22A, and repealing all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith,"
be rescinded as some corrections were ask for by the Electricians of the City of Las Vegas,
and that said above mentioned Ordinance be read for a second time at this recessed regular
meeting, and to be in full force from and after its final and complete publication.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon the said above mentioned Ordinance was read for a second time and passed,
and adopted by the following vote; Commissioners Mundy, and German, and His Honor the Mayor
E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said Ordinance published for one week, six issues, in
the Las Vegas Age, and daily newspaper printed in the City of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance to
be know as Ordinance, No. 174.

Francis C. DeVinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor presented to the Board, Assessment Roll
prepared under the provisions of Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las Vegas. Upon motion
duly made, seconded and carried the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas Francis C. DeVinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor, has presented to this Board
an Assessment Roll prepared under the provisions of Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las
Vegas,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved that the said Assessment Roll be forthwith filed in the
Office of the City Clerk and Numbered "Special Assessment No. 15,"

Be It Further Resolved, that the time when the Board of City Commissioners and said
Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet to review such assessments be fixed at Monday the 5th
day of October, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. at the council room of this Board
in the said City of Las Vegas, and that the Clerk of this Board give notice of the time
appointed for the review of said assessments, and that said notice be published for two
weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed in the City of Las
Vegas.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Francis C.DeVinney also presented to the Board, Assessment Roll prepared under
Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried
the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas Francis C.Devinney, Ex-Officio City Assessor, has presented to this Board
an Assessment Roll prepared under provisions of Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved that the said Assessment Roll be forthwith filed in
the Office of the City Clerk and Numbered "Special Assessment No. 16,"

Be It Further Resolved, that the time when the Board of City Commissioners and said
Ex-Officio City Assessor shall meet to review such assessments be fixed at Monday the 5th
day of October, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M. at the council room of this Board
in the City of Las Vegas, and that the Clerk of this Board give notice of the time appoint-
ed for the review of said assessments, and that said notice be published for two weeks in
the Las Vegas Evening-Review Journal, a daily newspaper printed in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 4 of Ordinance No. 129 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance to amend, revise and re-enact Sections 2 and 19
of Ordinance No. 36 entitled "An Ordinance providing for the issuance of plumbing and
sewer connection permits, for the inspection of plumbing and sewer connections and for
the regulation and construction of plumbing work in the City of Las Vegas," and further
amending said Ordinance by adding thereto two sections to be known as 2a and 2b respect-
ively, and to repeal all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday Sept. 29th at the hour of three o'clock P.M.