On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the Board reconsider the action taken at a recessed meeting of the Board of City Commissioners
held on the 3rd day of June, 1935 in regard to the salary of O.C. Boggs, Chief of the Las Vegas
Police Department.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
O.C. Boggs Chief of the Las Vegas Police Department be paid his entire salary for the month of June
1935, in the sum of $225.00, but that his services as such office would terminate on June 15th,
1935, The new chief taking office June 16th, 1935.

The following was called, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

Harve Perry and Walter Hunsaker appeared before the Board at this time in regard to securing
light for proposed "soft ball court" to be built on the City park grounds.

They were assured that the City would do all in its power to secure lights for the same.

The appointing of two member to the City Planning Commission was next brought before the
Board for consideration. The terms of A.W. Ham and C.V.T. Gilbert expiring as of May 25th, 1935.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the said C.V.T. Gilbert and A.W. Ham be appointed to succeed themselves as member of the City Plann-
ing Commission their terms of office to expire May 25th, 1939.

Vote was as follows; Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

he Clerk drawing the attention of the Board to the fact that a member of the Board should be
appointed on the Milk Ordinance Committee it was on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Com-
missioner Marble moved and carried that Mr. Ward be appointed as a member of the Milk Ordinance
Committee to represent the Board on such committee.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed until
Thursday the 13th day of June, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Office of the City Clerk City of Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada.

June 13th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 13th day of June, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll Call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble and Farnsworth,

City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns. Absent Commissioners Ward, and Down.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the oath office and Bond of David Farnsworth be accepted and filed with the City
Clerk.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Mr. A.R.Thompson assistant State Engineer for the P.W.A. appeared before the Board at this
time and explained in detail how the City may secure financial held on City improvement pro-
jects.

Mr. Alfred Blackman, City Auditor appeared before the Board and explained in detail
the condition of the budget of the City of Las Vegas. By order of the Board of City Com-
missioners the City Clerk and Auditor were directed to transfer funds from the General Fund of
the City to the various other funds so that ell over drafts might be covered.

At this time the Board took under consideration the improving of the streets in the
City with oil bound gravel. After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and seconded that that City complete
if possible, all the projects petitioned for, and that no more petitions be accepted by the,
Clerk or money received until the further order of the Board of City Commissioners, covering
this class of work.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 20th day of June at the hour of seven thirty O'clock P.M.