

that the notice of intention be posted in the required number of places, and said notices be
published for two weeks, every issue in the local papers, and that the Clerk cause said
notices to be posted, after being properly sign by the mayor, and attest by the clerk under
the seal of the City. That the time set for hearing of protests, if any, on said improvement
be on Friday the 9th day of January, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 22nd day of December, 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 22nd, 1930.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 22nd day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Hansell.

Commissioner Thomas was appointed by the Mayor to approve several bills as Finance
Commissioner, due to Finance Commissioner German.

Mr. Webster L. Benham, of the Benham Engineering Company of Kansas City Mo. appeared
before the Board in regards to the contract held between the City of Las Vegas, and Koebig
and Koebig, for sewer improvement in the City of Las Vegas. Mr. Benham had been in communi-
cation with Mr. Koebig, and was of the impression that Koebig and Koebig would like to
transfer said contract to the Benham Engineering Company, if such could be done.

After some discussion on the matter the Clerk was directed to write to Mr. A. W. Ham
chairman of a Committee appointed some time ago to investigate the matter of the contract
between the City of Las Vegas, and the firm of Koebig and Koebig, Sanitary Engineers, for
the construction of a sewer plant and system in the City of Las Vegas, and ask that said
Committee make an investigation into the matter of the transfer of said contract, and to
assure themselves as to the standing of Mr. Benham as an engineer, and have a report ready
to present to the Board of Commissioners January 1st, 1931.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 1st, 1931.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 1st day of January, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith with the City Clerk.

No business appealing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Friday
the 2nd day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.