OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 15th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Arnett, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down on leave.

Minutes of all previous meeting to June 5th read and approved as read.

John Graglia appeared before the Board at this time asking financial aid for the City Band.

As no funds were available in the Publicity Fund at this time the City was not able to help in a
material way with the expenses of said band.

W.G. Watts appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the radio interferences
in the City of Las Vegas. No definite action was taken at this time.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that the beer license of Anna Liba for the Silver Slipper Club be transferred to Mary Lou and Earl
West and the name of the Silver Slipper Club be changed to the "Willows".

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Arnett and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a report was made from the informal meeting held on the 11th day of June
with the Committee of Public Morals in regard to the issuing of Keno and Tango licenses in the
City of Las Vegas. After meeting informally with the Committee of Public Morals it was decided
that no Tango or Keno or similar licenses be issued in the City of Las Vegas.

At this time the passage of a suitable resolution on the demise of City Policeman,

Ernie James May, was brought before the Board and the following Resolution on motion of Commissioner
German seconded by Commissioners Arnett was adopted:

	WHEREAS, on the 8th day of June, 1933, City Policeman, Ernie James May, departed this

life, and

WHEREAS, the said Ernie James May was and had been a faithful, conscientious and courage-
ous officer of the City of Las Vegas, ever alert in performing his duty in the preservation of
life and property of the citizens and city which he was serving, and

WHEREAS, in the death and untimely passing of Ernie James May, the City of Las Vegas has
suffered a great loss and the County of Clark and the State of Nevada a worthy and valuable citizen:

NOW, THEREFORE, on motion duly made, seconded and unanimously carried, it was

RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, by and through its Mayor, and Board of City Com-
missioners, deeply feels the loss sustained, and extends to the widow and family, the mother, brothers
and sisters of Ernie James May its deepest expression of condolence and sympathy in their bereave-
ment and bespeaks the individual sorrow of the Mayor and each and every member of the Board of Com-
missioners and the officers of said City, with whom the said Ernie James May labored, and whom he
so ably served.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the minutes of the
Board of Commissioners and a copy thereof be forwarded to the widow and family, the mother, and the
brothers, and sisters of the deceased.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following traffic
rules were adopted. To be effective at once.

Parallel parking with 45 minute limit on Fremont Street, Main to 5th Street.

45 degree angle parking on Main, First, Second, Third, and Fourth Streets between
Fremont and Carson Street with 45 minute limit.

45 degree angle parking on Main, First, Second Third between Fremont and Ogden and on
Fourth to the alley between Fremont and Ogden Street from the Fremont Street side with 45 minute
limit.

Four taxi stands is limit allowed on Fremont Street with length of 20 feet for each
stand. Taxi drivers to get permission from property owners for stand and to paint and maintain their
own stands.

Bus stop spaces to be cut down to a minimum of length.

No loading zones on Fremont Street.

Transfer companies to have no stands on Fremont Street but to be given a stand on side s
street under the same conditions as the stands allocated to the taxi drivers.

45 degree angle parking on Carson Street between Main and 5th Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance to Amend Section LXXXXIV of Ordinance No. 170 of the City of Las Vegas,
entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas Regulating Travel and Traffic upon the Public Streets;
Establishing a Central Traffic District; and providing Penalty for the Breach of any Rules or Re-
gulations Regarding Traffic in this Ordinance Provided, and Repealing Ordinances No. 66-68-69-86-90-