

The appointing of a permanent City Engineer was next brought before the Board for consideration, and on
motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that C.D. Baker
be appointed to the position of City Engineer. To qualify by taking the official oath of office
and filing with the Clerk a bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars, to hold office at the pleasure
of the Board of Commissioners.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that the
salary of the City Engineer be the sum of One Hundred Fifty Dollars per month, and that he be the acting
Building and Plumbing Inspector of the City of Las Vegas. As such City Engineer he meet the require-
ments as is set forth in Ordinance No. 163 of the City of Las Vegas, and in Section 5½A of the
Charter of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Down, Commissioner of Water Sewer and Lights announced that no change was being anticipated
in any of his various departments at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the office of the Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas be declared vacant as of this date, 3rd of
June, 1935, and that Dave Mackey be appointed Chief of Police to be effective on and after June 16th, '35.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Marble Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
O.C. Boggs, Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas be paid his salary from the 1st to the 15th
of June, 1935,(Inclusive)

Vote was as follows Commissioners Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commissioner
Marble not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to write Mr. O.C. Boggs and extend to him the apprec-
iation of the Board of City Commissioners for his services rendered the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

Mr. Claude Mackey, of the F.E.R.A. appeared before the Board and ask that that body co-operate
with the F.E.R.A. in the securing of a fish hatchery for this locality.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas co-operate in every way possible with the

F.E.R.A. for the securing of a fish hatchery for this community.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and seconded that
the office of Municipal Judge be declared vacant effective June 16th, 1935.

Voting Commissioners Marble, Down and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
T.M. Carroll be appointed Municipal Judge for the City of Las Vegas, Same to be effective as of
June 16th, 1935. Salary to be $100.00 per month, and said T.M. Carroll to qualify by taking the
official oath of office and filing with the City Clerk a bond in the sum of $2,000.00

Vote was as follows Commissioners Ward, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Com-
missioner Down not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the office of City Attorney be declared vacant as of June 16th, 1935. That A.S. Henderson, present
City Attorney be allowed his entire salary for the month of June, 1935. Salary of new City attorney
to begin as of June 16th, 1935.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

On motion of Mayor Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that Ryland
Taylor be appointed City Attorney, to hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners,
and to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing in the Clerk's office a bond in the
sum of One thousand Dollars. Salary for said office being $200.00 per month.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and
carried that the City Clerk be directed to write letters of appreciation to both Frank McNamee,
and A.S. Henderson for their faithful services to the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

The giving of financial aid to the band of the City of Las Vegas was next taken under con-
sideration and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and
carried that the sum of Twenty-five Dollars be taken from the Publicity Fund for the next four
months that is to say, June, July, August and September, 1935 to be used for the support of said
band.

Vote was as follow Commissioners Marble, Ward and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.