There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved,
that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, endorse the Resolution passed by
the Las Vegas, Nevada Chamber of Commerce at its regular meeting held on November 5th, 1929.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor vot-
ing Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 15th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 15th, 1929.

a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on Friday the
15th day of November 1929, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Smith together with the City Attorney
, and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and German.

Minutes of meeting of November 12th read and approved as read.

The gaming application of Woo Weget for a license to conduct two gaming tables at the
rate of $150.00 per quarter was brought before the Board. The same being approved by the
Police, and Fire Commissioner.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that a license be issued to Woo Woget.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse
voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 18th of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 18th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 18th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, Smith and German, together
with the Deputy City Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of November 15th Read and approved as read.

A. H. Koebig of Korbig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers, was present and presented to the
Board the preliminary survey for the proposed sewer system.

There upon the members of the Board, and MR. Koebig entered into a discussion as to the
proposed sewer system.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 22nd day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.