OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 22nd, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 22nd day of December 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy Arnett and Down, City Attorney
and Clerk.

Mayor Cragin and Commissioner German absent.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that	Mundy be appointed as acting Mayor owing to the absence of Commissioner German, Mayor

Pro Tem and Mayor Cragin.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett and Down voting Aye. Commissioner
Mundy not voting.

Commissioner Mundy at once took the chair as acting Mayor of the City of Las Vegas and
presided over the meeting of the Board of Commissioners.

C.J. Mackey of the Federal Transient Relief of the City of Las Vegas appeared before the
Board in regard to work on publicly owned properties by the men housed at the Transient Relief
Camp.

He was directed to proceed with the cleaning up of the unimproved property near the
New Federal Building. Also to clean out the Vegas Creek.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following liquor
licenses for the City of Las Vegas were granted. Applications being in proper form and money to
cover same being on file with the City Clerk.

J.T. Watters	Wholesale Liquor Store $150.00

Rose Distributing Co. Retail Family Liquor Store 50.00

Jack W. Sterling	"	"	"	"	50.00

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett and Down, and Acting Mayor
W.B. Mundy voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section 5 and Section 16 as amended, of
Ordinance No. 203 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and
control of intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under
what conditions said intoxicating alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away
or otherwise distributed; providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the viol-
ation of this ordinance ;and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict there-
with." was read for a first and second time and passed as an emergency Ordinance. Said ordinance
to be published in the Las Vegas Age for two weeks, that is to say once a week for two weeks,
and to be in full force and effect from and after its final publication, and said ordinance is to
be known as Ordinance No. 205 of the City of Las Vegas, and passed by the following vote:
Commissioners Arnett, Down and Acting Mayor W.B. Mundy voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin Commissioners Mundy, German, Down and
Arnett, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk.

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance Commission-
er owing to the late arrival of that Commissioner.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the City

Clerk.



Money received for the month of December 1933 as follows:

$34,793.44 Taxes, special Assessments

720.00	Poll Tax

50.00 Sale of Cemetery Lots

740.00	Municipal Court Fines
8,355.72 Licenses, and fees.

44,659.16 Total Collections

Money distributed as follows:

$34,793.44	Taxes distributed	as	per budget

720.00	Street Fund Poll	Tax.

50.00	Cemetery Fund

5,000.00	P and F Fund

4.095.72	General Fund

44,659.16	Total.

At this time a number of plumbers appeared before the Board and ask that the ordinance