Thereupon, it appearing to the Board that J.H. Down has received a plurality of all
votes cast for City Commissioners Second Class, and L.L. Arnett has received a plurality of
all votes cast for Commissioner of the Fourth Class and that Viola Burns has received a
plurality of all votes cast for City Clerk, it was,

RESOLVED, that the said J.H. Down, be and he is hereby declared to be the duly elected
City Commissioner of the Second Class of the City of Las Vegas for the ensuing four years, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said L.L. Arnett is hereby declared to be the duly elected
City Commissioner of the Fourth Class for the ensuing term of four years, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Viola Burns is hereby declared to be the duly elected
City Clerk for the ensuing term of four years, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to issue a
certificate of election to each of the above candidates.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and His Honor the
Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

A.E. Cahlan, Dr. J.D. Smith, Reed Whipple and Vernon Bunker appeared before the Board
at this time petitioning the City of Las Vegas to lay sidewalks in block 24 South Addition to
the City of Las Vegas on the 6th Street side of said Block. No action was taken on the matter
at this time.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
City Attorney write to the Fuller Construction Company, Dalas Texas and request said company
to repair manholes and pipe lines in the City laid by said Fuller Construction company last
July and August. A copy of said letter to sent to Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer,
Oklahoma City Okla.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor Voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the
City Attorney write Olof Nelson, Contractor on Highway being built through the City of Las
Vegas at the present time, and direct him to repair street approaches to both South Fifth
Street and North Main Street, and a copy of the letter to be sent to C.C. Boyer, Supt. of
Highways Southern District.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the City Attorney was
directed to write Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City of Las Vegas on sewer
system recently installed and inform him that the plans prepared by the Benham Engineer Co.
are not correct in regards to the location of the wyes left for connection to the system, and
also state in said letter that same besides being an inconvenience to property owners has
caused the City additional expense.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the applications of Ben Minter for one poker table for the Exchange
Club for the present quarter, and a liquor license for one year. Applications being in proper
form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
seconded that the above mentioned licenses be granted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and
Carried that permission be granted to T.J. Settle at the City Drug Store Luncheonette to
sell draught beer.	

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Minutes of all previous meetings to April 4th read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 23rd day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.