Resolved, that the application of H.C. Keyes filed with the Board of Commissioners
for permit to lay down, install, and maintain a gas plant and system in the City of Las
Vegas, and the members of the said Board being favorably impressed with said application
and the bond to be filed with the Board, that the City Attorney be instructed to submit
to the Board at the next meeting of said Board a form of permit for the approval of said
Board.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business then appearing before the Board the meeting recessed until
Monday the 15th day of December, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, County of Clark,

State of Nevada.

December 15th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 15th day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, German, and Hansell together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of December 12th read and approved as read.

Commissioner Thomas was appointed to approve a claim as Finance Commissioner due
to the absence of Commissioner German Finance Commissioner, at the opening of the meeting.

At this time City Attorney Stevens presented to the Board for its approval a form
of permit to H.C. Keyes for permission to lay down, install and maintain a gas plant and
system in the City of Las Vegas.

After due consideration upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commission-
er Thomas the following Resolution was introduced:

Resolved, that whereas H.C. Keyes did on the 12th day of December 1930, file with
the Board of City Commissioners an Application praying for a permit to be granted to him
and his assigns for the laying down, installing, and maintaining a gas plant and system
in the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of suppling manufactured or natural gas to the
inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and

Whereas the Board of Commissioners of said City look with favor upon the grant-
ing of said Permit, and the filing with the City of a cash bond of $1000.00, and the
form of Permit submitted by City Attorney Stevens being satisfactory to all parties con-
cerned, that said Permit be granted to H.C. Keyes, and his assigns, said permit to be
executed in triplicate, to be approved by the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, and attest by the City
Clerk, under the seal of said City, Said Permit to be on file in the office of the City Clerk
Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell left before the vote was cast.

Mr. H. C. Keyes at once file with the Clerk $500.00 cash as required in section
nine of said Permit.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 17th day of December, 1930 at the hoar of three o'clock P.M.