said bond and oath were approved and ordered filed in the office of the City Clerk.

Thereupon Messrs Thomas and Hansell entered upon the duties of their office.

Thereupon, his Honor, the Mayor, made the following appointments, to-wit: Commissioner, W. C.
German transferred from Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights to Finance Commissioner; Commissioner
L. B. Hansell was appointed Water, Sewer and Light Commissioner; Commissioner R. W. Thomas was
appointed Police and Fire Commissioner; Commissioner O. J. Smith continuing as commissioner of
streets and public places.

The next order of business was the election of a Mayor Pro tem. Commissioner Thomas placed
the name of Commissioner O. J. Smith in nomination for said office of Mayor Pro tem.

Commissioner L. B. Hansell nominated Commissioner W. C. German for said office. Commissioner
German declined the nomination, stating his reasons therefor, and placed the name of Commissioner
L. B. Hansell in nomination for said office. His Honor, the Mayor, thereupon ordered a secret
ballot taken to determine the election of the Mayor Pro tem, the result being that Commissioner

O.	J. Smith received two votes and Commissioner L. B. Hansell one vote. His Honor, the Mayor,
thereupon declared Commissioner O. J. Smith duly elected to the office of Mayor Pro tem.

No further business appearing, the meeting was duly adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY
OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK CO. NEVADA.

June 6th, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 6th of June 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present: His Honor, the Mayor J. F. Hesse: Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German,R. W.
Thomas also City Attorney, Clerk, and Engineer for the City.

Absent: Commissioner L. C. Hansell.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of previous meeting rend, and approved as read. All Claims allowed as shown by
Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the Clerk.	

Owing to the absence of Commissioner Hansell Commissioner German to O. K. all Water,
and Sewer & Light fund.

On motion duly made, and seconded and carried that all monies collected by the City
Clerk the Municipal Judge, Plumbing Inspector for fees, and fines, and licenses be apport-
ioned as follows:

$2,000.00 to the Police, and Fire Fund

87.50	"	" Water Sewer & Light Fund

1,285.00 "	" General Fund.

3,372.50	Total.Collected.

On motion duly made, seconded, and carried that the City take up the note at the Sou.
Nevada Bank for $2,500.00 emergency loan, also pa last interest due on same amounting to

75.00.

Plat of Artesian Park Estate Owned by Boulder Canyon Land Development Co. Situated
Sec. 5 T27 S R 61 E Approved.