At this time the business of having the State Highway Department to maintain the State
Highways through the City of Las Vegas was brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

Resolved that the Highway Department of the State of Nevada be required to maintain the
highways through the City of Las Vegas. Said highways being on the following streets:

Along North Main St. from the North City Limits to the junction of Main and Fremont
Street, Fremont Street from Main to Fifth Street, Fifth Street from its junction with Fre-
mont Street to the South City Limits, and Fremont from its junction with Fifth Street to the
East City Limits.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to send a copy of the above Resolution to the State Highway Dept.
in Carson City, Nevada.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following slot
machine licenses were grant. Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same
being on file with the Clerk.

E.P. Bihlmaier	2 Slot machines.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A communication from Julia P. Mundy, Secretary of the Cemetery Board, asking that the
City call for bids on a well to be ,located at the cemetery, and the same to be paid for
out of the Cemetery Fund.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the City call for bids on a well to be drilled at the Cemetery. Said bids to be opened in
the office of the City Clerk Friday the 20th day of May, 1932 at the our of three o'clock
P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time Mayor Cragin appointed Mrs. C.D.Breeze to succeed herself as a member of
the City Planning Commission. Said vacancy to fall due on May 25,1932.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas, proceedings were heretofore instituted in accordance with the provisions of
the Charter of the City of Las Vegas for the construction of lateral sewers in has was
designated as District No. 1, wherein and whereby notices calling for protests were duly
published and posted, setting the date of hearing on the 3rd day of May, 1932 at three
o'clock P.M. and on said last mentioned date certain protests against said proposed im-
provement were filed with this Board and the City Engineer was directed to check the same
to ascertain whether such protests were sufficient in amount and number to restrain
further procedure under said plan of improvement and

Whereas, on this 13th day of May, 1932, said City Engineer has reported to this
Board and this Board has found and determined that such protests were not sufficient in
amount or number to restrain further proceedings under said plan of improvement and that,
unless other action should be taken by this Board said improvement should be ordered, and

Whereas, it appears to this Board that the district embraced in said proposed plan
of improvement, as aforesaid, contains a great many unimproved lots and parcels of land
which have steadily decreased in value to such an extent that it appears to this Board that
many people whose property would be assessed thereunder would either fail, neglect or
refuse, as a business proposition to pay such assessments or any part thereof, or should
such assessments go to bond that the low value of said lots and parcels of land and the
steadily decline in the value thereof would tend to make the bonds unsaleable in view of
the present and long continued depression of the municipal bond market and the specific ex-
perience had by this Board in being able to secure a bidder upon the bonds issued to
provide funds for the construction of the main sewers, of which said laterals would connect
except as a last resort securing the Public Service Commissioner of the State of Nevada to
take up said bonds in connection with the construction of said main sewer system,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that it is sense of this Board that it would be 
contrary to the best interests of the City of Las Vegas and to the property owners affected
thereby to proceed at this time with said proposed improvement embracing such large per-
centage of low priced lots and parcels of land, notwithstanding the failure of a suff-
icient amount of protests being filed against said improvement, that the said im-
provement in the form already proceeded with be and the same is hereby abandoned and all
action theretofore taken under said proceedings be and the same is hereby rescinded.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the installing of sewer laterals
in a smaller area of the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
the the plans, estimates, plats and diagrams of Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer
for the City of Las Vegas be accepted, and that notices of intention for said improve-
ment be posted and published calling for protest hearing on the 31st day of May, 1932
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

"An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by the con-
struction of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across the necessary streets, avenues,
alleys, easements and lots, making connection with the public sewer; describing definitely
the location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expenses thereof shall be
paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the special assessment
district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the General
Fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment bonds
for the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto," was read for a first time and
laid over for a second reading.