Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of Bill Noon and H.E. Faxon for gaming licenses to be
operated under at 219 North First Street in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of
Nevada, be and the same is hereby denied for the reason that under Ordinance No. 165 of said
city six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued solely for the operation of slot mach-
ines) have already been issued in this City, some of which are near said location, and upon
careful consideration of the question, we believe that public interest requires that no
additional licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot machines and for
additional games, at the location for which license is already granted, under the provisions
of Sec. 9 of said Ordinance No. 165, 'Any licensee holding a valid existing license from the
City of Las Vegas, and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a current quarter may,
during such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot machines, games or devices
as the case may be, over and above the particular number of slot machines, games or devices
for which he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter by paying to the
City Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional particular slot machine,
game or device, as the case may be, and for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional
license for the remainder of such quarter, and the additional license shall be upon the same
terms and conditions as though issued under the provisions of Section 8 of this Ordinance,'
be granted in this city in excess of the number already granted, until further order of this
Board and until further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation
of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation of the public and the granting
of such further or other licenses will not contravene public interest and will not require
an excessive amount of police protection for a city the size of Las Vegas, Nevada, having in
mind the funds provided for police protection under the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets hereto-
fore adopted and the state of the City funds applicable to police protection.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded By Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the application of Arthur C. Laid, Theodore Peterson and Frank Converse
for gaming licenses to be operated under at 22 Fremont Street in the City of Las Vegas, County
of Clark, State of Nevada, be, and the same is hereby denied for the reason that under Ordin-
ance No. 165 of said City six gaming licenses (exclusive of licenses issued solely for the
operation of slot machines) have already been issued in this City, some of which are near
said location, and upon careful consideration of the question, we believe that public interest
requires that no additional licenses (other than licenses solely for the operation of slot
machines and for additional games, at the location for which license is already granted, under
the provisions of Sec. 9 of said Ordinance No. 165, 'Any licensee holding a valid existing
license from the City of Las Vegas, and from the County of Clark, State of Nevada, for a cur-
rent quarter may, during such current quarter, secure a license for additional slot machines

games or devices, as the case may be, over and above the particular number of slot machines

games or devices for which he, they or it holds a license, for the remainder of the quarter
by paying the City Clerk the license fee above provided, for the additional slot machines,
games or devices, as the case may be, and for which the City Clerk shall issue an additional

license for the reminder of such quarter, and the additional license shall be upon the same

terms and conditions as though issued under the provisions of section 8 of this Ordinance,')
be granted in the city in excess of the number already granted until the further order of
this board and until further or other gaming licenses (other than licenses solely for the
operation of slot machines) are reasonably necessary for the accomodation of the public and
the granting of such further or other licenses will not contravene public interest and will
not require an excessive amount of police protection for a city the size of Las Vegas, Nevada,
having in mind the funds provided for police protection under the City's 1931 and 1932 Budgets
heretofore adopted, and the state of the City funds applicable to police protection.

The vote on said Resolution was an follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
slot machine licenses were granted. Applications being on file with the Clerk, and the proper
amount being on file with each application.

Boulder Club	5	Slot Machines

Morgan & Stocker	2	"	"

A. T. McCarter	2	"	"

Las Vegas Club	6	"	"

J.W. Woodard	3	"	"

Ethel Genther	3	"	"

C.J. Mackey	3	2	"

Town Barbecue	2	"	"

John Lang	2	"	"

Peter Felix	1	"	"

Joe Graglia	2	"	"

Boulder Drug Co.	6	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 22nd day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.