common corner of Sections 3 and 4 Township 21 South, Range 61 East, M.D.B.&;M; in said City

of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, be and the same is hereby declared to be formally vacated,
Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes None.

This being the time set for the opening of the bids for the proposed ornamental street
lighting system, and the Board receiving five bids, said bids were opened at this tine.

Bids as follows;

D. S. McEwan	Marbelite Standards	bid of	$24,600.00

	John R. Davies	"	"	"	"	$23,980.00

H.	H. Walker	LaLux	"	"	"	$19,467.00

Pacific Engineering & Construction Co. Union Metal Standards bid of 			$21,410.39.

"	"	"	"	"	"	" "	$25,186.25

After some discussion on the kinds of standards to be used Mayor Hesse directed the
City Electrical Inspector, Lloyd S. Payne, and the City Planning Commission to look over the
various types of standards, and report to the Board of City Commissioners.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday October 2nd at the hour of seven thirty to further consider the bids
presented to the Board for the ornamental street lighting system.

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 2nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada hold on the 2nd day of October 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of Sept. 30th read, and approved as read.

A letter from the City, Planning Commission was read to the Board endorsing Marbelite
Standards for the ornamental street lighting system to be installed in the City of Las Vegas.
The Planning Commission also endorsed the bid of John R. Davies for the installation of

Marbelite Standards, it being the low bid of the two companies submitting bids on the
Marbelite Standards.

Mr. Payne , electrical Inspector for the City reported on his study the various types
of ornamental street lighting standards that had been presented to the Board, and he also en-
dorsed the Marbelite standard as the best for the City.

Mr. Ferron, of the City Planning Commission reported on his investigation of the various
types of ornamental street lighting standards.

There upon a motion was introduced by Commissioner Smith, and seconded by Commissioner
Thomas, that the City except the bid of the John R. Davies Co. for the installation of the
Marbelite standards for the ornamental street lighting system for the City of Las Vegas, and
that the City enter into a contract with the John R. Davies Co; same to be executed by the
Mayor on behalf of the City, and attest by the City Clerk, and directed that a license from
Marbelite Corp. of American be obtained for the use of Marbelite materials same to be
filed with this Board.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye.
Commissioner Hansell voting No. Motion so carried.	

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Smith that the checks
be returned to the unsuccessful bidders, and upon the return of the plans, and specifications
the deposit of Ten Dollars ($10.00) be returned to the companies making said deposits.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 3rd, 1929

	At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held in the Board room of the said Board October 3rd 1929.



	Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, together with the
City Attorney, and Clerk.

	Absent Commissioner German.

	All claims allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the Clerk's Office.

	Reports of Municipal Judge, Electrical Inspector, Plumbing Inspector, Bldg. Inspector, and Clerk approved.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS