On recommendation of Commissioner L.B. Hansell R.H. Elser was appointed to act as in-
spector for the City on the sewer work.

The matter of hiring two shifts per day the compensation for working in short shifts
were next considered by the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioners Mundy seconded by Commissioners German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that subject to the approval by Union Indemnity Company, the surety on the
Construction bond of Fuller Construction Company of date January 27, 1932 given in connection
with the contract of the same date between said Fuller Construction Company, as second party,
and City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as party of the first part, of said date of January 27, 1932,
covering the construction of Sanitary Main sewers and Sewage Disposal Plant, the provision
appearing under the sub-head of "Local Labor on page 18 of the general Specification which are
a part of said contract, and reading as follows:

"The Contractor will be required to pay the prevailing rate of wage, as established by
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, said rate being 62½% per hour or $5.00
per eight-hour day."

be amended so that the same shall read as follows:

"The Contractor will be required to pay the prevailing rate of wage, as established
by the Board of Commissioners of the City of has Vegas, said rate being 50¢ per hour provided
the contractor shall work the employees a split shift each day of not less than five hours
for each split shift. Otherwise the rate shall remain as appears in said Contract." The Clerk
shall notify said Indemnity Company and furnish it with a certified copy of this Resolution.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye, Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 16th day of March 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 16th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 16th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

	Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and

German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

Commissioner Mundy was appointed to act as Finance Commissioner due to the absence
of that Commissioner and approve the claim of the Las Vegas Public Library.

A letter from the Rainbow Transit Company was read to the Board of Commissioners
petitioning that body to designate a loading zone at 127 So. 1st St. The Clerk was directed
to write to the Rainbow Transit company and inform them that at this time it would be im-
possible to have a loading zone in that location.

A delegation from the Waiters and Caters Union appeared before the Board asking that
the "Picketing Ordinance," recently passed by the Board of Commissioners be repealed. No
action was taken on that matter at the present time.

Permission was granted to the Veterans of Foreign to use the streets of the City for
a parade to advertise its dance the night of March 17th, 1932.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a
slot machine license be granted to the Home Bakery. Said application being in proper form and
money to cover same accompanying said application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 23rd day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.