OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 12th, 1931.

At a Recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 12th day of March 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time the Board took up the matter of providing for the General City Elect-
ion, to be held on the 5th day of May, 1931, for the purpose of electing two commissioners
and a Mayor for the City of Las Vegas. Thereupon, on motion of Commissioner Smith seconded
by Commissioners Thomas, the following Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS under the provisions of Section 3, of Chapter 2, of the Charter of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada in the year
1929 a General City Election must be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in
May, 1931, and it appearing therefrom that such election should be called and prepared for,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that a General City Election be, and the same is hereby
ordered to be held in said City of Las Vegas on said 5th day of May, 1931 for the purpose
of electing a Mayor and two commissioners, namely a Commissioners of Class 1 and a Commission-
er of Class Three, at the places hereinafter set forth:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of
said Section 3 of Chapter 11 of said Charter of said City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1923,
said City of Las Vegas be, and it hereby is, divided into nine election precincts, as
follows:

PT^iuet;No'kl.Whaeht;is h&undad. on 5R0 South by Fremont Street, on the west by the
Union PacifiorRailro5^^rackstito,Ranthr Clty limits;C-boundadtpn the east by Third street from
Fremont StP3e&jto? 'SteiwtSQg&ree&i itheogLa-, along:	thrt Street and from thence

north on FifthjjStreet jxn ,nori^^ityuLimi,tsil-rl St. no.ur H-Jn St;

Praag.aa%tNco.%,5 w&iChris.: bounded on-theu East by 'ihird.,&traet^t'OiL1tjie north by Fremont
Street, on .thersou^h by Brrdger &tpeat, on the west by thewas^ City limits including Union
Pacific sho.R-ggghty&Edogrounds...	j -cl * h Fifth St;

P2aai.ap%t3 which Asi hounded on:-,the: north .byrd&d-RgBF Street, on the east by
Third Streetjc&Rcthe sphthtby.uClark-Street, and pn thee west by the Union Pacific R.R.Tracks.

Precinct No.4, which is bounded on the north by Clark Street on the east by Third
Street, onthe south by Garces Street, on the west by the Union Pacific R.R. tracks.

Precinat No. 5, which is bounded on the south by Fremont Street, thence running north
on Seventh Street from Fremont Street to south line of Union Pacific grounds thence back to
State Street in Stewart addition; thence north to Crosiant thence back along Crosiant Street
to east City Limits: thence northerly to north City limits thence west along north City limits
to Fifth	Street; thence	south on Fifth Street to	Stewart	Street thence	west on Stewart	Street

to Third	Street; thence	south on Third Street to	Fremont	Street.

Precinct No 6	which is bounded on the	west by	ihird Street,	on the south by	Bridger

Street, and the extention ^thereof to Charleston Blvd; thence along Chareston Boulevard thence
to east City limits; thence north along east City limits to Crossiant Street; thence west
along Corssiant Street to State Street; Thence south on State Street to southeast corner
of Union Pacific Grounds; thence west tp Seventh Street; thence south on Seventh Street
to Fremont Street; thence west on Fremont Street to Third Street, thence south on Third
Street to Fremont Street.

Precinct No. 7 which is bounded on the north by Bridger Street, and extention thereof
to Charleston Boulevard;.on the west by Third Street, on the south by Garces Street, and
Charleston Boulevard.

Precinct No.8, which is bounded on the north by Garces Street, and Charleston
Boulevard; on the east by the east City limits; and on the south by the south City limits;
on the west by the west City limits;

Precinct No. 9, which is bounded on the north by the north City limits, on the
east by the Union Pacific R.R. tracks; on the south by ^lark Ave; on the west by the west
City limits.

The boundaries of each of the said precincts are more fully shown on map thereof
on file with the County Clerk, of Clark County, Nevada, to which reference is hereby
had and mad$3

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the polling places in said election precincts shall
be established as follows:

No.l at the Fire House.

No. 2, at the Library Building.

No.3, at Montana House, 305 South Main St;

No.4, At Clark Garage, Clark Street near main St;

No.5, Lou Martin Garage, Ogden near Fourth Street.

No.6, L.D.S. Church, Sixth and Carson Streets.

No.7, at Juinor High School

No.8, F. A. Gibson Garage, Fourth and Garces Streets.

No. 9, Mankewiecz Store Bldg; Westside.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the inspectors and clerks of said election precincts
shall be as follows, to-wit: