until Friday the 9th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 9th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 9th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, German, and Hansell. together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

This being the time set for hearing protests if any against the proposed street im-
provements and a number of citizens appearing before the Board to protest against the said
improvements the meeting was thrown open for discussion.

The following persons addressed the Board: Mr. Frank Ryan representing a number
of citizens owning property on Stewart Street protested the improvement of said street until
the completion of the Federal Building. The following citizens also appeared before the
Board Adam Kramer, Ben Minter, W.W. Cantrell, John Irish, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Chirstenson, Mrs.
Hinge, Mrs. Bullett, Frank Williams.

Attorney Duffill representing a number of citizens owning property south of Garces
appeared before the Board protesting said improvements on the account of the bonded indebtedness
 s of the City. A petition was filed with the Board signed by about 60% of the
property owners residing in said district protesting against the improvement.

Mr. Fitzgerald, A.T. Stone appeared before the Board protesting the improvements
east of Fifth St. also Mr. and Mrs. Sam Craner.

At this time no decision was reache d and the Clerk was directed to check the
petitions and report back to the Board.

The Board at this time again considered the accepting of Federal Aid on Fremont
 Street from Eighth Street to the East City limits.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, it is the intention of the City of Las Vegas to take advantage of the
opportunity to get Federal Aid on building of a thirty foot in width highway on Fremont
Street to the easterly limits of the City of Las Vegas,

Now therefore, be it Resolved that a strip fifteen feet in width on each side
of the center of Fremont Street from the westerly limits of the intersection of Eighth
and Fremont Streets to the westerly limits of the intersection of Twelfth and Fremont
Streets be and the same is hereby eliminated from the plans for the improvement of said
protion of Fremont Street under the improvement program for the construction of a 2½
inch Durite pavement and 1½ inch Durite top, so that such thirty foot strip may be im-
proved under Federal Aid project.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner German leaving before the vote was cast.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 14th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 14th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 14th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Smith and Hansell, together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and German.

At this time the Clerk reported to the Board that the checking of the petitions
protesting the proposed street improvements did not carry signatures of 51% of the
 property owners in said district to be improved.

number of citizens appeared in person to protest said improvements. John H.

Miller protested against the improvements in Blocks 10 and 11, and 17 and 18 in Wardie