Mr. Frank Gusewelle, Agent for the Texas Company, appeared before the Board in regard
to an oil contract with the City.

He was informed that upon the proper forms being presented to the City that the Texas
Oil Company would be allowed to enter into a contract with the City for its proportionment
of City business.

Mr. Knox of the Mission Tavern appeared before the Board in regard to the City licensing
what is known as "cocktail rooms". No action was taken on this matter and Mr. Knox was advised
to see other tavern owners and get their opinion as to the operation of" cocktail rooms."

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application for a retail sealed package drugstore liquor license be granted to the
Sun Drug Company and to Jack Weisberger for a slot machine at 10 fremont St. Applications be-
ing in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

The report of the findings of Dr. F.R. Mildren on the conditions of the two slaughter
houses in the City was read to the Board, and on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Down it was moved and carried that the City Clerk be directed to write these bus-
iness and inform then as to the findings of the City Health Doctor and ask that they make
immediate improvements in these slaughter houses so that same may met the sanitary require-
ments of the City.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 4th, 1935

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 4th day of December, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and City Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Moneys received and proportioned as per cash received and Ledger on file in the office
of the Clerk.

The business of securing from the First State Bank land to be used for highway proposes
was brought before the Board for consideration and on motion of Commissioner Down, seconded
by Commissioner Ward, the following Resolution was duly adopted:

It appearing to the Board that it is necessary for street purposes all of Black Five
(5) of South Addition in the City of Las Vegas, and it appearing to the Board that the First
State Bank of Las Vegas has offered to sell the said lot to the City for the sum of Five
Hundred Ten (510.00) Dollars, and it further appearing to the Board that the said price is
commensurate with the value of the said Property, it is therefore

ORDERED that the said block, comprising Lots Twenty-five (25) to Thirty-two (32) in-
clusive be purchased by the City, that the City's check be drawn for that amount by the City
Clerk, and that the same be delivered to the First State Bank upon receipt from the First
State Bank of a grant, bargain and sale deed for the said lend, conveying to the City the
said land free and clear of all incumbrances excepting building restrictions, together with
title insurance executed by the Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Company in the sum of Five
Hundred (500.00) Dollars.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Farnsworth, Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayorvoting aye. Noes, none.

The collection of unpaid assessment from several property owners covering improving of
Fremont Street was next considered, and upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Down the following Preamble and Resolution were duly adopted:

It appearing to the Board that the following named persons are indebted to the City in
amounts set opposite their respective names for assessments heretofore levied against the
property therein described and that the same is considerably in arrears, it is therefore

ORDERED that the City Attorney take all steps requisite and to file suit, if necessary,
for the City against the said parties to the end that the said sums be collected.

R.W.	Martin	$156.21

(Lot 10, Block 15, Bucks Subdiv.)

R.W.	Martin	35.64

(Lot 10, Block 15, Bucks Subdiv.)

C.P.	Squires	38.89

(Lot 4, Block 10, Ladds)

H.J.	Woodard	64.59

(That part of the N½ S E ¼ S W ¼ of
Sec. 35, T.20S., R.61E., M.D.B. & M.
lying north of Fremont Street and
fronting on the north side of Fremont Street)

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.