OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 20th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward,
City attorney and Clerk.	Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted to Marjorie Ross, 207 No. 1st St. Application being
in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward, it was moved and carried
that Ryland Taylor City Attorney draft telegrams to both Gilbert C. Ross, State Administra-
tor, W.P.A. and M.B.Doolin, Regional Adviser of the Bureau of Air Commerce, in regard to se-
curing allotment of W.P.A. money for the construction of the Municipal Airport for the City
of Las Vegas. Said telegrams to be send in the name of Mayor Arnett.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

At this time the minutes of the meetings of the Board of Commissioners held on Oct.
29th, Nove. 4, Nov. 5th, 12th, 15th and 16th, were read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 27th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Communications from Transcontinental & Western Air and Works Progress Administration were
read to the Board at this time, in regard to the municipal airport.

Upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk be directed to write the Transcontinental and Western Air Inc. and the
Works Progress Administration and state to them that land had been secured by the City for use
as a municipal airport.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble Seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
Kay Walsh be granted a retail beverage license. Application being in proper form and money on
file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the license of one Bessie Williams be transferred from 215 No 1st St. to 211 No. 1st St.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 20th day of November, 1935 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK. CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY. NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 27th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, held on the 27th day of November, 1935 at the hour of
one thirty o'clock P.M.

The following answered rill call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Ward, City Attorney Taylor and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth.

Attorney Marshall appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the noise from
the bowling alley in the Recreation Center. Mr. Marshall appeared for Mrs. Fannie Soss, as
owner of the Fremont Hotel in the building adjoining the alley.

The City Clerk was instructed to write the owners of the Recreation Center and
ask them to take the necessary steps to have this noise deadened.