 OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 16th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 16th day of February 1952 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Mundy,
and German, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the following slot machine licenses be grafted:

Vegas Sweet Shoppe 2 Slot machine L censes
Sam P. Lipkin 1 Slot machine license

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The application of Martin Millarich for license to operate one poker table at 209
So. 1st Street was presented to the Board for its consideration

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the license be denied on the grounds that the number of gaming licenses to be issued for the
first quarter of 1932 had been placed at thirteen, by Resolution of the Board of Commissioners at
a regular meeting held on the 4th day of January 1932, and that number of licenses had already
been issued, and that the Clerk return the cashier's cleck that accompanied the application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the City Attorney brought to the attention of the Board the suit of
Mayme V. Stocker vs. Viola Burns as City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas. Said suit is for the
purpose of demanding a license for an 80 Ball Keno Game.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the City Attorney defend the City Clerk in said action, and that the Clerk be authorized to
drawn a warrant in the sum of $5.00, and that the same be paid the County Clerk of Clark
County, Nevada as appearance fees.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 23rd day of February, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 23rd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 23rd day of February 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German
and Hansell and City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

J.E. Leaman appeared before the Board in regard to payment for audit of the City
Books for the fourth quarter. No decision was reached at this time as to the manner of making
said payment.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
two slot machine licenses be grant R.J.Andrus. Applications being in proper form and money to
cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes none.

Albert Wittwer of the Clark County Farm Bureau and P. Nash State inspector of weights
and measures appeared before the Board in regard to the City adopting an ordinance regulating
the sale of milk.

The following ordinance was then read for a first time and laid over for a second reading

"An ordinance regulating the sale of milk, cream and certain other dairy products in the
City of Las Vegas; defining standards of milk and cream, providing for the issuance of permits
for the sale of milk and cream in the City of Las Vegas and the revocation of such permits;
authorizing the City Council to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of the
ordinance; providing for a penalty for the violation thereof; and repealing

all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance."

Mr. Thompson the City Engineer being present with the Supt. of Streets J.P.King the
Board entered into a discussion of the ways and means to keep in repair the City streets.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 26th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.