BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to mail a
copy of such notice to the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada, at Carson City
Nevada, at least three weeks prior to February 14th, 1930.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

A form of notice to bond bidders of the offering for sale of the eighteen bonds of the
Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds Series A, issue, namely of eighteen bonds
of the denomination One Thousand Dollars each payable in eighteen annual instalments dated Jan-
uary 1, 1930, the first instalment falling due January 1st, 1931 was presented to the Board.

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German the following Re-
solution was duly adopted:

Resolve that the form of notice offering for sale the eighteen bonds of the denomination

of One Thousand Dollars each of the Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds

Series A, as presented to this Board be and the same is	hereby adopted, and the Mayor is auth-
orized to sign the same on behalf of this Board and the City Clerk to Attest same under the

seal of the City, and said Clerk authorized to have such notice published in the Las Vegas

Age a tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas Nevada once a week for four con-
secutive weeks and the date for opening and passing on bids set for the 14th day of Feb-
ruary 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. at the Board Room of this Board, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to mail a copy
of such notice to the State Board of Finance of the State of Nevada, at Carson City, Nevada,
at least three week prior to Februnary 14th 1930.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 17th day of January at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 17th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 17th
day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and German,

Minutes if meeting of January 14th, read and approved as read.

Mr. Leo MaNamee, attorney for the Las Vegas Land and Water Company appeared before the
Board of City Commissioners in behalf of the Las Vegas Land and Water to present an application
of the Las Vegas Land & Water Company to the Board asking that all permits and franchises
held by the Las Vegas Land & Water Co. be incorporated into one permit.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
the the application for a permit incorporating all permits held by the Las Vegas Land & Water
Co. be granted Said permit to be signed by the Mayor J. F. Hesse, and the Water Sewer &

Light Commissioner L.B. Hansell same to be attest by the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas is was moved that
the sum of One Hundred Dollars be transferred from the General Fund to the Police and Fire Fund.

Vote upon said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The Board was informed that the new American LaFrance fire truck had been delivered
to the City and same wag awaiting the acceptance of the Board.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Com-
missioner Hansell, That the American LaFrance fire truck be inspected by Fire Chief Case, and
that he make a written report to the Board as to the condition of the fire apparatus, and see
that it complies with all specification, and that all tools, and extras are as called for in
the contract. That upon the receipt of such letter the the City Clerk be authorized to draw
a warrant for $3,500.00 the initial payment on the apparatus.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was direct to work in connect with Mr. Gelber and City Attor-
ney Steven to revise the Electrical Ordinance.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday the 20th day of January 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.