OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

OCTOBER 14th, 1929

SPECIAL MEETING.	Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell,

and Smith together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

To Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas;

A special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas is hereby
called, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House in the City of
Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, to be held on Monday the 14th day of
October 1929 at the hour of eight o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following
business, to-wit:

1a To act upon the bond of W. G. Morse, Municipal Judge.

1b To read for approval, adoption or amendment minutes of pervious meetings of the
Board which have not been hereto fore read.

3.	To consider and ast upon the question of further street improvements.

3.	To act upon street grades theretofore directed to be established.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 14th day of Oct. 1929.

J. F. Hesse.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING.

To.--- L. B. Hansell, O.J. Smith, R. W. Thomas, Commissioners and to J. F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas:

You and each of you will take notice that, pursuant to a call this day issues by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said
City will be held at the Board Room of said Board in the County Court House, in in the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Monday the 14th day of October 1929 at the
hour of eight o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following business to-wit:

1a.	To act upon the bond of W. G. Morse, Municipal Judge.

1b.	To read for approval, adoption or amendment minutes of previous meetings
of the Board which have not heretofore been read.

2.	To consider, and act upon the question of further street improvements.

    3. To act upon grades heretofore directed to be established.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 14th day of October 1929.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned, Commissioners, and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas do
hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of special meeting, and represent that it was
impossible to serve notice on W. C. German, Commissioner by reason of his absence on leave
from the State of Nevada and his exact address being unknown and not easily ascertainable.

Dated this 14th day of October, A. D. 1929.

J. F. Hesse.	L. B. Hansell.

Mayor	Commissioner.

O.J. Smith	R. W. Thomas.

Commissioner	Commissioner.

The bond of W. G. Morse, Municipal Judge was presented to the Board. Same being
approved by the Mayor J. F. Hesse. The bond a surety bond being furnished by W. H. Elwell,
and Ed Von Tobel for the sum of $2,000.00.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that the Board accept the bond of W. G Morse.	

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

Minutes of meetings of October 2nd, 3rd, and 4th 1929, read and approved as read.

There upon the Board entered into a discussion as to the type paving to be used in
the proposed district to be paved. After a lengthy discussion on the matters resolution was
introduced by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Smith, that J. P. King Supt. of 
Streets be instructed to prepare estimates, plans, and assement charts, and present same to
the Board at the next meeting. October 18th, 1929. The estimate to be based on "Durite Paving."

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes None.

The plat of the street grades in South and Wardie Additions as prepared by L. E.

Newcomer at the direction of the Board was next brought before the Board for its approval.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith Seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the Board accept the grades in South, and Wardie Additions as established by L. E.
Newcomer.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas. Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the Mayor
voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting