Las Vegas Club 2 Twenty-one Games, 1 Roulette Wheel, 1 Crap Table, 1 poker table,
and 1 Panguinia table.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy German, Hansell and
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The renewing of slot machine licenses was next brought before the Board for con-
sideration, and upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it
was moved that the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in pro-
per form and the sums sufficient to cover said licenses being on file with the Clerk.

A.T. Mc Carter	2 Slot Machine Licenses

S.S. Thornton	1	"	"	"

E.E. Masten	1	"	"	"

A.H. Linenthal	1	"	"	"

E. Guffey and P.A. Scott 2 Slot Machine Licenses
J.R. McMichael & Jack Weisberger 2 Slot Machine Licenses
Boulder Club Inc. 5 Slot Machines
Las Vegas Club	10	"

J.H. Morgan & Mayme V. Stocker 6 Slot Machines
Jack Wiesberger 2 Slot Machines

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin, voting Aye. Noes none.

Three new applications were presented to the Board at this time. No decision
was made as to the granting of said licenses until the new zoning ordinance would be pass-
ed. The new applications were as follows: Eli Nickerson, W.R.Wooddell for a Tango Parlor
license, and Woo Sing.

The Clerk was directed to write Mr. Jack Butler to appear before the Board
on Monday the 5th day of October and show proof that he was sole owner of the Big Four Club
of which he was making an application for the operation of games in said club. The Clerk
was also directed to write to J.R. Boyer and ask that he appear before the Board and ex-
plain the method of playing "Tango Derby" for which he was appling for license to operate.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 5th, 1931.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 5th day of
October 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hundy, German
and Thomas, Deputy City Attorney Henderson, and City Clerk Viola Burns,. F.C.DeVinney, Assessor.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Stevens.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved.

Commissioner Mundy appointed to approve the bills of the W.S. &L. Dept. owning to
the absence of Commissioner Hansell of that department.

Monies received for the month of Sept. as follows;

$5,026.50 P and F Fund

30.00	Sale Cemetery Lots.

204.25	Plumbing permits

738.00	Poll Tax

7,679.75	Licenses, fees, and misc. collections.

13,678.50 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows;

$5,000.00 Police and Fire Fund.

7,655.25	General Fund.

30.00	Cemetery Fund

735.00	Street Fund.

255.25	W.S. & L. Fund.

13,676.50

Jack Butler appeared before the Board of Commissioners at this time and pre-
sented proof that he was sole owner of the Big Four Club. Thereupon motion of Commissioner
Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a license be granted to Jack Butler
for one poker table and one crap table. Said application being on file in proper form and
the money to cover same being on file with the Clerk. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German it was
moved that the following Slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper
form and the money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

W.E. Ferron	12 Slot Machine Licenses.

John Van Ryn	1	"	"	"

Nora Cotter	1 "

Gateway Hotel Co.	2	"	"	"

Jack Weisberger	3	"	"	"

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	18 "	"