carried the meeting was recessed until Thursday the 29th day of May, 1930, at the hour of
three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

COUNTY OF CLARK, NEVADA.

MAY 29th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 29th day of May, 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, German, and Thomas, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of May 21st read, and approved as read.

A letter from Koebig and Koebig asking if it would be convenient for the Committee
appointed by the Board of Commissioners in regards to the contract held between the City of
Las Vegas, and Koebig and Koebig to meet with Mr. A.H. Koebig Jr. on Thursday the 5th day of
June was presented to the Board, and referred to Commissioner Hansell as a member of said
Committee appointed by the Board.

Application of one Neal Campbell was presented to the Board and same was redered
to Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas.

A letter from John A. Shafer in regards to the application for a gas permit pre-
sented to the Board a short time ago was next ready The Clerk was directed to acknowledge
receipt of same, and inform Mr. Shafer that the Board was awaiting his personal appearance
before the Board before taking any action on same.

A letter from the John R. Davies Co. asking for the final payment of One Hundred
Ninety Dollars ($190.00) on the Ornamental Street Light System installed on Main, Fifth
and Fremont Streets. After due consideration the Clerk was directed to transfer $160.00
from the General Fund to the Special Ornamental Street light Fund, and draw a warrant for
One Hundred Ninety Dollars, and forward same to John Davies as final payment on ornamental
street light system

On motion of Mayor Hesse, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, that the office of City Electrical Inspector be and the same is hereby
declared vacant, and that L.H. Rockwell, the former City Electrical Inspector, be and he is
hereby required to account to this Board for any moneys in his hands belonging to the City
of Las Vegas arising out of his administration of such office of City Electrical Inspector
and that he forthwith deliver to the City Clerk all books, papers, documents and records in
hi custody or under his control as such former City Electrical Inspector.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy	of	the adoption of this Resolution, with the

notice of the adoption thereof be transmitted by the City Clerk to said L.H. Rockwell.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Commissioner German voting NO.

The names of LLoyd S. Payne, and James Squires were brought before the Board for
appointment of Electrical Inspector. After due consideration a paper ballot was cast, and
the count showed that Lloyd S. Payne received five (5) votes. James Squires None.

There upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was
moved that Lloyd S. Payne be appointed Electrical Inspector, to hold office at the pleasure of

the Board, and receive compensation as set for in the Electrical Ordinance No. 137, of the

City of Las Vegas, passed and adopted at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commission-
ers held on the 11th day of June 1929.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and
Thomas, and His Honor Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Tuesday the 3rd day of June 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.