On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried that the following liquor store licenses for the year 1936 be granted.

Rose Liquor Distributing Company and Recreation Center. Said applications being 
accompanied by the license fee of $125.00 each covering the cost of said license for the
quarter year Jan. 1st to March 31st, 1936.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
liquor store licenses for the year 1936 were granted:

A.T. Spatz,	H.E. Hazard	

C.V.T. Gilbert	Sam Mikulich

Applications being accompanied by the sum of $50.00 each covering the license fees
for the first quarter year, 1936

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following tavern licenses be granted for the year 1936.

Big Four Bar	Apache Bar	

Pete Pansey	Sam Stearns

Northern Bar	Walter Argyle

Pilar Santa Cruz

All applications be accompanied with the sum of $250.00 each covering the license fee
for the quarter year January 1st to March 21st, 1936.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
retail beverage licenses were granted for the year 1936:

C.V.T. Gilbert	A.T. Spatz	E.P.	Bihlmaier

Babe Stevens	Frank Kernan	R.F.	Lehman

H.E. Hazard	C.F. Reid	Anna	Lujan

Kay Walsh	Boulder Club Inc	Read	City Drug

Joe Carlo	Ted Konduris	Rose Distributing Co.

Recreation Center.

All applications were accompanied by $10.00 each covering license fee for same for
the first quarter year 1936.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The applications for gam ng and slot machines for the first quarter year Of 1936, were
next considered by the Board add upon motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner
Farnsworth the following licenses were granted:

Jack Weisberger	1 slot machine Sam Stearns 2 slot machines

White Cross Drug	3	"	"	Frank Kiernan	2	"	"

P.O. Salvagni	6	"	"	A.E. King Ellison	2	slot	machines

Las Vegas Pharmacy	2	"	"	Peter Pansey	1	"     "	

Sal Sagev Tavern Inc.	4	"	"	R.F. Lehman	2	"	"

Apache Club 4 slot machines, one ach craps, twenty-one, roulette and wheel of fortune.

Big Four Club, on poker, one craps and one twenty-one.

Boulder Club Inc; 8 slot machines, one pNa one poker, and one Keno (100 chairs), big
six wheel, twenty-one, Faro, 2 roulette, and crap table.

Norther Club, 3 slot machines, one each pan, poker, roulette, twenty-one, craps, and
race horse book.

C.F. Reid, one poker table.

Applications being in proper form and money on file to cover same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was directed to write Ethel Rapoport and ask that she appear before the
Board of Commissioners at its next meeting and show cause for the issuing of her license to
operate a tavern.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that James Bennett and Ralpy Farley be appointed on the Board of Examiners for Plumbers
in the City of Las Vegas. To qualify by taking the official oath of office and to serve at the
pleasure of the Board of Commissioners.	

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned until Wednesday the 8th day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.