Money proportioned as follows:

$442.30 Sewer Lateral Fund

195.00	Cemetery Fund.

1,500.00 P and F Fund

1,280.00 Street Fund

1,013.51 W.S. & L. Fund
$4,430.81

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the bond of the Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation had with the Hartford Accident and In-
demnity Company be approved. Said bond is to cover the collection and payment of beer excise tax
as same is set forth in Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the City Clerk was instructed
to call for bids on a moderate priced car to be used by the City Clerk, and Deputy City Clerk in
the carring on of the business of that office.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried that
the following slot machine licenses be granted:

J.K. Houssel	3 slot machine licenses for Sal Sagev Tavern.

Art Schreiber	4	"	"	"

J. W. Woodard	1	"	"	"

Peter Pansy and Sykes 3	"	"

C.B. Singleton	2	"	"

W.K. Styles	2	"	"	"

Dave Stearns	2	"	"	"

A.E. King Ellison	1	"	"	"

Frank Kernan	2	"	"	"

J.T. Watters	6	"	"	"

Cut Rate Market	1	"	"	"

Applications being in proper form and monty on hand to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes none.

On Motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the following gaming licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file
with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Las Vegas Club, 4 slot machines, 3 card games four devices

Boulder Club, 5 slot machines, three card games and 6 devices.

Big Four Club, 1, Poker game, 3 devices.

Wm. Jones 1 Poker game.

Apache Casino, four devices

Northern Club, three Slot Machines, three poker games, four devices.

J.H. Morgan three devices.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett Marble and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a gaming license for the following be granted to Robert Lilly. Application being in proper
form and money on hand to cover the same.

Each Pan and Poker, three devices.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A.S. Henderson, City Attorney ruled that four beds could be allowed to a room in a cot house.

A. Levy appeared before the Board in regard to operating a cleaning establishment at 116
Fremont St. in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
no permit be allowed Mr. Levy on the grounds that a building housing dry cleaning could not be erected
on said property in accordance with the City ordinance governing the buildings housing dry clean-
ing establishments. The City lot to be used not being of the size to meet the requirements of the
ordinance.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and His Honor the
mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a retail liquor license for a family liquor store be granted to A. Spatz, a Club Liquor license to
the B.P.O.E. Lodge, to Anna Brozzi for retail beverage, and to W. Ross for a tavern. Applications
being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The applications of C.B. Singleton, for family liquor store license, D. Curto and W.H.

Garret for retrail beverage were held over pending investigations.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that two
"four card draw poker" licenses be issued J.H. Morgan for 104 North 1st St.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 8th day of October, 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.