OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 5th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of June 1933, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Following answered roll call, Mayor E.W. Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Commissioners elect L.L. Arnett and Jas. H. Down were also present.
The reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

At this time Mrs. Viola Burns, City Clerk Elect, presented to the Board her bond in the
sum of Five Thousand Dollars, from the Maryland Casualty Company as surety together with her
oath of office. Said bond being approved by Earl F. Davidson, Chairman of the Board of County
Commissioners of Clark County, There upon motion duly made seconded and carried said bond was
approved. It was further ordered that said bond and oath be filed in the office of the County
Clerk of Clark County.

Thereupon Viola Burns re-entered upon the duties of her office.

Jas. H. Down, Commissioner Elect presented his bond in the sum of One Thousand dollars
($1,000) with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety thereon: said bond hav-
ing been previously approved by Earl Davidson, Chairman of the Board of County Commission-
ers of Clark County, Nevada as is required by law. Upon motion duly made seconded and carried
said bond and oath of office were approved and ordered filed in the office of the City Clerk.

L.L. Arnett, Commissioner elect presented to the Board his bond in the sum of One
Thousand Dollars, ($1,000), with the United States Fidelity and Guaranty Company as surety
thereon: said bond having been previously approved by Earl F. Davidson, Chairman of the Board
of County Commissioners of the Clark, County, Nevada, as is required by law. Upon motion duly
made seconded and carried said bond and oath of office were approved and ordered filed with
the City Clerk.

Thereupon Messrs. Arnett and Down entered upon the duties of their offices.

Thereupon the Mayor made the following-appointments, to-wit: Commissioner Down was
appointed Water Sewer and Light Commissioner, Commissioner Arnett appointed Finance Commission-
er, and Commissioners Mundy and German continuing as Street Commissioner and Police Commission-
er respectively.

The next order of Business was the election of a Mayor Pro Tem, and upon motion made by
Commissioner Down and seconded by Commissioner Arnett W.C. German was re-elected Mayor Pro Tem
on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett Mundy and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner German voting no.

The appointing of the City Attorney was next brought before the Board for consider-
ation and on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down A.S. Henderson was
re-appointed City Attorney on the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett and seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following
liquor licenses were granted: E.R. Gates, at the Old Ranee, John M. Egan, La Salle Club, and
Frank Wilson & George Sanders, 20 Stewart Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner German the bonds of The
Nevada Supply Company, Rose Distributing Company, and Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Company
Incorporated, were ordered approved; Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Arnett
Mundy, German and Down voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Down the following liquor
application approved at a previous meeting were ordered canceled: Joe Levine, 2 for W.H.
Elwell, Willis Karns, Arthur S. Mosbach, Albert Carlone, Oscar B. Allbritten, and M.C. Cohen.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Down and Mundy,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the collecting of the Excise Tax
as same is set forth in Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas, governing the sale or
giving away of beverages legalized by the United States Government. After some discussion on
the matter on motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved: That the Excise Tax of 4¢ per gal placed on the sale of each gal. of bever-
ages sold wholesale in the City of Las Vegas be collected by an officer of the Las Vegas Police
Department. This tax to be collected on beverages sold wholesale in the City of Las Vegas,
regardless of where same is to be retailed;

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett, and
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.