On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that a
gaming license for one Roulette Wheel be granted to the Las Vegas Amusement Corporation.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Mr. Reese, representing the Southern Nevada Marketing Association appeared before the
Board in regard to securing a permit to operate a slaughter house in the City limits of the
City of Las Vegas.

After due consideration on the matter on motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Com-
missioner Mundy permission was granted the Southern Nevada Marketing Association to erect and
maintain a slaughter house in the City of Las Vegas on the following described property, to-wit:
Northwest corner of the Southeast quarter of the Southwest quarter district 33, Township
20 8. 61 East

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German and Thomas and His Honor

the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Dr. F.R. Mildren attended this part of the meeting as City Health Officer.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 6th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 6th, 1932.

SPECIAL MEETING.

To- Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

I, E.W. Cragin, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, hereby call a special meeting of the Board of
City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board room of said Board on
Thursday the 6th day of October, 1932 at the hour of 10:15 o'clock A.M. of said date in the City
of Las Vegas Nevada, to consider and act upon the appointment of a Chief of Police of the City
of Las Vegas and other matters on connection therewith, and to consider and act upon such other
business as may properly come before the meeting for consideration.

Dated at Las Vegas Nevada this 5th day of October, 1932.

E.W. Cragin

Mayor.

To W.C. German, R.W. Thomas, L.B. Hansell, and W.B, Mundy, City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, and to E.W. Cragin, Mayor of said City:

You and each of you will please take notice that the Mayor of said City has issued a call
for a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City, to be held at the Board Room
of said Board in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Thursday, the 6th
day of October, 1932 at the hour of 10:15 o'clock A.M. to consider and act upon the appointing
of a Chief of Police of said City and other matters in connection therewith, and to consider
and act upon such other business as may properly come before the meeting for consideration.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 6th day of October, 1932.

Viola Burns
City Clerk

We the undersigned, being Commissioners and Mayor respectively of the City of Las
Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, do hereby acknowledge due service of the above
and foregoing notice, and we do hereby further certify that at the date of said call and of
said Notice that above named L.B. Hansell, Commissioner of said City was absent from said City
and from the State of Nevada, and his whereabouts out of said State could not be conveniently
ascertained so that notice could be given him of said meeting.

Dated this 6th day of October, 1932.

E.W.Cragin Mayor	W.B. Mundy

R.W.Thomas
W.C.German
City Commissioners.

Roll call showed the following present at special meeting of October 6th, 1932 at
the hour of 10:15 A.M. Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas, City Attorney and
Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Commissioner German, Police and Fire Commissioner recommended O.C. Boggs for the
office of Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas.