Money Proportioned as follows:

$2,474.81 General Fund.

17.50	Library savings

62.50	Cemetery Fund

87.61 Street Fund

2,642.76 Total

At the direction of the Finance Commissioner the Clerk was directed to transfer the sum of
$2,000.00 to the Water Sewer and Light Fund from the General Fund.

Bob Nanney appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the erection of a building
to house a dry cleaning plant in the rear of 116 Fremont St. No action was taken on the matter
it appearing to the Board that any building erected on said site would be in violation of an
Ordinance regulating the construction of such buildings.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas to amend Section 3 of Ordin-
ance No. 201 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of
animals and sanitary conditions of all places dispensing food for refreshments to the public;
providing for the inspection of meats and meat products to be possessed end sold in the City
of Las Vegas; prohibiting the sale and possession off uninspected meats for human food; author-
izing the appointment of meat inspectors; prohibiting the sale of meat and meat products by
unlicensed establishments; and providing a penalty for the violation thereof," was read for a
second time and passed upon the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German, and Down,
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 202

An Ordinance, entitled, "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions
said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be ket sold, given away or otherwise
distributes; providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this
ordinance and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read
for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, German, Mundy,
and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 203.

After the passage of the above mentioned Ordinance No. 203 the Board of Commissioners
considered a number of application for the sale of liquor in the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Arnett, the following drug
stores were granted "Retail Drug Store Liquor Licenses" for the quarter ending March 31, 1934:

One license each to the following, White Cross Drug Store, Professional Pharmacy, Las Vegas,
Pharmacy, Post Office Drug Store, and The Boulder Drug Company Inc.

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Mundy and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Down the application of Chas.

A. Garside, Jr. was presented to the Board for consideration. Said application being for a
cabaret to be operated at the "Willow" on south Main St.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German, the following "Re-
tail Tavern Liquor Licenses" were granted:

Boulder Club Inc; Boulder Drug Co. Inc. for the Mission Smoke House, Pilar Santa
Cruz, Sam Stearns, The Golden Camel, The Pache Club, The Apache Club, W.K. Styles, and
W.S.Goodwin & Fred Buser.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

All applications being in proper form and money to cover said licenses accompanying
the applications the City Clerk Was directed to issued said licenses upon receiving legal
advise from the City Attorney.

The application of Mayme V. Stocker was laid over to some future meeting.

The application of Harry Blanding for the operation of a slaughter house under the new
inspection ordinances was next brought before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett permit was issued to
Harry Blanding for the operation of a slaughter house in the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down and His
Honor the mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
until Thursday the 7th day of December 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.