OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK
CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 3rd, 1936

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 3rd day of February, 1936 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Farnsworth, City Attorney and Clerk.

Chief of Police David Mackey appeared before the Board at this time in regard to securing
proper filing cabinets for the records of the identification department of the Las Vegas City
Police. He was instructed to secure the price of metal files from both the Office Equipment Co.
and Albight's Business Machines Co. and report this findings to the Board at an early date.

C.D.Baker City Engineer read to the Board at the request of Mayor Arnett the statements
make by prisoners ad members of the Las Vegas Police Dept. following anfray in the "City Jail.

A.W. Blackman, Auditor for the City, presented to the Board at this time the proposed
budget for the City of Las Vegas for the year 1936. The meeting at once entered into a lengthy
discussion on the proposed budget.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth a retail beverage license
was granted to the Bartenders Union, No. 165. Application being in proper form and money on file
with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Dawn, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK
COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on Tuesday the 4th day of February, 1936 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and
Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Ward.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the City
Clerk. Commissioner Down approving the claims for the Police and Fire Commissioner owing to the
absence of that officer.

All monies received for the month of January, 1936 proportioned as per Journal, and
Ledger.

Mr. Shaffer of the Western Air Express appeared before the Board and explained to the
members present the installation of the beacon light being installed at the airport owned by
the Western Air Express at this time.

A number of insurance agents including O.A. Kimball, E.W.Cragin, and A.H. Harrington
were present and discussed with the Board the rates of a blanket insurance for the City, Fleet
insurance was also considered. No definite action was taken at this time but it was understood
that when the City of Las Vegas should take out fleet and blanket insurance all agents in the
City would share and share alike.

The matter of considering the resignation of M.E. Ward from the position of Police and
Fire Commissioner for the City was next considered and upon motion of Commissioner Marble
seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following motion was introduced and passed:

The communication of Commissioners M.E.Ward, being up for consideration and it appear-
ing that the same refers to this resignation as Fire and Police Commissioner, the Board of
Commissioners feel that said resignation, being solely from a departmental assignment, is not
a proper matter for consideration of the Board, as a whole, but rather cones within the pro-
vidence of the Mayor, under provisions of Section 16, of the City Charter.

It is therefore moved that said communication be left with the Mayor for final disposition.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that the salary of the City Attorney of the City of Las Vegas, be and
the same is hereby fixed at the sum of $300.00 per month, dating from February 1st, 1936.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed end
adjourned until Tuesday the 11th day of February, at the hour of 1:30 o'clock P.M.