This being the time set	for the opening of	bids on lamps	for	the City Street

lighting system and a number of	bids being received	the Clerk	was directed to open said

bids. As all bids received were the same in price and discount on motion of Commissioner
Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved and carried that the bid of the
Westinghouse Electric Co. be accepted and that the City Clerk and Mayor enter into a
one year contract with the said	company. The lamps	to be sold	to	the	City direct from	a

Westinghouse dealer in the City	of Las Vegas to be	designated	by	the	office of the

Westinghouse Company

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of appointing a Deputy City Attorney to act for City Attorney Hen-
derson while absent from the City was next brought before the Board. On recommendation
of City Attorney Henderson, on motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner
Mundy it was moved and carried that George E. Marshall be appointed Deputy City Attorney,
to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing with the City a bond in the
sum of One Thousand Dollars. To Hold office at the pleasure of the Board of Commissioners
and to receive no compensation from the City for services rendered.	

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thursday the 26th day of January 1933 at the hour of three o'clock EM

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

JANUARY 26th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 26th day of January 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas,
and Hansell, Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that all slot machine applications on file with the Clerk be granted. Applications being in
proper form and money to cover same being on file with the clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German.it was moved and
carried that a gaming license be granted to the Northern Club, Mayme V. Stocker being the
sole owner.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the enlarging of the house at the disposal plant was brought before the
Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German
it was moved and carried that the house for the living quarters for the care taker at the
disposal plant be enlarged and the material for same not to exceed $200.00.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time A.R. Thompson, Plumbing Inspector for the City of Las Vegas called the
attention of the Board to the fact that a number of hotels, and garages were allowing large
quantities of oil to run into	the sewer lines and into the disposal plant. On	motion	of

Commissioner Hansell seconded	by Commissioner German it was	moved and carried	that Mr.	Thompson

be instructed to write to the	various places of business in	the City that are	allowing	oil

to run into the sewer and see	that same is taken care of in	some other manner.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes hone.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.