Thereafter this application came on for hearing before your body, at which time the Com-
mission ruled, among other things, that it was of the opinion from the showing that the City
of Las Vegas was not at that time legally authorized to acquire the facilities for using the
power, and the Commission, upon such finding, ordered "that the Commission will continue the
hearing for a reasonable time to permit the applicant to qualify by following the statutory
steps necessary to show to the satisfaction of the Commission that the applicant will be in
a position to use the Boulder Dam Power for which application is made."

Since this ruling the matter involving the legality of the plant has been fully deter-
mined by the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada in the case entitled "Ronnow vs. the City
of Las Vegas," the decision in this case having been filed on the fifth of February, 1937.

The City is now ready to proceed with the construction of this plant as soon as its bonds
can be sold for that purpose.

We, therefore, respectfully request your body to set the earliest practicable date for
a resumption of the hearing upon this application and that thereupon an allotment be made
to the City agreeable with our former application.

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF
THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
BY VIOLA BURNS

City Clerk.

Vote upon the sending of the above letter was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and car-
ried that the City of Las Vegas pay C.D.Baker ,City Engineer, the sum of Seventy-five ($75.00)
Dollars for rent of engineering equipment used on various City engineering projects.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Cragin and Pike, Inc; write the blanket insurance covering all rolling stock owned by the
City of Las Vegas. That the premium on said insurance be equally divided among the qualified
insurance agents in he City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Hoard at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Friday he 19th day of February, 1937 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.