Minutes of meetings of Sept 9th, 16th and 28th read and approved as read.

Minutes of meetings of October 5th, 6th and 13th read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Monday the 9th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 9th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 9th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down and Marble, City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Farnsworth and Ward.

Marble

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
permission to moved a house to 13th and Carson Street from Boulder City be granted to Chas. Sloan
and that permit for same be issued by the Building Inspector, and that said house when completed
would comply with the City Building Ordinances.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

James Farndale appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the City prohibiting the
moving of houses into the City from Boulder City. No action was taken on this matter at this time.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board the resignations of David Farnsworth, Finance Com-
missioner and M.E.Ward Commissioner. These Commissioners ask that their resignations be effective
at once as they had recently been elected to the offices of Clark County Auditor and Sheriff
respectively.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the resignations of David Farnsworth and M.E.Ward be accepted as of this date, November 9th,

1936.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that one slot machine license be granted to L.L. Arnett.

Vote was Commissioner Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the office of Deputy Building and Plumbing Inspector be created as an emergency measure.

Same to take effect immediately and continuing until the end of the present calendar year, unless
sooner terminated by the vote of the Board of City Commissioners. Salary of said office to be
$150.00 per month.

Vote was Commissioners Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that W.J. Rhodes be appointed emergency Building and Plumbing Inspector. To take office immed-
iately and to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing in the office of the
Clerk a bond in the sum of One Thousand Dollars.

Vote was Commissioners Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No Further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Tuesday the 1 0th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
NOVEMBER 10th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 10th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Arnett Commissioners Down and Marble City Clerk and City Attorney.

The filling of the vacancies on the Board of Commissioners caused by the resignations
of David Farnsworth and M.E.Ward was brought before the Board for consideration. After due
consideration and discussion on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Down seconded
by Commissioner Marble moved and carried that H.L. Perry and H. Krause be appointed to fill
the vacancies on the Board of Commissioners.

Vote was Commissioner Down and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.