On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved and carried
that R.W.Thomas, Finance Commissioner, be granted a thirty day leave of absence, from July
4th to August 4th, 1932.

Vote on the above motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and
the Mayor Pro Tem voting Aye. noes none.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Section LXXX111 of Ordinance No. 170
of the City of Las Vegas," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

At this time the Board took up the matter of installing a pump at the disposal plant.
No action was taken at this time awaiting the installation of the power lines before a
demonstration could be made.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 30th day of June 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

June 30th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 30th day of June, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

D.G. Lorenzi, owner of Lorenxi Lake Park, appeared before the Board at this time
and petitioned the Board of Commissioners for permission to hold a fireworks display at
Lorenzi Lake Park the night of July 4th, 1932.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded bp Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
permission be granted Mr. Lorenzi to hold said fireworks display on the night of July 4th
1932.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board took under consideration the granting of gaming licenses
and slot machine licenses for the third quarter.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following slot machine and gaming licenses for the third quarter be granted. Applications
being in proper form and monies to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

L.L. Arnett and John Graglia 10 Slot machine licenses. (These licenses being for
the second quarter, Found without licenses when a check was make by Frank Jones License Insp.)
Mayme V. Stocker,	1 Stud Poker Table.

L.V. Amusement Corp. 1 Roulette Wheel
Wm. Jones	1 Stud Poker Table

H.E.Faxon & E. Noon 1 Stud Poker Table.

J.H. Morgan	1 Crap Game

A.T.Mc Carter	L slot machine, 1 stud and 1 Draw Poker Table, 1 crap game

1 Twenty-one Game.

Boulder Club Inc. 5 Slot Machines, 1 Pan 1 Stud Poker, 1 6 Wheel, 1 Roulette

Wheel, 1 Twenty-one Game, 1 Crap Table.

Apache Club,	1 Roulette Wheel, 1 Twenty-one game, 1 Crap Table.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. A.T.Gilmore appeared before the Board at this time and stated that the game
"Keno," would be played in the Las Vegas Club, of which he is a part owner, as it is meant to be
played according to law.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following licenses be granted to the las Vegas Club. Applications for same being in proper
form and monies to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

4 Slot machines

1 each Stud Poker and Fan.

1 each Keno, Carp Table, Faro, Roulette, and Twenty-one.

	Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell

and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of the Rainbow Club was laid over for further consideration as the
method of the playing of Keno was not described.

The matter of having a survey made of the property owners to be assessed in
connection with the sewer lateral improvement now under consideration by the Board of Com-
missioner was next brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner German, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas is was moved
and carried that Walter Thiess be hired to make said survey, said survey to take about five
days, compensation for same to be at the rate of $5.00 per day.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.