In attendance at this time were the Clark County Delegates to the State Legislature.

Frank Ryan, Senator, and R.T. Moore, Berkeley Bunker, James Farnsworth Assemblymen.
Mr. Cline, Assemblyman was not in attendance.

Mr. Farnsdale informed the Board that he was heartily in favor of municipal ownership,
especially municipal power and would do all in his power to help the City secure municipal
owner ship.

Mr. Bunker informed that Board that his platform as sent forth during the election in the
fall was unchanged but refused to quote the flatform he used during the election, and also stated
he was not going to commit himself on the way in which he would vote on questions pertaining
to the City of Las Vegas the County of Clark of the State of Nevada. That the stand he would
take during the legislature would depend on the presentation of the various bills, and the
manner in which they were presented. He referred especially to Charter amendments of the City
and not committing himself until such time as the same might be presented to the State Leg-
islature, and his vote on the same at the time introduced in legislature would depend on the
wording of the same.

Mr. Moore and Mr. Ryan informed the Board that they had no statement to make at this time
but might at a meeting to be held on January 4th, 1937. Mr. Moore ask that he be handed a draft
of any acts or bills that the City might want introduced.

Mr. Taylor, City Attorney sketched the outline of the City's fight for municipal power
ownership.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Mayor and Clerk sign sales agreements with the Mohawk Oil and Texas oil companies for
requirements for the year 1937.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, non

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause the following tavern liquor
licenses for the year 1937 were granted. Applications being in proper form and money on file with
the Clerk covering the first quarter year license.

Pilar Santa Cruz	Sal Sagev Tavern Inc.	W.S.Goodwin

Art Schreiber		Mission Tavern	Apache Bar

J.K. Wardworth	J.K. Houssels	Homer Groves.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none

0 motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that
all retail beverage licenses for the year 1937 on file with the Clerk be granted at this time.
Money being on file to cover the first quarter year license.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that all sealed package liquor applications for the year 1937 now on file with the Clerk be
granted. Money to cover the first quarter year license also being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that wholesale liquor licenses be granted to the following Nevada Whle. Liquor Corp. Acme
Distributing Co, and Silver's Whle. Liquor Distributors Inc.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that Howard Van Buskirk be granted a whole sale liquor license for the year 1937. Money on file
with the Clerk to cover the first quarter year license.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that all gambling applications for the first quarter year on file with the clerk at this time
granted.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it is ordered:

IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that, until the further order of the Board W.J. Rhodes be continued
as Deputy Building and Plumbing Inspector at his present compensation of One Hundred Fifty
($150.00) Dollars per month.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 4th, 1937.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

held on the 4th day of January, 1937 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry City Clerk and City Attorney.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the clerk.
Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.