OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 18th day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

Minutes of meetings of August 26th, and 29th and September 4th, 6th, and 11th read
and approved as read.

A letter from the Mayor of Long Beach, Cal. and the Pacific Coast Building Officials
Conference asking that the City of Las Vegas send the City Building Inspector to the Con-
ference to be held at Long Beach in the near future was read to the Board. Was decided to
lay the matter over until a full meeting of the Board.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 23rd day of September 1930, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 23rd, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 23rd day of September 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, and Commissioners Smith, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meeting of September 18th read and approved as read.

The matter of the appointing of a City Engineer was next brought before the
Board. After some discussion it was decided to lay the matter over until the next meet-
ing. The written applications of A. R. Thompson, and Hugh Shamberger are on file in the
office of the City Clerk.

Mr.	of Salt Lake City next appeared before the Board with a plan

for the improvement of the City Park Site. No definite action was taken in the matter.
The estimated cost was about $5,500.00

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Thursday the 25th day of September, 1930.