"An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the ex-officio Assessor of the City of
Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to defray the costs of
making certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and surfacing with road
mixed oiled graveled surface and constructing hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter (Com-
bined) on certain streets and protions of streets in said City, according to plats, diagrams
and estimates of cost thereof on file in the office of the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas;
describing definately the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said assessment
 and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed according to benefits; pro-
viding or the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto," was read for a second time
and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Hansell and German and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 176 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be in full
force from and after its complete publication for one week (six Issues) in the Las Vegas Age,
a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance empowering, authorizing and directing the Ex-Officio Assessor of the City
of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, to levy a special assessment to reimburse said
City for the cost of construction of a highway with Federal Aid from the easterly limit of the
intersection of Fremont Street and Fifth Street in said City, running thence along Fremont Street
8s laid out and extended in an easterly direction to the easterly boundary of said City of Las
Vegas; describing definitely the location of said improvements, stating the amounts of said ass-
essment, and designating the lots, lands and premises to be assessed, abutting on the said im-
provement; providing for the payment thereof, and other matters relating thereto," was read for
a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Hansell and German, and His honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin Voting Aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance No. 177 of the City of Las Vegas, and to be in
full force and effect from and after its complete publication for one week (six issues) in the
Las Vegas Age, a daily newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

"An Ordinance providing for the issuance of bonds of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, in the
amount of One Hundred Sixty Thousand Dollars ($160,000.00) for the purpose of constructing main
sanitary outfall sewers and a sewage disposal plant in addition to and also as an extension of
the present sanitary sewer system in said City, prescribing the form of said bonds and the in-
terest coupons to be thereto attached, and making provisions for the levy of a tax to pay the
principal at maturity," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

The bonds of Chief of Police Clay H. Williams, and Frank H. Jones, and Mark Condo, Desk 
Sargents of the Police Department were approved by the Mayor, same being in proper form.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 17th day of September, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 17th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 17th day of Sept. 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll called showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Hansell, Mundy
Thomas, and German, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Minutes of previous meetings read and approved ns read.

Semimonthly salary bills approved.

Mr. Waggoner of the Pacific Clay Pipe Company appeared before the Board in regard to
the the class of pipe make by this company suitable for use in sewer construction work.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that six
slot machine licenses be granted to E.P. Bihlmaier, the application for said slot machine
being on file with the Clerk, and in proper form, and amount sufficient to cover same accompanying
 said applications. The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas,
German, Hansell and Mundy and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board entered into a discussion as to the advisability of the Fire
Dept. of the City of Las Vegas answering fire calls out side of the City Limits. After some
discussion on motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Fire Department of the City of Las Vegas was not to answer fire calls out side the City
Limits of the City of Las Vegas, nor was the fire fighting equipment to be taken from the
City to fight fires out side said City Limits. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commission-
ers, Mundy, German, Hansell, and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes
None.

Mr. A.R.Thompson appeared before the Board with a plat of Sunset Park Subdivision to
the City of Las Vegas to be approved by said Board of Commissioners. Said plat was approved
by the President and Secretary of the City Planning Commission, and certificate of title of
said Owner R.A. Anderson being presented to the Board. On motion of Commissioner Thomas, second
by Commissioner German it was moved that the plat of Sunset Park be approved, and same be
signed by the Mayor, and attest by the Clerk under the seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

At this time a letter was read to the Board from Leonard T.Blood, Deputy Labor Com—