Beginning at the southeast corner of said NE¼ of the SW¼ of Section 27, T. 20S., R. 61 E.,
MD.B.& M., said corner described as being 1/16 corner sent in concrete and established
by the City of Las Vegas, and bearing north a distance of 29.59 feet from Engineer's
Station "L" 0-79.71 P.O.C., thence S.88 17' W. along the southernly boundary of said
NE¼ a distance of 280.86 feet to a point on the northerly right of way line of the present
Highway, then N. 62 06' W. along said right of way line a distance of 55.10 feet to a
point on the railroad right of way line, thence N. 27 54'30" E. along said railroad right
of way line a distance of 26.20 feet to a point on the proposed northerly 40 foot highway
right of way line, thence N. 88 17' E. along said right of way line a distance of 119.83
feet to a point, thence from a tangent whose bearing is the last described course curving
to the right along said right of way line with a radius of 540 feet through an angle of
21 19' 30" a distance of 200.98 feet to a point on the easterly boundary of said NE¼,
thence south along said easterly boundary a distance of 11.50 feet to the point of beginning.

And the City having heretofore expressed to said State Highway Department its disposition
to furnish said State Highway Department with a good and sufficient right of way, and the City
being desirous of cooperating with said State Highway Department to the fullest, and still
being desirous of cooperating with the State Highway Department to the extent of furnishing the
said State Highway Department with a good and sufficient right of way for such purposes,
it is therefore

ORDERED that the City commit itself at this time to do all, each and every thing now nec-
essary, or which may hereafter be necessary to secure, preserve and defend the title of the
said State Highway Department in and to the above described premises and right of way, and the
City further hereby commits itself to prosecute condemnation proceedings if necessary to secure
title to the above described property and also any and every other proceeding that may become
necessary to the end of obtaining or securing title to the said right of way for the benefit
of the State Highway Department.

The foregoing Order was introduced by Commissioner Down and seconded by Commissioner
Farnsworth, and the vote upon the adoption of the same was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,

Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Marble, absent.

The matter of securing a "shoofly" for the City of Las Vegas was next considered and
after due consideration the following Preamble and Resolution was introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, the State Highway Department is contemplating the construction of an under
pass under the Union Pacific Railroad System on Clark Avenue in the City of Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, it is necessary and convenient for said State Highway Department to use certain
of the City land adjacent to the said Union Pacific System to construct a shoofly incidental
to the construction of the said underpass, and have requested the use of the said land from
the City, be it, therefore,

RESOLVED, that in order to facilitate the construction of the said underpass and in co-
operation with the State Highway Department that the City enter into an agreement with the
State Highway Department granting the said State Highway Department a temporary easement upon
the said land, a copy of which contract, without signatures, is hereunto annexed and

The Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized, empowered and directed to execute, on be-
half of the City, the said hereunto annexed contract.

The foregoing Preambles and Resolution were introduced by Commissioner Down and seconded
by Commissioner Farnsworth.

The vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none. Commissioner Marble absent.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
D.G. Lorenzi and Ray Mann be issued retail beverage licenses for the third quarter year and
that Ray Murphy be issued three slot machine licenses for the same period of time. All appli-
cations being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

All minutes of regular recessed regular and special meeting of the Board held from May
20 to June 8th, 1936 read and approved as read.

An application from the First State Bank of the City of Las Vegas for permission to place
a fuel Oil storage tank under the side walk on the Westside of said bank building was presented
to the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Down the following Permit
was issued:

BE IT RESOLVED that a Permit is hereby issued to the First State Bank of the City of Las
Vegas for permission for installation of a fuel oil tank under the side walk approximately
ninety (90) feet from the northeast corner of First and Fremont Street on North First Street,
and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that this permit is granted suggest to the approval of C.D. Baker
City Engineer and H. Case Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Department, provided it does not violate
any codes or laws of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 28th day of July at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.