To consider and provide for the assignment of the sewer contract, held
by Koebig and Koebig, to Webster L. Benham, and other matter relating to
sewerage matters.

To consider and act upon the matter of approving or disapproving plat
of subdivision known as Auto Park Tract heretofore submitted to this Board.

You will give notice of this meeting pursuant to this call.

Dated January 23, 1931.

J.F. Hesse

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

To J. F. Hesse, Mayor, and to Commissioners O.J. Smith, C. German, L.B. Hansell,
and R. W. Thomas:

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued
by J. F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a special meeting of the Board of
Commissioners of said City of Las Vegas will be held at the Board room of said Board in the
County Commissioners' Room in the County Court House in the City of Las Vegas, County of
Clark, State of Nevada, on Friday the 23rd day of January, 1931, at the hour of eight o'clock

P.M., to consider and act upon the following business, to-wit:

To consider and provide for the assignment of the sewer contract, held by Koebig and

Koebig, to Webster L. Benham, and other matters relating to sewerage matters.

To consider and act on the matter of approving or disapproving plat of subdivision

known as Auto Park Tract, heretofore submitted to this Board.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated January 23rd, 1931.

Viola Burns

Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

We, the undersigned, hereby acknowledge due service of the foregoing notice on
this 23rd day of January 1931, and also certify that O.J. Smith Commissioner in not in the
City of Las Vegas on this date and that his whereabouts cannot at this time be readily
obtained and L.B. Hansell is out of the County of Clark at this time.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 23rd day of January 1931.

J.F. Hesse	W. C. German

Mayor	R. W. Thomas

L.B. Hansell

Commissioners.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Board of City Commissioners approved the plat of "AutoPark Tract," same being in proper
form, and approved by the City Planing Commission, That the Mayor J.F. Hesse approve same in
writing on map of plat and be attest by the Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioner Hansell had not arrived at this time.

Mr. Webster L. Benham, of the Benham Engineering Company appeared before the Board at
this time inregards to the transferring of the contract held between the City of Las Vegas,
and the firm of Koebig and Koebig Sanitary Engineers of Los Angeles, for sewer improvements.

No decision being reached the Board recessed until Saturday the 24th day of January
at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Saturday the 24th day of January Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas Hansell,
German, and the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

The Board went at once into the matter of transferring the above mentioned contract.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

WHEREAS, the firm of Koebig & Koebig, engineers, was employed for certain engineering
work by contract with the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, dated September 27, 1929: and

WHEREAS, said firm has requested that the City consent to a transfer of said contract
to Webster L. Benham, consulting engineer, and said Webster L. Benham is hereby found to be
a competent and qualified engineer: and

WHEREAS, this Board appreciates the services the said firm has rendered to the City of
Las Vegas, and that this transfer is to be made without prejudice to their reputation as
engineers and without refection on the firm of Koebig and Koebig:

NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, that he said City does hereby consent to the transfer of the said contract
to said Webster L. Benham, and it is hereby directed that the Mayor and the City Clerk of this
City endorse such consent to transfer in writing upon such contract in accordance with the
terms of this Resolution.