ASSESSED VALUATION

Cash on Hand, January 1, 1933	$49,901.75

Balance due from second half taxes 1932	38,841.26

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures
of the City of Las Vegas, for the current years as required by Section 9, Chapter 42,

Laws of Nevada, 1923.

Attest:

Viola Burns

City Clerk	Signed E.W. Cragin

Mayor.

Dated March 6, 1933.

( City Seal)

The vote on the adoption of the Budget was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The tax levy was next brought before the Board for consideration add on motion of
Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following Resolutions were introduced
and passed:

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.16 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collect and
paid for the year 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.270 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as General Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.301 on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Street Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.198 on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1933, including the net proceed of the mines, except such
property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Water Sewer Light Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.026 on each one hundred dollars worth of
taxable property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Library Fund.