Leonard Blood of the Veterans of foreign Wars appeared before the Board asking them

to appropriate the sum of $75.00 per month for the next six months to help defray the expenses
of maintaining a Deputy Labor Commissioner in the City of Las Vegas. This sum would have to be
taken from the Publicity Fund , and as that fund is almost depleted at the present time the
Board decided to let the matter lay over until the money was proportioned from the taxes that
will be paid in the month of May.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 9th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

SPECIAL CALLED MEETING.

May 3rd, 1930.

CALL

To- Viola Burns, City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
to be held at the Board room of said Board On Saturday the 3rd day of May, 1930 at the hour of
three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the following business of said City:

1.	To act on bill of R.E. Hazard Contracting Company for $27,816.01 and assignment of
compensation by it to California Group Corporation of date March 29, 1930 under rough grading
curb and gutter contract of December 6, 1929.

Said meeting to be held at the Board Room in the County Court House.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

Dated this 3rd day of May, 1930.

J.F. Hesse 

Mayor.

NOTICE.

To- J.F. Hesse, Mayor, O.J. Smith, W.C. German, R.W. Thomas and L.B. Hansell, Commissioners:

You and each of you will please take notice that, pursuant to a call this day issued by
J.F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, a special meeting of the Board of Commission-
ers of said City will be held at the Board Room of said Board at the County Court House in
said City on Saturday the 3rd day of May, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider
and act upon the following business of said City:

1. To act on bill of R.E. Hazard Contracting Company for $27,816.01 and assignment of com-
pensation by it to California Group Corporation of date March 29, 1930 under rough grading
curb and gutter contract of December 6, 1929.

Dated May 3rd, 1930.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

Acceptance of Service.

We hereby accept service of the foregoing notice, and we represent that L.B. Hansell is
absent from said City on this date.

J.F. Hesse	W.C. German

Mayor.	Commissioner

R.W. Thomas

Commissioner.

Present at the meeting was Mayor J.F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and German together with the
City attorney, and Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following Resolution
was duly adopted:

Whereas R.E. Hazard Contracting Company has presented and filed with this Board an assign-
ment to California Groupe Corporation of compensation to become due under its agreement with
the City of Las Vegas, of date December 6, 1929,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized and directed
to consent to said assignment in writing in the following form,

The above and foregoing assignment of compensation is hereby consented to, subject to the
right of said City to withhold and deduct such sums as it is provided in the documents forming
the contract that said City may withhold and/or deduct, and subject to the prior rights and
equities of the surety company on the bond of the Contractor hereunder, City of Las Vegas
acting through its Board of Commissioners under Resolution adopted May 3, 1930.

By J.F. Hesse

Its Mayor.

Be It Further Resolved, that the first check payable to R.E. Hazard Contracting Company, be
made out in the name of said R.E. Hazard Contracting Co; and forwarded to said California Group
Corporation and that upon the endorsement of said check by R.E. Hazard Contracting Company to said