At this time Ryland Taylor presented a Claim to the Board for consideration. Said claim
was in the sum of $200.00, covering extra legal work in regard to securing municipal owner-
ship for a power plant and system for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the sum of $200.00 be allowed Ryland Taylor, additional legal work for the City of
Las Vegas.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.	*

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the sum of $1.00 per month Be deducted from the payroll of each City employee making
or earning over the sum of $25.00 per month. Said ruling to be in effect as of the January
15th, 1336 payroll.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that two slot machine licenses be granted to Art Schreiber, application being in proper form
and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.



No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed and
adjourned until Friday the 6th day of December, 1935 at the hour of 1:30 o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 6th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 6th day of December, 1935 at the hour of 1:30 O'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble and Ward,

City attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down and Farnsworth.

Mr. Robinson of the Federal Vice Squad appeared before the Board at this time and a
general discussion of the narcotic condition in the City of Las Vegas at the present time was
discussed. Mr. Robinson stated to the Board that the condition was much improved over some
of his previous trips to Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioners Ward the following Preambles
and Resolution were adopted:

WHEREAS, C.C. Ronnow has instituted an action in the District Court of the Eighth Jud-
icial District of the State of Nevada and for the County of Clark, against the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, The Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, L.L. Arnett, Mayor
of said City, and James H. Down, H.P. Marble, M.E. Ward and David Farnsworth as member of the
said Board, the nature of which suit is to restrain the City and Board of Commissioners from
proceeding further with the sale of a bond issue to establish or acquire a municipal power
system and other matters, and

WHEREAS, it is the judgment of the Board that the said suit should be defended, now
therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED: That Ryland Taylor, City Attorney, be and he is hereby authorized and
directed to defend on behalf of the City of Las Vegas, and the Board of City Commissioners
and the Mayor and individual Commissioners thereof the said suit, in the District Court
of the State of Nevada.

Commissioners Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 11th day of December, 1935 at the hour of one thirty P.M.