California Group Corporation the same shall be considered an acceptance of the conditional
consent to said assignment hereby authorized,

Be It Further Resolved, that the City Clerk transmit with such check a certified copy
of this Resolution.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners German, and Thomas, and His Honor
the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board next considered the bill of R.E. Hazard Contracting Co; of date May 1st,1930
in the sum of $27,816.01 accompanied by estimate of Paul Hosman, Engineer for the City
of date May 1, 1930, and upon motion duly made and seconded the following Resolution was
accepted:

Resolved that the bill of May 1, 1930 of R.E. Hazard Contracting Company be and the same
is hereby allowed and a warrant is hereby directed to be drawn to said R.E. Hazard Contract-
ing Company in payment of the same and that the check issued pursuant to said warrant be
transmitted by the City Clerk in accordance with the last preceding Resolution adopted at
this meeting.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Thomas, and His
Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
then adjourned. Board to meet in a recessed regular session Friday the 9th day of May
1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 9th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting held on the 9th day of May, 1930, at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meetings of April 29th, May 1st, May 2nd, and May 3rd read and corrected.

The Clerk was directed to mail a check for Three Hundred Dollars ($300.00) to John
R. Davies, of Los Angeles, payment on ornamental street light system installed in the City
of Las Vegas.

Letter from E.B. Keelen, with drawing his application for a gas permit from the
City was read to the Board. Clerk directed to answer same, and inform Mr. Keelen that he
is permitted to withdraw this application.

Letter from B.V. Smith protesting against the curb and gutter improvement in front
of his home at 618 South Second Street, and also protesting against the assessment. Letter
was referred to Paul D. Hosman, Engineer for the City with instructions to look into the matter.

A letter from John A. Shafer, in regards to an application, for the installing of a
gas plant and mains in the City of Las Vegas was next brought before the Board. The Clerk was
instructed to write and inform him of the Resolution passes inregards to the presenting of a
bond of $5,000.00 at the time the permit should be granted.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Wednesday the 14th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M. At this time
the bids, from bond buyers would be opened.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 14th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 14th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith, Thomas, together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.	Absent Commissioner Hansell.

At this time the bids for the bonds on the unpaid assessments on street improve-
ments in the City of Las Vegas were opened.

After due consideration, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, Seconded by Commissioner
German it was moved that the bid of Snow, Goodart and Company, of Salt Lake City be accepted.
That the Mayor and City Clerk accept the bid in the following form:

For $49,595.10 Las Vegas Paving Improvement Bonds and $34,898.10 Las Vegas Curb and
Gutter Bonds, both issued in accordance with your official Notices of Sale, we make the
following offer:

For bonds bearing 7% interest we will pay par and accrued interest.