Mr. A. W. Ham, chairman of a committee appointed by the Board of Commissioners to

 investigate the sewer problem, and the contract held between the City and Koebig and Koebig,

S nitary Engineers appeared before the Board, and stated that they had received work from
the firm of Koebig and Koebig that they would not abrogate the contract with the City of
Las Vegas and the firm of Koebig and Koebig after stating in a meeting the Board that they
would abrogate said contract if the citizens were not satisfied with the firm holding said
contract. Mr. Ham reported that a report would be ready by the end of the week.

"An Ordinance regulating the use of devices or apparatus which interferes with radio
broadcast reception," was read to the Board for a first time, and laid over for a second read-
ing.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Saturday the 9th day of August at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS?

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 9th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 9th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, Hansell, and Smith , together
with acting City Attorney A.S. Henderson, and Clerk.

Absent City attorney Stevens.

Balance of claim allowed for the month of July as per claims and warrant register
on file in the office of the Clerk.

The following Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas seconded by Com-
missioner Hansell:

Resolve that Commissioner Smith be allowed $40.00 out of the City Publicity Fund
as expense allowance on trip to Carson City to secure Federal Aid on the Highway to the
Boulder Canyon Damsite.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas. Smith German, and
Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. Platt of the National State Horticultural Association appeared before the
Board at this time in regards to the planting of suitable varieties of plants in the park
site.	At this time no action was taken in the matter as the Board of Commissioners are

waiting the completion of the Federal Building on the site, and to have the grounds
comform in the style of gardening, with that around the Federal Building.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 15th day of August at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 13th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of August 1950 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Smith and Hansell together with the
Deputy City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas, and City Attorney Stevens.

Minutes of meeting of July 25th, August 7th and 9th read and approved as read.

A written application from the Las Vegas Motor Transit Company was read to the
Board appling for permission to operate a bus line in the City of Las Vegas, making stops
to receive and discharge passengers on the streets of the City of Las Vegas
and same was referred to Deputy City Attorney Noland for investigation, and to report
on same at the next meeting.