12" Diameter-Alley between Seventh and Eighth Streets from Charleston Boulevard to
Bonneville Street.

8" Diameter-Gass Street from the alley between Main and First Streets to the alley
between Fourth and Fifth Streets.

10" Diameter-Gass Street from the alley between Fourth and Fifth Streets to the alley
between Fifth and Sixth Streets thence through the alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets from
Gass Street to Bonneville Street.

10" Diameter-Bonneville Street from the alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets to the
alley between Ninth and Tenth Streets.

18" Diameter-Alley between Ninth and Tenth Streets from Bonneville Street to Carson
Street.

8" Diameter- Bridger Street from the alley between Seventh and Eighth Streets to the
alley between Ninth and Tenth Streets.

15" Diameter-Carson Street from the alley Ninth and Tenth Streets to the alley
between Twelfth and Thirteenth Streets.

18" Diameter-Alley between Twelfth and Thirteenth Streets from Carson Street to the
east and west alley between Carson and Fremont Streets.

18" Diameter-Thirteenth Street from the east and west alley between Carson and Fremont
Street to the east and west alley between Fremont and Ogden St.	

15" Diameter-East and West alley between Fremont and Ogden Street from Thirteenth	

Street to the alley between Thirteenth and Fourteenth Street.

18" Diameter-Alley between Thirteenth and Fourteenth Street from the east and west
alley between Fremont and Ogden Street to Mesquite Street thence along Mesquite Street to
Fourteenth Street and along Fourteenth Street from Mesquite to Oak Street.

21" Diameter-Fourteenth Street from Oak Street to Croissant Street and thence into
Disposal Plant.

10" Diameter-Stewart Street form the alley between Eighth and Ninth Street to the alley
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth Street.

10" Diameter-Fremont Street from the connection with the present sewer on the property
of the Union Pacific Railroad Co. west of Main Street to Main Street, thence along Main
Street to Stewart Street, thence along Stewart Street from Main Street to the alley between
Fifth and Sixth Streets.

12" Diameter-Alley between Fifth and Sixth Street from Stewart Street to the North
line of Buck's Subdivision.

10" Diameter-Alley between Third and Fourth Street from the east and west alley between
Fremont and Ogden Street to Stewart Street.

8" Diameter-Railroad Avenue and First Street from Clark Ave; to alley between Gass
and Stewart Avenues. (Original Townsite)

10" Diameter-First Street from the alley between Gass and Stewart Ave. to Washington
Avenue. (Original Townsite)

15" Diameter-From corner of Washington Avenue and First Street (Original Townsite)
southeasterly to the intersection of the alley between Fifth and Sixth Streets with the
North line of Buck's Subdivision, thence along the north line of Buck's Subdivision to the
intersection of State and Oak Streets, thence aling Oak Street to Fourteenth Street.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED BY THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
NEVADA,

(1)	That the said general plan and report for such system of main sanitary outfall

sewers and sewage disposal plant, as prepared and recommended by the City's Consulting En-
gineer, as hereby changed and amended, be and the same is hereby adopted and approved.

(2)	This Board reserves the right, however, to change from time to time the depths
at which said main sewers are to be laid, it being understood that such depths have not as
yet been finally approved and adopted.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, and Mundy and His
Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit excavating, paving, leveling, re-
pairing, sidewalking, crosswalking, or filing in any public street, highway, avenue or alley
within the City Limits, without first obtaining a written permit to do so and giving a bond

to replace the street in proper condition within the time	specified in such permit; to pro-

vide a penalty for the violation thereof, and repeal Ordinance No. 37 of said City, and all
Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was read to the Board for a first
time and laid over for a second reading.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 27th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.