( COPY OF BUDGET)

NEVADA TAX COMMISSION
PRESCRIBED FORM FOR CITY BUDGETS, 192_

Estimated Receipts and Expenditures of the City of Las Vegas for the Year ending

December 31, 1932, as provided by Section 9, Chapter 42, Statutes of Nevada, 1923.

Indicates totals for all bonds and interest.

Cash on hand, January 1, 1931	$75,800.37

Balance Due from second half Taxes, 1930 	28,570.03

The above is a true and correct statement of the estimated receipts and expenditures
of the City of Las Vegas, for the current years as required by Section 9, Chapter 42, Laws
of Nevada, 1923.

Attest:

Viola Burns	(Signed) J. F. Hesse

City Clerk	Mayor.

Dated February 27th, 1931.

The Clerk was directed to deliver a copy of the Budget to the Board of County Com-
missioners, to have budget published once a week for two consecutive weeks in a newspaper
printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, and to send a copy of said Budget to the State
Board of Finance.

The matter of the tax levy was next brought before the Board of Commissioners and upon
motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German the following Resolution was duly
adopted and unanimously carried:

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.156 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the Salary Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.086 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be known as and used as the General Fund.

RESOLVED that an ad valorem tax of $.063 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected, and
paid for the year 1931, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as is
exempt from taxation, said tax to be know as and used as the Police and Fire Fund.