A.E. Clark and A.L. Worswick appeared before the Board at this time and protested against
the present building, plumbing and electrical ordinances and the rates and fees charges for
the above mentioned class of works.

No action was taken on the matter at this time.

John Cahlan appeared before the Board in regard to the hiring of a person or persons as
directors and overseers at the new play ground when it should be opened in the rear future.

Mr. Rapoport appeared before the Board in regard to the transferring of a 20% beverage
license to an alcoholic liquor license by paying the additional $20.00 difference in the license
fees. He was instructed that a beverage license of $30.00 could not be transferred into an
alcoholic liquor license by the payment of $20..00.

H.P. Marble appeared before the Board and ask about money being taken from the Library
Savings Certificate to purchase books for the Library. He was instructed that the same had been
taken care of at the regular meeting Jan. 4th, 1934.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that all slot machine licenses applied for be granted. All applications being in proper order
and money to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and His Honor
the mayor Voting aye. Noes none.

At This time the passage of a suitable resolution on the demise of P.H. Springer,

Acting Municipal Judge, was brought before the Board, and the following resolution, on motion
of Commissioner Arnett, seconded by Commissioner German, was unanimously adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 2nd day of January, 1934, Acting Municipal Judge, P.H. Springer
departed this life, and

WHEREAS, the said P.H. Springer was and has been in the performance of his
duties as Municipal Judge during the absence of the regularly appointed Municipal
Judge, faithful, conscientious and courageous, and

WHEREAS, in the death and passing of P.H. Springer City City of Las Vegas has
suffered a great loss, and the County of Clark and the State of Nevada a worthy
and valuable citizen, NOW THEREFORE

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, by and through its Mayor and Board
of City Commissioners, deeply feels the loss sustained, and extends to the re-
latives of the deceased, particularly the son who resided with the deceased at
Goodsprings, Nevada, its deepest expression of condolence and sympathy in their
bereavement, and bespeaks the individual sorrow of the Mayor and each member of the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas;

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon the minutes
of the Board of City Commissioners and a copy forwarded to the son of the said
deceased residing at Goodsprings, Nevada, and to the other relatives of the de-
ceased.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the passage of a suitable resolution on the demise of J.M. Ullom, City
Treasurer, was brought before the Board, and the following Resolution, on motion of Commissioner
German, seconded by Commissioner Arnett was unanimously adopted:

WHEREAS, on the 14th day of January, 1934, City Treasurer J.M. Ullom
departed this life, and

WHEREAS, the said J.M. Ullom was and had been a faithful, conscient-
ious and efficient officer of the City of Las Vegas, ever alert in per-
forming his duty in the office which he held for many years, and

WHEREAS, in the death and passing of J.M. Ullom the City of Las Vegas,
has suffered a great loss, and the County of Clark and State of Nevada
a worthy and valuable citizen, NOW THEREFORE

BE IT RESOLVED, that the City of Las Vegas, by and through its Mayor
and Board of City Commissioners, deeply feels the loss sustained, and
extends to the widow, aon and relatives it deepest expression of condo-
lence and sympathy in their bereavement, and bespeaks the individual
sorrow of the Mayor and each member of the Board of Commissioners of
said City, with whom the said J.M. Ullom labored and whom he so ably
served:

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that a copy of this Resolution be spread upon
the minutes of the Board of City Commissioners and a copy thereof
forwarded to the widow, son and relatives of the deceased.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 25th day of January 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.