A written application from the Fuller Construction Company for a ninety day extension of
time on the work now under construction in the City of Las Vegas by the said company was
presented to the Board for its consideration at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that the
Fuller Construction Company be given a ninety day extension of time subject to the approval
of the Union Indemnity Company, surety for the construction company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and Mayor Pro tem
W.C.German voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the loth day of June at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 16th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 16th day of June 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners, Mundy,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

This being the time set for the opening of bids on the Sewer Laterals District No.l
and a number of bids being received the Clerk at the direction of the Mayor Pro Tem proceed-
ed to open the same.

Bids received as follows:

Fuller Construction Company	$77,257.27

Kemper Construction Company 86,961.14
J.C. Hickey	97,010.20

Bebek & Brikieh	105,516.25

On motion of Commissioner Hansell	Seconded by Commissioner Thomas the Clerk was

directed to return the certified checks accompanying all bids except the the certified check
of the Fuller Construction Company. Said company having the low bid, Check of the Fuller Con-
struction Company to be held until the return of Mayor Cragin at which time Board of Com-
missioners will consider the signing of a contract.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Thomas and Hansell and
Mayor Pro Tem W.C.German voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board considered the construction of a suitable road to lead to
the disposal plant now under construction. On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Com-
missioner Thomas it was moved that J.P. King, Supt. of Streets, construct a suitable street
from Fremont Street on 14th Street to the Disposal Plant.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and
Mayor Pro Tem W.C.German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell Seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that Keno Games in operation in the City of Las Vegas operate under the policy now in
effect until the end of the second quarter June 30th, 1932.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Mundy, Thomas, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem, W.C.German voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 23rd day of June 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 23rd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 23rd day of June 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem W.C.German, Commissioners
Mundy, Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.