On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following tavern
licenses were granted:

Frank Lancaster, for Frank's Bar, J.K. Houssels for Las Vegas Tavern, Sal Sagev
Tavern Inc; Barrel House, Mission Tavern, Al Salton, the Golden Camel, and The Tivoli Tavern.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward, a wholesale liquor license
was granted to Silver's Liquor Distributors Inc. The fee of $75.00 accompanying said appli-
cation.

Vote was as follows Commissioner Marble, Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the
Mayor voting age. Noes, none.

The next business brought before the Board for consideration was the granting of
gaming and slot machine licenses for the quarter year Jan. 1st to March 31st, 1936.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
slot machine and gaming licenses for the quarter year were granted. Ail applications
being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Jack Weisberger 1 slot machine	J.R. McMichael	2 slot machines

Art Schreiber 9	"	"	Frank Lancaster 1	"	"

Las Vegas club 4	"	" one pan, one poker, 2 crap tables, 1 Keno with 150

chairs, Big 6 Wheel, Roulette, Faro, and 2 Twenty-one Tables.

J.H. Morgan for the Silver Club, one each crap table and Roulette.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk read to the Board a letter from W.B. Mundy, Ex-officio City Treasurer, and
F.C.DeVinney, Ex-officio City Assessor in which they ask that their salaries be increased
from the sum of $50.00 per month to the sum of $75.00 per month.

Commissioner Marble moved that the said salaries be increased from $50.00 per month to
$75.00 per month effective as of January 1st, 1936. No second to the motion was made. There-
for said motion died for want of a second.

Commissioner Down moved that the letter be placed on file for future consideration, This
motion was seconded by Commissioner Ward, and the following vote was taken, Commissioners Down
Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none, Commissioner Marble not
voting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
JANUARY 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of January, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
Clerk.

An ordinance entitle, "An Ordinance defining Garbage and Rubbish, and regulating the
collection and disposal of garbage, and rubbish in the City of Las Vegas, and matters relat-
ing thereto, and providing penalties for the violation of the provisions thereof and re-
pealing certain ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, and other matters
relating thereto," was read for a second time and adopted, approved and finally passed by
the following vote: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His
Honor the Mayor, L.L. Arnett voting aye. Noes, none, absent none.

Commissioner Ward ask that he be excused.

Frank Bressette, Sexton of the Woodlawn Cemetery appeared before the Board in regard
to placing a new fence in front of the cemetery grounds on No. 5th St. 

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved that 
Mrs. Mundy, as Secretary of the Cemetery Board take the necessary steps to purchase new fencing 
and repairs to fences at the cemetery. Said expense to be stood by the Cemetery Fund.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
wholesale liquor licenses for the year 1936 were granted. Applications being in proper form
a d money on file with the Clerk covering the cost of same for the quarter year Jan 1st, to
March 31st, 1936 as is provided by ordinance.

Underhill Brothers, Nevada Wholesale Liquor Corporation and J.T. Watters.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Marble the following
wholesale beverage licenses for the year 1936 were granted. Applications being accompanied by
the sum of $25.00 each covering the license fees for the quarter year Jan. 1st to March 31st,
1936.

Nevada National Ice and Cold Storage Co. Lloyd Young and Outpost Trading Co.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.