This also being the time set for hearing of protests against the assessments on lots in
the City of Las Vegas District No. 1 for defraying by special assessments that portions of
the costs to be paid by lot owners for the construction of hydraulic Concrete Curbs, and Gutters
and rough grading under Ordinance No. 152 of the City of Las Vegas, and the Ex-Officio assess-
or of the City being present with the Board, and no protests being made either orally or

Thereupon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German it was ordered
that said assessment Roll No. 152 created for the construction of Hydraulic Concrete Curbs
Gutters, and Rough Grading in accordance with Ordinance No. 152 of the City of Las Vegas be
and the same is hereby confirmed by the Board of City Commissioners on this 7th day of Febru-
ary 1930, and that the City Clerk shall make an endorsement upon said roll showing the date
and fact of confirmation, as required by Charter and thereupon deliver the sane to the County
Assessor, acting ex-officio city assessor with her certificate of such confirmation and of
the date thereof, and such County Assessor, acting ex-officio city assessor shall there upon
record such assessment roll in his office, and append thereto his certificate of the date of
such recording. It is further ordered that such assessments be and are hereby made payable
upon this approval.

The members of the Board then entered into s discussion on the purposed sewer system.

The Clerk was directed to write Koebig and Koebig, Engineers, for a copy of detailed estimates
and specifications, and a copy of the profiles.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 10th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 10th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro tem Smith, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse, 

Hr. W. R. Bracken, of the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; appeared before the Board,
and stated that any objection the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; might have to the laying of
the proposed sewer mains in the streets or alleys of the City of Las Vegas would be present-
ed to the Board in writing.

Mr. J. M. Heaton appeared before the Board and ask that the Board donate the sum of
One Hundred Dollars per month for the next five months to the local Radio Broadcasting Station
KGIX. As the Publicity fund is about depleted is was moved by Commissioners German seconded by
Commissioner Thomas that the City donate the sum of Seventy-Five Dollars from the Publicity
Fund to Radio Station KGIX.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioner Thomas, German, and Hansell, and
Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Friday the 14th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 14th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada held on, the 14th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith to-
gether with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Mr. W. R. Bracken, Vice-President and Agent of the Las Vegas Land and Water Co;
read a letter to the Board of Commissioners from the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; asking
for the loan of a set of plans and specifications of the contemplated sewer system, if
it would be possible to loan the set now on file in the Clark's office, and send same to
Los Angeles for photostating .