Addition as the Miller-Busick Coprotation, of which he is part owner did not feel that it
was necessary to put in street improvements at the present time.

Mr. Ryan again appeared before the Board representing a number of property owners
protesting against the improvement of Stewart Street from Main Street to Fifth Street at
the present time. Mr. Wilson, Mr. Santine, and Mr. Irish, and Mrs. Bullett again appeared
before said Board protesting said improvement.

At this time the Board of Commissioners decided to drop from said improvements at
this time Stewart Street from Main to Fifth Street, and Sixth and Seventh Streets from
Garces to Charleston Blvd; on decision was reached in regards to the rest of the district.

At this time the Board considered the improving of Fremont Street from Fifth Street
to the east City limits with Federal Aid.

On motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that the Resolution adopted on the 7th day of January, 1931, by this Board
authorizing the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada to take such steps as are
necessary to make the surveys and to construct a thirty foot in width strip of highway
along Fremont Street from the westerly limit of Eighth Street to the easterly limit of
the City of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby rescinded.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Thereupon the following Resolution was, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded
by Commissioners Hansell duly adopted:

RESOLVED: That the City of Las Vegas does hereby authorize the State Highway Depart-
ment of the State of Nevada to take such steps as are necessary to make the surveys and
to construct a thirty foot in width strip of highway along Fremont Street from the
limit of the intersection of Fifth and Fremont Streets to the Easterly limits of
the City of Las Vegas to connect with a highway to be built by Federal Aid from said east-
erly limits of the City of Las Vegas to the vicinity of Hoover Dam, such protion so located
on Fremont Street to be constructed of the same materials and under the same specifications
as the said highway to run to the vicinity of Hoover Dam, provided such strip so constructed 
on said portion of Fremont Street and Fremont Street as extended to said easterly limits
of the City of Las Vegas to be constructed under Federal Aid, and the City pledges itself
to raise the funds to pay for such surveys, engineering work and construction of said
highway on said protion of Fremont Street as shall properly be chargeable to said City
under the regulations of the United States and of said State Highway Department relating
to Federal Aid roads, highways or streets in incorporated cities.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby auth-
orized to execute such further memorandum of agreement with said St te highway Depart-
ment of the State of Nevada to carry out the intent of this Resolution as said State
Highway Department may reasonably require.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that a certified copy of this Resolution be furnished to
said State Highway Department.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows Commissioners Hansell, and Smith and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to act for the Finance Commissioner
due to the absence of Finance Commissioner German.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 15th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 15th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioner of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Hansell together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Smith.

At this time the Board again considered the matter of the proposed street improve-
ments, and several citizens appeared before the Board protesting said improvements.

After some discussion upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner
German it was moved that 51% of the property owners in said districts did not sign the pro-
test petitions.

Vote as follows: Commissioners German, and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye
Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German the following Res-
olution was duly adopted:

Resolved that the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas abandon the four
improvement districts that have been up for consideration at this and previous meetings
as a number of property owners both by petition and appearing in person before the Board
protest against said improvements at the present time, and as the district is very large,
and the need a of sewer system being paramount at this time,

Vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners German, and Hansell voting
Aye. His Honor the Mayor voting No.

A letter from Miss Frazier, Supt. of schools was read to the Board asking that