OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
	CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 28th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of	City Commissioners of	the	City of Las

Vegas held on the 28th day	of March 1930 at the hour	of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Smith, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and German together with
the Deputy City Attorney Dan V. Noland and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse. and City Attorney Stevens.

The check of Mabel Mihoover Sandifer, Executrix of the Estate of Edward Everett
Smith, deceased, in favor of the Board of City Commissioners of this City for One Thous-
and Dollars ($1000.00) for Library Fund in accordance with the Last Will and Testament
of said Edward Everett Smith, Deceased, was presented to the Board.

On motion duly made seconded and carried it was,

RESOLVED, that said check be accepted and that the same be endorsed by the City

Clerk and deposited in the Library Fund of the City, to be used subject to the order of

this Board. Said Clerk to give receipt on behalf of this Board as may be required by said
Administratrix.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows; Commissioners German, Thomas, and
Hansell, and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until hour of seven P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 28TH, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held on the 28th
day of March 1930 at the hour of seven P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Minutes of meeting of March 20th read and approved as read.

A form of notice bearing date of March 28, 1930, directed to R.E. Hazard Contracting
Company, executed by J.P. King, City Superintendent of Streets of Las Vegas, Nevada, acting
Engineer and/or City Engineer of said City, directing among other things said R.E. Hazard
Contracting Company to commence work under the provisions of the contract of date Dec. 6,

1929, made between said R.E. Hazard Contracting Company, as contractor, and said City of Las
Vegas as one of the contracting parties, covering the grading for and construction of Hydra-
ulic cement concrete curbs gutters and rough grading for street improvement work in said
City, such work to commence seven days after the receipt of said notice, and to complete said
work within ninety days from the date of the receipt of such notice and reciting that the
extension of time for completion of said contract was made by authority of the Board of Com-
missioners of said City, was presented to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, the the execution of said notice by said J.P. King as such City Superin-
tendent of Streets, acting Engineer and/or City Engineer as prescribed in said contract
above mentioned, be and the same is hereby authorized, approved and confirmed and said ex-
tension of time therein specified is hereby authorized, ratified, approved and confirmed by
this Board; and that said J.P. King, as such City Superintendent of streets is hereby auth-
orized to serve or cause to be served on said R.E. Hazard Contracting Company said notice,
to the same being executed in triplicate: such service to be made at as early a date as
reasonably possible; and that all the matters and things stated in said notice be and the
same are hereby authorized, ratified, approved and confirmed by this Board.

That a copy of said notice, being one of the triplicates thereof be set forth in
the minutes of this meeting, as follows;

Las Vegas, Nevada, March 28, 1930.

To-R.E. Hazard Contracting Company
#2548 Kettner Boulevard,

San Diego, Calif.

Gentlemen;

In accordance with the provisions of your contract of date December 6, 1929, made
with the City of Las Vegas, covering the grading for and construction of hydraulic cement
concrete curbs gutters and rough grading for street improvement work, you are hereby notified
to begin such work seven (7) days after receiving this notice, and carry on the same regul-
arly and uninterruptedly thereafter (unless the Board of Commissioners of said City of Las
Vegas shall otherwise, in writing, specially direct) with such force as to secure the com-
pletion of the work contemplated in said contract within ninety days from the date of the
receipt of this notice. Under the said original contract it was stipulated that said work
should be completed by March 31st 1930. The extension of time for the completion of said
contract, as herein specified, is made by authority of the Board of Commissioners of said City
of Las Vegas.

Please have your representative herein in Las Vegas as soon as possible in order that
we may be given instructions with regard to the streets upon which work is to be commenced