Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $.240 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the year, 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such
property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Bond Interest Fund.

Resolved; THAT AN AD VALOREM TAX OF $.295 on each one hundred dollars worth of tax-
able property situate, lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied,
collected and paid for the the year, 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except
such property as is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Bond Redemption Fund.

Resolved, that an ad valorem tax of $010 on each one hundred dollars worth of taxable
property situate lying and being within the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, be levied, collected,
and paid for the year, 1933, including the net proceeds of the mines, except such property as
is exempt by law, said tax to be known as and used as the Publicity Fund.

Vote on the above Resolutions was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and German, and
His Honor the Mayor, E.W. Cragin voting aye. Nones none.

The Clerk was directed to deliver a copy of said Budget to the Board of County
Commissioners, of Clark County, to have same published once a week for two consecutive weeks
in a newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, and to send a copy to
the Nevada State Board of Finance, in Carson City, Nevada.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 10th day of March, 1933, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 10th, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 10th day of March, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Clerk and acting City Attorney Marshall.

Absent City Attorney Henderson.

At this time the Board took up the matter of providing for the General City Elect-
ion to be held on the 2nd day of May, 1933, for the purpose of electing two City Commissioners
and a City Clerk for the City of Las Vegas. Thereupon motion of Commissioner German, seconded
By Commissioner Thomas the following Preamble and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas, under the provisions of Section 3 Chapter 11 of the Charter of the City
of Las Vegas, Nevada, as amended by the Legislature of the State of Nevada, in the year 1929,
a General City Election must be held on the first Tuesday after the first Monday in May, 1933,
and it appearing therefrom that such election should be called and prepared for, Now Therefore

BE IT RESOLVED, that a General City Election be and the same is hereby ordered to
be held in said City of Las Vegas, on the 2nd day of May, 1933, for the purpose of electing
two Commissioners, namely: a Commissioner of Class 2, and a Commissioner of Class 4, and a
City Clerk, at the places hereinafter set forth.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that for the purpose of complying with the provisions of
said section 3, Chapter 11 of said Charter of said City of Las Vegas, as amended in 1923, said
City of Las Vegas be and it is hereby divided into ten election precincts, as follows:

PRECINCT No. 1, which is bounded on the north by the northern limit of the City
of Las Vegas; on the east by the center line of Fifth Street from the said northern limit of
said city, south to the center line of Stewart Street, thence west along the center line of
Stewat Street to the Center line of Third Street, thence south along the center line of Third
Street to the Center lien of Fremont Street, and on the south by the center line of Third
Street to the right-of-way of the Union Pacific Railroad from the center of Fremont Street
to the northern city limit.

PRECINCT NO. 2, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the point where Clark
Avenue in the Original Townsite of Las Vegas intersects the eastern line of the Union Pacific
right-of-way to a continuation of the center line of Fremont Street ; thence east along the
center line of Fremont Street to the center lien of Third Street; thence south along the center
line of Third Street to the center line of Bridger Street; thence west along the center line
of Bridger Street to the eastern boundary of the Union Pacific right-of-way; thence south along
said boundary of said right-of-way to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence west along the
center line of Charleston Boulevard to the Southeast corner of the SW¼ of Section 33, Township
20 S. Range 61 E. M.D.B. and M.; thence north along the center line of said Section 33, Town-
ship 20 S., Range 61 E., M.D.B. & M. to the NE corner of the SE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 33,
Township 20 S. Range 61 E.; thence to the western limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence north
along the western limit of said city to the NW corner of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 30
Township 20 S.; Range 61 E.: thence west along the line from the said corner to the center
line of Clark Avenue; thence along the center line of Clark Avenue to the point of the begin-
ning.