No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 8th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 8th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 8th day of April 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas, City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin, and Commissioner German.

Owing to the absence of both the Mayor and Mayor pro tem Commissioner Mundy presided
as chairman at said meeting of the Board of Commissioners.

At this time the matter of reimbursing the W.S. & L. Fund for the amounts expended in
the carring on of the Sewer Bond election and miscellaneous expenditures in connection with the
starting of s id work was brought before the Board. $50,000.00 having been received from the
rale of said bonds to cover such expenses on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner
 Thomas it was moved that the sum of $3,125.00 to transferred from the Sewer Bond Fund
to the Water Sewer and Light Fund to reimburse that fund for the amounts previously expended.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and W.B. Mundy
acting mayor voting Aye. noes none.

The matter of clearing the site for the new disposal plant was next brought before
the Board. On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the Fuller Construction Company be directed to clear said site of a cost not to exceed
$300.00. To be based on cost plus 15%.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and W.B Mundy
acting Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the license granted Jack Butler on the 4th day of April be denied on the grounds that the license
had not been issued, and that said Jack Butler wished to change the location of his business.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and W.B. Mundy
acting Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
a gaming license be granted Jack Butler for 116 South First Street. Said application being
in proper form and the money to cover same accompanying said application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and W.B. Mundy
acting Mayor voting Aye. Bones none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
a number of slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money to
cover seme being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and acting Mayor W.B. Mundy
voting Aye. Nones none.

At this time the moving of the pile of armor coated stock from 15th Street was
brought before the Board. This material being in the way of the excavation for the sewer
main on 15th Street

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
the the Fuller Construction Company remove the pile of armor coat stock. Cost of the
job to be at the rate of $36.00 per day complete and said job to take from three to four
days.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and W.B.

Mundy acting Mayor voting -aye. Nones None.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 13th day of April at the hour of three o'clock p.m.