That the City Clerk be instructed to write the City Planning Commission and ask that they
have their report ready for the consideration of the Board at that time, and also state
that this matter was considered at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 15th day of August 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Said Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, and seconded by Commissioner
Hansell. Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The plans, specifications, and estimates of cost on file in the office of the
Clerk were turned over to City Engineer Thompson for his inspection.

Mr. Miller ask that the Board grant him permission to install a sign in front
of the Bank of Southern Nevada, on a line with the ornamental light standards, said sign
to be placed on top of a post similar to the lamp standards. The matter of granting this
permission was turned over to City Attorney Stevens for his investigation.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 31st day of October, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 31st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 31st day of October 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith

Minutes of Meeting of October 23rd, read and approved as read.

The City Attorney and Clerk were directed to look over the minutes of the meet-
ings of the Board of Commissioners, and report back to the Board the member s on the var-
ious Boards that work under the Board of Commissioners, and their terms of office.

Attorney Tayor of the firm of Ham and Taylor appeared before the Board at this
time and protested against the widening of Fremont Street from Main to Second Street. Mr.
Taylor was representing a number of property owners in said district.

The Board at this time took no definite action in regards to the widening of
Fremont Street from Main to Second Street.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting Re-
cessed until Tuesday the 4th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 6th, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 6th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant Register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of October as follows:

$1,597.00 Municipal Court Fines.

4,821.30	Licenses, fees, and sale of Cemetery Lots.

6,418.30	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$3,000.00 Police and Fire Fund.

3,258.00 General Fund.

80.30	Water Sewer and Light Fund.

_____80.00 Cemetery Fund.

$6,418.30

The sum of One Thousand Dollars was transferred from the General Fund to the Water,
Sewer and Light Fund.