Money received for the month of May as follows:

$16,000.00 Sale of Sewer Bonds to First State Bank.

362.67 Interest on Sewer Bonds

167.50	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

827.85 Sale of Gas to C.W.A. from Street Dept.

991.50	Municipal Court Fines
2,047.52 Licenses and Fees.

$20,396.97 Total.

Money proportioned as follows:

$16,000.00 Sewer Bond Fund.

362.67 Sewer Bond Inst Fund.

167.50	Sale of Cemetery Lots To Cemetery Fund.

827.85 Street Fund
2,000.00 P and F Fund.

1,038.95 General Fund.

20,396.97 Total Proportioned.

J.K. Houssels and Will Beckley appeared before the Board at this tire in regard to the City of
Las Vegas placing uniformed Police officers on Fremont Street especially on Fremont From Main to
Second Street during the rush hours of the day and evening. This matter was taken under advise-

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried that
L.L. Arnett be granted six slot machine licenses. Applications being in proper form and money
to cover the came being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried that the
following be granted 5½% beverage licenses for the second quarter year:

Mrs. Basset Lewis
James M. Sills
Clifford King
Sophia Noon
Jack Reynolds

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

A.H. Albritton appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the betterment of conditions
of the colored race. He was assured by the Board of Commissioners that they would cooperate with
him in every way possible.

The Chief of Police was directed to enforce the "Curfew" ordinance, as a number of complaints
had been presented to the Board in regard to children running the streets after night.

An Ordinance to amend Section 5 of Ordinance No. 76 of the City of Las Vegas entitled "An Ordinance 

for the prevention and punishment of offences against the health, safety, and convenience
of the inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas, and repealing ordinance No. 7, entitled 'An Ordinance
for the prevention of nuisances' ", was read for a second time and passed by the following vote;
Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance to amend and ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intoxicating
and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions said intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise distributed
providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance; and repealing all ordinances or parts of
ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a second time and upon motion of Commissioner
Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved that said ordinance be adopted. Vote on said
motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner Down voting no.

The City Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age a weekly news-
paper for a period of two consecutive weeks, that is to say two issues of said paper.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until Friday
June 15th, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.