That for the year 1935, said City of Las Vegas received for its use and governmental
purposes the sum of $1.50 per hundred dollars of valuation as tax money; that the said sum
of $1.50 is the limit said City may obtain; that the tax rate for the year 1935 in said City
of Las Vegas, including State and County, was the sum of $4.64 per hundred dollars of val-
uation; that the Legislature of the State of Nevada recently passed a bill increasing the
state taxes nine cents;

That it is apparent that the Board of County Commissioners, whose duty it is to made
apportionments, are of the opinion and firmly convinced that due to the order of Congress
and the President, that the burdens to Clark County will increase for relief in the sum of
approximately Four Thousand Dollars per month, thereby increasing the burden of the County of
Clark, State of Nevada, from the present expenditure for indigent relief from $36,000.00
per annum to approximately $84, 000.00 per annum;

That said	City	of	Las Vegas,	by and through its Board of Commissioners, has been noti-
fied	and informed that	it is very	doubtful whether or not the City would be allowed more than

$1.30 in its next budget for governmental purposes;

That due to the completion of Boulder Dan, it is estimated that approximately one
thousand persons, having gained sufficient residence in the County of Clark, will be added to
the relief rolls of both the City of Las Vegas and the County of Clark;

That due to the completion of Boulder Dam, the taxable property of the City of Las Vegas
has decreased approximately $60,000.00;

That said	City	is	financially unable to carry on any relief projects whatsoever where

a prerequisite	will	be	a purchase	of materials; that unless aid by way of donation is granted

to said City of Las Vegas, it will be wholly physically impossible to care for its unfort-
unate residents who are without work;

That at the present time here are eligible in the City of Las Vegas and County of Clark
four hundred sixty-five worable idle persons; that to date said City of Las Vegas and County
of Clark have done all in their power to raise money to carry on the work projects, and that
all projects in the City of Las Vegas heretofore commenced will be finished within the course
of thirty days.

WHEREFORE, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas resolve as follows:

BE IT RESOLVED, that this Resolution be forwarded, one to each of the Congressional
representatives, that is to say: the Honorable Key Pittman, the Honorable James G.
Scrugham, and the Honorable Patrick McCarran ; and that said Representatives in Congress
are requested to do all in their power to provide relief for the City of Las Vegas,
County of Clark, State of Nevada, so that the unfortunate unemployed may be cared for
without creating any extra burden to the said City of Las Vegas.

The vote oh the above and foregoing resolution was as follows: Commissioners W.C.German,
H.P. Marble, James H. Down and Leonard Arnett, and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin; Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 4th, 1935.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada
held on the 4th day of March, 1935, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, and Down,

City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Arnett, and Marble.

All bills allowed as per Claims and Warrant register on file in the office of the City
Clerk.

Owing to the absence of Finance Commissioner Arnett, Commissioner German was appointed
to act as Finance Commissioner by the Mayor, and Commissioner Down was appointed to act as
Street Commissioner owing to the absence of Street Commissioner Marble.

Reports of Municipal Judge and City Clerk approved by the Mayor.