OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK

Las Vegas, Nevada May 17, 1929.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, held at the Board Room of said Board in the
County Courthouse in the City of Las Vegas on this 17th day of May, 1929 at the hour of
7:30 o'clock P. M.

Present: Mayor Pro. Tem. W. B. Mundy, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. C. German,
the City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent: Mayor J. F. Hesse and Commissioner Roy Neagle.

The City Clerk presented to the Board the printed forms of bonds authorized by the
terms of Ordinance No. 134 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance Authorizing
the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada to borrow
Forty Three Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy eight dollars and eighty-eight cents to cover
certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements
in the City of Las Vegas, by constructing oil bound gravel pavements and hydraulic cement
concrete curbs on certain streets and portions of streets in said City, to-wit:- On First
Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Fifth Street, Ogden Street, Carson
Street, Bridger Street and Fremont Street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of
Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be known as 'Las Vegas Special 1929 Pavement and Curb
Street Improvement Bonds', and providing for the collection of said unpaid assessments by
dividing the same into ten (10) annual installments and placing said installments on the
tax roll of Clark County and collecting same in the same manner as state and county taxes
are collected by law". The Clerk stated that the transcript of the proceedings relative

to said bond issue had been prepared and that the bonds were ready for the approval of the

Board and for the official signatures of the officers provided by law for the signing of
the same.

Thereupon, upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner German, the
following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted upon the affirmative vote of
Commissioners German and Smith and Mayor Pro. Tem. Mundy, - Noes none, to-wit:

Whereas, under and by virtue of the terms of Ordinance No. 134 of the City of Las Vegas

there has been prepared and are now ready for official signature and issuance fifty bonds
to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1929 Pavement and Curb Street Improvement Bonds," as
follows: Forty Bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1000) each, and Ten (10)
bonds of the denomination of Three Hundred Seventy-seven Dollars and Eighty-eight cents;
four of said bonds of the denomination of One Thousand Dollars. ($1000) each and one (1)
bond of the denomination of Three Hundred Seventy- seven dollars and eighty-eight cents
($377.88) each, payable at annual periods of from one to ten years from January 1, 1929,
each bearing interest at the rate of not to exceed seven per cent per annum, to-wit:

Six and one-half per cent (6½%) per annum; said interest to be payable annually on the
first day of January of each, year, and

Whereas, The said bonds are numbered from One (1) to fifty (50) consecutively, and
bear interest at the rate of six and one-half per cent (6½%) per annum, payable annually
on the first day of January of each year at the office of the City Treasurer of the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada and are dated January 1, 1929, and are made due and payable
according to their consecutive numbers, as follows:

Bonds Nos. 1 to 4 inclusive for $1000 each, an the first day of January, 1930. Bond
No. 5 for $377.88, on the first day of January, 1930. Bonds Nos. 6 to 9 inclusive for
$1000 each, on the first day of January, 1931. Bond No. 10 for $377.88, on the first day