OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
Clark County, Nevada.

March 23rd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 23rd day of March 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy and German, His Honor the
Mayor, and the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.



Thomas Harland appeared before the Board at this time and protested against the license fee
of public stenographers.

No action taken on reducing the fee at this time.

A number of citizens appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the "Milk
Ordinance," that had been given a first reading at a previous meeting.

The passing of said ordinance was laid over until some future date.

The relinquishment of the rights of F.A. Allen to the waters from the City well was
presented to the Board at this time in the following form:

I,	F.A.Allen, do hereby surrender to the City of Las Vegas, all my rights under that
certain lease of waters from the well on City land, situate about three miles westerly from
the business center of the City of Las Vegas.

Dated this 23rd day of March, 1932.

F.A.Allen.

Witness,

F.A.Stevens.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the City of Las Vegas accept the relinquishment of F.A.Allen to the water from the City well
and transfer same to J.A.Williams. Papers for the transfer of same to be of no expense to the
City. Said papers to be executed by the Mayor and City Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayorvoting Aye. Noes none.

The business of appointing a deputy building inspector was next brought before
the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioners Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
C.D.Baker be appointed Deputy Building Inspector. To hold office at the pleasure of the Board,
and compensation to be equal to the amount of the Building Permits issued by said Deputy 
Building Inspector not to exceed $250.00 per month.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Wednesday the 30th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 30th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the
30th day of March 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

At this time the Board took under consideration a number of gambling applications
on file with the Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
were granted gaming license. Applications being in regular form and money to cover same being
on file with the Clerk:

Faxon & Noon,

Mayme V. Stocker,

Joe Morgan
Apache Club
Rainbow Club,

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

W.C.German, Police Commissioners ask that the application of J.R.Boyer be laid over
a few days until an investigation had been made.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.