OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 18th day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Thomas, together
with the City Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse.

Permission was given the Board to hold the meeting in the Court Room of the County
Court House, as a large number of citizens were present to hear the proposed sewer system
explained. Mr. A.H. Koebig, Jr. of the firm of Koebig and Koebig was present with the plans
estimates, specification, and profiles of the proposed sewer system, and explained to those
present the rates of assessments that might be use, and the districts to be improved.

Mr. Whitehead, President of the Chamber of Commerce, L.J. Oakes Chairman of the Chamber
of Commerce Committee, and others addressed the meeting.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by commissioner Thomas it was moved that
Koebig and Koebig deliver a complete set of plans, specifications, and estimates to the Chief
Engineer, of the Union Pacific System in Los Angeles.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German, and Mayor
Pro Tem Smith voting aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 21st day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 21st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 21s t day of February 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Minutes of meeting of January 29th and 30th, and February 6th, 7th, 10th, 14th, and
18th read and corrected.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German, it was moved
that the plat of Fremont Addition to the City of Las Vegas, County of Clerk, State of Nevada,
be approved. Same to be approved by Mayor Pro Tem Smith and Attest by City Clerk Viola Burns,
under the seal of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners German, Thomas and Smith voting Aye.
Noes none. Mayor Hesse not voting.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Clerk, Viola Burns correct the minutes of all special meetings, and show the members
of the Board that were present, and the ones that were absent.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Clerk was instructed to write Koebig and Koebig and ask for the confirmation of the
filing with the Chief Engineer of the Union Pacific System a set of plans estimates, and
specifications, from Koebig and Koebig.

A letter from the Department of the Interior, Indian Field Service, was read to the
Board asking that the City help that Department in the keening of the site used by the In-
dians in the City of Las Vegas for homes in a sanitary condition. The letter was referred to
O.J. Smith Street Commissioner who was to take the matter up with J.P. King Street Supt; in
charge of the sanitary conditions in the City.

Mr. W. R. Bracken of the Las Vegas Land and Water Co; appeared before the Board and ask
that the Board grant a per it to the said Las Vegas Land and Water Co; consolidating all
previous permits.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that the Board rescind the motion of January 17th, 1930. in regards to a permit to the Las
Vegas Land and Water Company. Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner German, Smith
and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
t at the Board of Commissioners grant a Permit to the Las Vegas Laud and Water Co; consol-
idating all previous permits, and paragraph four be accepted as corrected.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith, it was

Resolved, that the City Treasurer be and he is hereby ordered to notify all persons
who are delinquent in the payment of the assessment for Ornamental Street Lighting Improve-
ment that such assessment must be paid within fifteen days from the date of this meeting,
this 21st day of February, 1930, or otherwise steps will be taken to enforce the lien of
such assessment upon the lots and premises still delinquent within fifteen days from the
date of this meeting.