OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 11th, 1937/

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 11th day of February, 1937 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and Perry,
City attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

On motion of Commissioner Perry seconded by Commissioner Krause the following Resolution
was introduced and passed:

WHEREAS, the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas heretofore advertised for
bids for the construction of street improvements upon the project designated "Las Vegas 1937
Improvement District No. 3" and designated also "PWA Docket No. Nevada 1021-D," the said adver-
tisement having been published in all issues of the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal newspaper
commencing on the 23rd day of January, 1937, and concluding on the 6th day of February, 3-937,
Affidavit of Publication having been filed with the Board, and

WHEREAS, in response to the said advertisement the following bids upon the said project

were made according to plans, specifications and contract documents heretofore approved by the
Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas:

BIDDERS	AMOUNTS OF BIDS

Bebek & Brkich	$68,290.00

Pacific Construction Co.	69,760.00

J.c. Compton Co.	72,330.00, and

WHEREAS, NICK BEBEK & JACK BRKICH, A Co-partners, doing business under the firm name and
style of "Bebek & Brkich", being the best responsible bidder, that is to say, having agreed
to perform the said construction work for the sum of Sixty-eight Thousand Two Hundred Ninety
Dollars ($68,290.00), excluding alternate numbered "ONE", now, therefore,

BE IT RESOLVED: That the said bid of the said Bebek & Brkich, Co-partners, be and the
same hereby is accepted for the construction work excluding alternate number "ONE"; That the
Mayor and City Clerk be and they are hereby authorized to sign for and on behalf of the City
of Las Vegas all necessary contract documents with the said Bebek & Brkich, Co-partners,
for the performance of the said construction, agreeably with contract documents, plans and
specifications heretofore approved, excluding alternate number "ONE", in the sum of SIXTY-
EIGHT THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED NINETY DOLLARS ($68,290.00).

Vote on the Resolution was Commissioners	Krause and Perry and His Honor the Mayor

voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that the Clerk forthwith forward a letter to Bebek & Brkich, co-partners, registered mail,
special delivery informing them that their company had been awarded the contract for street
improvement work in the City of Las Vegas and that work on the same must be commenced not
later than the 15th day of February, 1937.

Vote on the above motion was Commissioners Down, Krause and Perry and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

Messrs. Harrington, Allen and Cirtis appeared before the Board of Commissioners at this
time in regard to the City's anticipated blanket fire insurance policy covering all buildings
owned by the City.

These gentlemen were ask to submit forms of policies from their respective companies
so that the same might be given consideration.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Monday the 15th day of February, at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 15th, 1937.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 15th day of February, 1937 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M.

Present were Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Krause, Marble and Perry, City Attorney and City
Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Down.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk forward a letter in the following form to the Colorado River Commission:

February 15, 1937

The Colorado River Commission
Carson City, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

Heretofore and on the 5th day of October, 1935, the City of Las Vegas made application
to your honorable body for an allotment of power for the City's use.