Mr. Bell and Mr. Fellows appeared before the Board in regard to chicken yards in their
residential district as being unsightly, and unsanitary and creating bad odors and ask that
steps be taken to have same removed or cleaned up.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write Dr. Mildren City Health officer and ask that he investigate the reports of the
Oppedyk Dairy and the poultry yards and report his findings to the Board of Commissioners.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down, voting aye.

Noes, none.

Mr. Underhill and Mr. Edwards appeared before the Board with the report of the sale of soda
water at the ball games held through the summer months, and presented the Board with a check of
$32.50 as the City's share in the sale of said soda water.

ON motion of Commissioner Marble seconded By Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried
that the report and the check be accepted.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, and Marble and Mayor Pro Tem Down, voting aye. Commissioner
Ward voting no.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried thar
Paul Warner be granted a retail tavern liquor license for 124 1st St. for the fourth quarter
year.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes,

none

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and car-
ried that a retail sealed package liquor license be granted to Jake Ensley at 220 No. 1st St.
for the fourth quarter year.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following gaming
licenses for the fourth quarter year were granted. All applications being in proper form and money
on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Boulder Club Inc. 118 Fremont St.

Las Vegas Club 23 Fremont St.

	Apache Casino	126 Fremont St.

Sal Sagev Tavern Inc. 1 Fremont St. 4 slot Machine licenses.

Vote was Commissioner Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting aye. Noes,

none.

Two bids received for fire hose were filed with the Clerk for recommendation and report
of Fire Chief Case.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 5th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of October, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, and Marble, Deputy
City Attorney Ham and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Farnsworth and Ward and City Attorney Taylor.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Venis Lancaster appeared before the Board in regard to securing a "tavern liquor license"
for the Bank Tavern at 109 No. 1st St. The application being on file with the the Clerk and the
sum of $250.00 accompanying said application.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commis-
sioner Down it was moved and carried that the license be granted.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Commissioners Farnsworth and Ward arriving before the vote was called.

A letter from David Mackey, Chief of the Las Vegas Police Dept. asking that the retail
beverage license heretofore granted to Leonora Aguirre for 126 So. 1st Street be revoked on the
grounds that the operation of said business was creating a nuisance was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that said license be revoked as same had been requested by the Chief of Police.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Tuesday the 6th day of October at the hour of two o'clock P.M.