C.	P. Squire, Carl Ray, Las Vegas Funeral Home, M. I. Newkirk, C. L. Horsey, C. M. Mc Govern,
J. M. Ullom, Henrietta Brockman, Isabella McCrystal, Alice Passno, E. R. Bailey, Mrs. F. R. Hud-

son, Joe L. McQuade, Mrs. Mary Russell, Herbert Krause, A. S. Gaines, W. E. Ferron, W. R. Bracken,
Leo Mc Namee, Mary A. Hodgens, Carolina Shaw, E. W. Nungesser, Catherine Mayberry, Wm. E. Orr,
Mrs. M. Cohen, Mrs. A. M. Dillon, M. M. Riley, Dr. L. B. Sandall, Minnie Spangler, Charity

F.	Cofee, A. H. and Grave McDonald, A. and Alta Ram, W. E. Hawkins, Peter Pauff, T. A, Wells,
Carolina Shaw, Colorado Rover Expl. Co; Ltd; Kate Martin, P. J. Sullivan, Ed. Clark, Cyril

S. Wengert, C. L. Ronnow, G. R. Van Eaton, Harry Hahn, Margaret Cottmire, and to all persons
interested take notice:

That the roll of the Special Assessment heretofore made, by the Ex-officio Assess or of the
City of Las Vegas, for the purpose of defraying that part of the costs which the Board of City
Commissioners decided should be paid and borne by special assessment for the constructing, erecting 

and installing of an ornamental street lighting system complete, including conduits, cables,
standards, lighting units and all appurtenances upon the following street and portions of streets
in the City of Las Vegas:

IN CLARK'S LAS VEGAS TOWNSITE.

The easterly side of Main Street from the northerly side of Bridger street to the south-
erly side of Stewart Street.

Fremont Street from the easterly side of Main Street to the westerly side of Fifth Street.

The westerly side of Fifth Street from the Northerly side of Bridger Street to the south-
erly side of Stewart Street.

IN HAWKIN'S ADDITION.

The Easterly side of Fifth Street from the northerly side of Bridger Street to the south-
erly side of Stewart Street,

is now. on file in my office for public inspection:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the Board of City Commissioners and Ex-Officio Assessor
of the City of Las Vegas, will meet in the Commissioners Room of the said Board of City Com-
missioners in the County Court House in said City of Las Vegas, on the 16th day of December A.D.
1929 at three o'clock P.M., on said day to review said assessment, at which time, and place
opportunity will be given all persons interested to be heard and protest; provided however, any
person objecting to the assessment may file his objections thereto in worting with the City Clerk,
at any time, before the time set for said hearing,

Dated this sec nd day of December A. D. 1929.

Viola Burns.

Seal.	City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.

Same to be published in the Las Vegas Evening Review and Journal a daily newspaper published in
the City of Las Vegas for a period of two weeks setting the time of hearing protests and object-
ion for Monday the 16th day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote was as follows Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting
Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Monday the 2nd day of December 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 2nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 2nd day of December 1929 at the hour of Three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, and Smith together with the City
Attorney and Clerk.

Commissioner German absent.

Minutes of meeting of November 26th 1929 read and approved as read.

On Motion of Commissioner R. W. Thomas, seconded by Commissioner O.J. Smith the following
Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

RESOLUTION.

Where as there were cast in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada,
for the Representative in Congress at the last preceding general election, held on the 6th day of
November 1928, Fifteen Hundred Ninety (1590) votes, and

Whereas, a petition was, on the 26th day of November, 1929 presented to and filed with the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, containing the following prayer, to-wit:

"TO THE HONORABLE BOARD OF CITY COMMISSIONERS OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS, IN THE COUNTY OF
CLARK, STATE OF NEVADA:

We, the undersigned, electors of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, do hereby
petition your honorable body to reconvey, upon such terms as you may prescribe, all the right,
title, and interest, of the said city of Las Vegas in and to the hereinafter more particularly
described parcel of land out of what is known as the City Park, heretofore donated and dedicated
for use as a Public Park, to Las Vegas Land and Water Company, the corporation from whom such City
Park was acquired. We respectively believe that such reconveyance will be advantageous to such
City and its citizens. The particular purpose for such re-conveyance is so that said Las Vegas
Land and Water Company may donate the portion of said City Park, so re-conveyed to it, to the Unit-
ed States of America as a site for the erection and maintenance thereon of a Federal Building or
Buildings.

The portion of the land so donated and dedicated, which we petition to be re-conveyed,
is situate in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, State of Nevada, and is described as follows;