OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK CO:
NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 22nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, Nevada, held on the 22nd day of November 1929 at the hour of two forty-five o'clock.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, Smith and German together with
the City Attorney, and Deputy Attorney, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of November 18th read and approved as read.

This being the time set for the opening of bids if any for the proposed paving of certain
streets and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas, and four (4) bidders biding on the
purposed work, the same was opened by the City Attorney F. A. Stevens.

The four (4) companies submitting bids were as follows:

General Construction Co; of Los Angeles, and Las Vegas,

Hall Johnson Co; of Alhambra, Cal.

	California Construction Corp. Of Los Angeles, Cal.

A. E. Hazard and Co; of San Diego, California.

The bids of Hall-Johnson Co. and California Construction Co; were accompanied by Bidders
Bonds. The "Instructions to Bidders" plainly stating that all bids must be accompanied with a
"certified or cashier's check". There being an objection to the bids of the two companies be-
ing considered they were disregarded, leaving only two companies that the City would consid-
er their bids, and theses companies being the General Construction Co; and A. E. Hazard and
Co. The Board took these two bids under advisement until some future date.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 26th day of November at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS'.

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 26TH, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Veg-
as, Clark County Nevada, held on the 26th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock
P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith, together
with the City Attorney, Deputy City Attorney, Supt. of Streets J. P. King, and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of November 22nd 1929 read and approved as read.

Mr. A. E. Cahln of the Public School Board Appeared before the Board of Commissioners
and ask that the sum of One Hundred Dollars be donated from the Publicity Fund to help de-
fray the expense of the Fallon-Las Vegas Foot Ball Game.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the Board donate the sum of Fifty Dollars to the School Board. Same to be drawn from the
Publicity Fund.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Three petitions circulated by Leon, Rockwell, Earl Rockwell, and O. A. Kimbal, contain-
ing the signatures of about eight hundred voters, petiting the Board of Commissioners to
deed the "Fair Ground" tract of land back to the Las Vegas Land and Water Company so that
the Las Vegas Land and Water Company in turn might deed same to the government that the
said tract of land might be used for the proposed Federal Building.

There upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that
the said three petitions be referred to the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, to be checked to see if the
said three petitions contained 51% of the registered voters in the City of Las Vegas at the
time of the election of the last representative for Congress.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The following petition signed by the residents of the Westside was presented to the
Board:

We the undersigned citizens of las Vegas; Residents and property owners of the West-
side of Las Vegas, do respectfully Petition the Honorable Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, Clark County, to eliminate the Dangerous Corner at the intersection of
Clark Ave; and First Street on the Westside.

Said Petition was referred to the Commissioners of Streets O. J. Smith.

A letter from the Union Pacific RailRoad was read to the Board, asking that the City
have the description of the property assessed as Union Pacific property but described in-
correctly in the notices of intention of improvement by paving and curbs and gutters be changed
so as to correctly describe the property of the Union Pacific to be assessed under the pro-
posed improvements.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith and seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that the City Attorney be authorized to take the matter up with the proper officials
of the Union Pacific System.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Smith, German, Hansell, and Thomas and His Honor the