There was also called to the attention of the Board the fact that an attachment had
heretofore been served on the City Clerk, and City Treasurer, in a suit by Fannie Ryan versus
the Fuller Construction Company, pending in the district court of the Eighth Judicial District
 of the State of Nevada, in and for the County of Clark, wherein $2,700.00 in damages
was claimed against the said Fuller Construction Company, and it was represented to the Board
by A.W. Ham, attorney for said Fuller Construction Company, that a cashier's check for $3000.
had heretofore been deposited with the Sheriff of Clark County, and made in favor of the
Fuller Construction Company, drawn by First State Bank of Las Vegas, Nevada, Inc; as indemnity
against any liability of the City under such attachment, but Mr. Ham did not know whether an
indorsement of suck Cashier's check had been made by said Fuller Construction Company.

Webster L. Benham, consulting engineer, and Mr. P.M. Green resident engineer under said
Consulting Engineer represented to the Board that the contract of said Fuller Construction
Company had been fully performed and that all bills for labor, materials, machine hire had to
the best of their knowledge been paid and discharged, and that the similar debts of subcon-
tractors had been paid and that the cleaning and leveling of streets and alleys had been made
by said contractor.

There upon on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy the
following Resolution was adopted:

Resolved, that the main sanitary sewer system and disposal plant, constructed by
Fuller Construction Company, be and the same is hereby accepted, and that a warrant be drawn
in favor of said Fuller Construction Company for the amount mentioned in the final estimate,
$18,569.16, less the amounts directed to be paid direct to any other creditor including the
$14,423.02 directed to be paid Pacific Clay Products, but that such payment be made subject
first to the investigation as to whether the City was protected in the matter of the attach-
ment in suit of Fannie Ryan versus the Fuller Construction Company above mentioned.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye.

The matter of the final payment due the Consulting Engineer, Webster L. Benham, on
contract as engineer of the sewer system and disposal plant just completed was next brought
before the Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the final payment to Webster L. Benham in the sum of $l2,45.75 be approved and the Clerk
directed to draw a warrant for the said amount.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

Mr. Benham then presented to the Board a claim for $600.00 to pay for costs of
permanent records of the plans of the sewer mains just installed. After some discussion on the
matter on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that the
City pay Mr. Benham the sum of $600.00 for the permanent records for the City, and that Mr.
Benham agree in writing to furnish permanent records of the laterals under consideration if
same are constructed under his supervision, with out additional cost to the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Commissioners Mundy and German voting no.

The above mentioned permanent records being on file With the City Clerk at all times.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Thursday the 22nd day of September, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 22nd, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 22nd day of September 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and Thomas,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and German.

Harold Goumond appeared before the Board of Commissioners asking the Board for its per-
mission to erect a grandstand on the Court House Lawns.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Board of Commissioners approve the erection of a band stand by the Las Vegas City Band on
the Court House Lawn subjest to the approval of the Board of County Commissioners. Site to
be selected by a member from each Board.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Thomas and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mr. Goumond also appealed to the Board for financial aid for the Las Vegas City Bank,
to help cover costs of uniforms, music and material for band stand.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Com-
missioner Thomas it was moved that the City donate the sum of $50.00 from the Publicity Fund
toward the purchase of material for the band stand if the erection of a band stand in the
Court House yard meets with the approval of the Board of County Commissioners.

Vote on aid motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Mundy and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time a number of restaurant owners in the City appeared before the Board
and ask that an ordinance governing sanitation in restaurants, cafes, lunch counter etc.
be read for a second time and passed. This ordinance having had a first reading some time
ago. After some discussion on the matter it was decided to wire the City of Reno and ask
for a copy of their ordinance covering sanitation in food emporiums.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-