OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,
Clark County, Nevada. January 2nd, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 2nd day of January, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith and German, His Honor the Mayor, together
with the City Attorney and Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the following gaming licenses be granted. Said application being approved by Police and Fire
Commissioner Thomas, and money covering same being in the hands of the Clerk.

Leo Kind, two tables One Hundred Fifty Dollars,

Boulder Club Three tables Two Hundred Fifty Dollars,

Las Vegas Club two tables One Hundred Fifty Dollars,

Northern Club two tables One Hundred Fifty Dollars,

A. T. Mc Carter three tables Two Hundred Fifty Dollars.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell, and Smith
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Monies received as follows:

$1524.75 Licenses, permits, and $500 Surety Bond.

$1539.00 Municipal Court Fines.

3063.75

Monies proportioned as follows:

$	70.00 Cemetery Fund.

59.50	W. S. & L. Fund.

1,500.00 Police and Fire Fund.

1,434.25 General Fund.

3,063.75

Mr. C.C. Boyer, from the State Highway Dept. appeared before the Board at this time
and explained to the members that the City could secure Federal Aid on Fremont Street from
Fifth Street East to the present City Limits if they chose to do so as the Highway Dept,
had secured Federal Aid on the road from the City Limits east about ten miles.

No decision was reached at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 5th day of January 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 5th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 5th day of January 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

A report from the Citizens' committee that had been appointed sometime ago to
look into the matter of sewer improvements was presented to the Board.

This committee recommended that the contract held between the City of Las Vegas
and the firm of Koebig and Koebig, Engineers of Los Angeles, for sewer improvements be
transferred to Webster L. Benham of Kansas City, Mo. if terms agreeable to all could be
parties concerned could be arranged.

There upon motion of Commissioner L.B. Hansell, seconded by Commissioner O.J.
Smith the following Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:

Whereas Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer, of Kansas City, Missouri, has
applied to this Board to obtain its consent to the taking over by him from Koebig and Koebig
the contract of date September 27th, 1929, with the City of Las Vegas for engineering work
in connection with proposed sewer system and sewer disposal works, and

Whereas, by letter to this Board of date December 29th, 1930 said Koebig and
Koebig have requested this Board to transfer said contract to said Webster L. Benham,

Now Therefor Be It Resolved, that it is the sense of this Board that it agree
to such transfer, provided satisfactory arrangement as to the terms of such transfer can
be made between this Board and said Koebig and Koebig, and Webster Benham, and that for
such purpose an outline of such terms be prepared and submitted to said Koebig and Koebig
and said Webster L. Benham.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, Hansell
and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.