of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Wednesday the 6th day of November 1929
at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider, and act upon the following matters, viz;

1.	To hear and act upon any suggestions or objections that may be made to proposed
improvements as follows:

1.	Asphaltic Concrete pavement, Durite Process, in the City of Las Vegas
under notice posted, and published under order made October 19th 1929
by this Board.

2. Hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter and rough grading for street

improvements in the City of Las Vegas under notice posted, and published
under order made October 19th 1929 by this Board.

You will give notice inaccordance herewith.

Dated at Las Vegas, Nevada this 6th day of November 1929.

J. F. Hesse

Mayor.

NOTICE OF. SPECIAL MEETING.

To— J. F. Hesse, Mayor, and Commissioners O.J. Smith. W. C. German, R. W. Thomas, and
L. B. Hansell;

Pursuant to a call this day issued by Mayor J. F. Hesse, a special meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will be held in the Board Room of said
Board in the County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nev-
ada, on Wednesday the 6th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consid-
er and act upon the following matters, viz:	

To hear and act on any suggestion or objections that may be made to proposed im-
provements as follows:	

1. Asphaltic concrete pavements, Durite Process, in the City of Las Vegas under
notice posted, and published under order made October 19th 1929 by this Board.

2.	Hydraulic cement concrete curb and gutter, and rough grading for street im-
provements in the City of Las Vegas, under notice posted, and published un-
der order made October 19th, 1929 by this Board.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE.

We the undersigned hereby acknowledge due service of the above and fore going
notice.

 	J. F. Hesse.	L. B. Hansell

Mayor	Commissioner

O.	J. Smith	W. C. German

Commissioner	Commissioner

R. W. Thomas.

Commissioner.

The affidavit of publication of "Notice of Proposed Improvement of Asphaltic
concrete Pavement, Durite Process, in the City of Gas Vegas, and the affidavit of pub-
lication of " Notice of Proposed Improvement of Hydraulic Cement Concrete Gutter Curb and
Rough Grading " was presented to the Board also the proof of posting of said notices
for said improvements. 

No protests with or written or verbal were made to the Board at this time.

Said affidavits, and proof of posting were ordered placed on file in the office
of the City Clerk.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS, NEVADA
NOVEMBER 7TH, 1929.

At a regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada held on the 7th day of November 1929 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith, together

with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Minutes of meeting of October 14th, 18th, 19th 31st and November 6th read and approved
as read.

Reports of Municipal Judge, Chief of Police, Building Inspector, Plumbing Inspector,
Electrical Inspector and Clerk were presented to the Board, and approved.

All claim allowed as per Claims & Warrant Register on file in the Office of the
City Clerk.

Monies collected for the month of October as follows.

$5,767.65 Licenses, and fees from Elect. Bldg; and Plumbing Inspect.

1,850.50	Fines from Municipal Court.

7,618.15 Total.