OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 14th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, Nevada, held on the 14th day of May, 1929, at the hour of 7:30 o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse, Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy,
W. C. German and Roy Neagle; also City Attorney, Clerk and Engineer for the City.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Applications for operation of gaming tables of Leo Kind, C. L. Tom and Frank Martin
were read to the Board. Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, the application of
Frank Martin was granted, and the Clerk directed to issue a license to the said Frank
Martin for the operation of two (2) gaming tables in the City of Las Vegas. The
application of Leo Kind was next considered and it appearing that said application had
been approved by the Police and Fire Commissioner, the application was granted, upon
motion duly made, seconded and carried, and the Clerk directed to issue a license to
the said Leo Kind for the operation of two (2) gaming licenses in the City of Las Vegas.
The application of C. L. Tom was next considered, and was referred to the Chief of Police
for investigation.

The plat of Williams Addition was presented to the Board for approval, said plat
having been previously approved by the Planning Commission of the City of Las Vegas and
the Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada; said Williams Addition being
situate in the N½ of the SW¼ of Section 23, Township 20 South, Range 61 East, and being
owned by Thomas L. Williams and his wife, Lola Williams. Upon motion duly made, seconded
and carried said plat was approved, and the Mayor was authorized and directed to approve
said plat and the Clerk to attest the same.

The Board then proceeded to make a canvass of the vote cast at the General City
Election held on the 7th day of May, 1929, for the election of one City Commissioner of
Second Class, one City Commissioner of Fourth Class and a City Clerk, the result of
said canvass being as follows:-

FOR COMMISSIONER OF THE SECOND CLASS