Whereas, said J. R. Boyer now has in proper form before this Board a
license application for games, exclusive of slot machines, at No. 217 North First
Street in said City of Las Vegas, and has tendered the necessary license fees
therefor,

Now Therefore Be It Resolved, that the application of said J. R. Boyer
for such gaming license for said quarter beginning July 1, 1931 and ending Sept-
ember 30, 1931, be and the same is hereby approved and license be directed to be
issued to said J. R. Boyer in conformity with the provisions of said application
and the Ordinances and regulations of the City of Las Vegas, such license to be
considered as one of the seven licenses authorized to be issued for said last
mentioned quarter under Resolution heretofore at this meeting adopted.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German
and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner German the
gaming application of George Thompson was rejected. Said application not being
presented in proper form.

Vote on above application being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the
office of the Clerk.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday July 13, 1931 at the hour of 3:00 o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 13th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 13th day of July at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Hansell,
Mundy and Thomas, City Attorney Stevens and Viola Burns City Clerk.

At this time the Board considered the repairing of the City Jail, and Police and
Fire Commissioner German having looked into the matter of the cost of repair said building,
and the Desert Iron works being the most reasonable in its estimate there upon motion of
Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that the City Jail be re-
paired by the Desert Iron works at the cost of $224.00. Vote on said Motion was as follows
Commissioner German, Thomas, Hansell and Mundy and His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting
Aye. Noes none.

At this time the bids were opened on the purchasing of two cars for the Police Dept.
and one truck for the Street Dept. and on tires and tubes for all departments of the City.
A Number of bids being received they were taken under consideration to be acted upon at a
future date.

At This time a letter from the Union Pacific System was read to the Board whereby
said system endorsed Mr. Webster L. Benham as Engineer for the proposed sewer system in
the City of Las Vegas.

Mr. Frank M. Ryan appeared before the Board representing a number of property owners
on Stewart Street asking that Stewart Street be improved with curbs, gutters and grading
and graveling. His request was in reference to a petition filed with the City Clerk Feb-
ruary 18th, 1931.

Two petitions entitled:

Las Vegas, Nevada,	July 7th, 1931.

To the Hon. Mayor and Members of the City Commissioners,
of Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen:

It is proposed by some interested parties to remove the prostitutes from Block
No. 16 in Clark's Las Vegas Townsite to conduct their business on Block No. l. in the
original Townsite of Las Vegas, which Block No. 1 is situate on Clark Avenue, which is the
most southerly street in said original Townsite of Las Vegas, and lays between the U.P.
Railway main track and North Main Street, right where all residents of the original town-
site of Las Vegas have to pass on their way to the railroad depot, the business dis-
trict, and the U.S. Post Office, on Clarks Las Vegas Townsite. Right where all travellers
by railroad, and automobile tourists, have to pass on their way throughout the City of Las

Vegas. Right where all high school and grammar school children have to pass on their
way to attend their classes.