A.E. Cahlan, A.B. Witcher, Dr. W. S. Park, A.C. Delkin, Dr. Martin, E.A. Stintson, and P.A. Simons.

After a lengthy discussion the following Resolution was introduced and duly passed.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, That this Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas not grant any
gambling licenses except to those places of business that held gambling licenses in the pre-
vious quarter, and that new licenses not be considered until a zone is established for the
operation of gambling houses, and a policy is adopted by the Board governing the issuance of
new licenses.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and Smith
voting Aye. His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting no.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 8th day of April 1911 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 8th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 8th day of April 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners Thomas and German, and Mayor Pro tem Smith.

Absent Commissioner Hansell, and Mayor Hesse.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 9th day of April at the hour of three o'clock PM.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEV.
APRIL 9th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 9th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Hansell and Smith together with
the City Attorney and Clerk.

To bids for the purchasing of the $10,000.00 Highway Bonds being on file with the
City Clerk, and the members of the Board being present being sufficient to act on the
accepting of the bids same were opened.

Bid from the First State Bank of the City of Las Vegas being as follows:

Bid par plus 6% interest.

Bid of Bank of Southern Nevada, of the City of Las Vegas being as follows:

Bid par, and accrued interest, and rate of interest set at

There fore upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioners German
it was moved that the bid of the Bank of Southern Nevada be accepted, and that the City
Attorney prepare the transcript for the bonds.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said bonds prepared by the Rocky Mountain Bank
Note Company, as its price for the preparation of the bonds was the most reasonable re-
ceived.

At this time, a number of the citizens being present the Board again entered
into the granting of gaming licenses, and placing a zone. After some discussion the
following Resolution was introduced:

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following 

Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved that until the further order of this Board it be and is hereby established
as the policy of this Board that no further gambling licenses be granted except those already
granted for this quarter, and to those who held gambling licenses for the immediately
preceding quarter; provided that this Resolution shall not be construed to prevent the consid-
eration of an application for and the granting of a license to a person of the Ethiopian Race
for the conduct of a game or games in a place catering exclusively to persons of the same
race only.