An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend section three of ordinance No. 201 entitled
"An Ordinance regulating the slaughtering of animals and sanitary conditions of all places dis-
pensing food and refreshment to the public; providing for the inspection of meats and meat
products to be possessed and sold in the City of Las Vegas; prohibiting the sale and possess-
ion of uninspected meats for human food; authorizing the appointment of meat inspectors; pro-
hibiting the sale of meat and meat products by unlicensed establishments and providing a
penalty for the violation thereof approved the fourth day of October, 1933, as amended," was
read for a first time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble
and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

he Clerk was thereupon directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Age
a weekly newspaper published in Las Vegas, for once a week for two consecutive weeks.

An ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to prohibit waste of water; defining waste of water,
regulating the use thereof; and providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance and
repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for the
first time and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

The Clerk was then directed to have said ordinance published in the Las Vegas Review-
Journal for once each week for two consecutive weeks.

The improving of a golf course for the City of Las Vegas was next Brought before the
Board for consideration. The present site south of the City on the Los Angeles Highway and
twenty acres adjoining the Fish Hatchery were discussed as possible sites. after some dis-
cussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth
it was moved and carried that the City Engineer, C.D.Baker be instructed to prepare all
possible information as to the soil, location and prepare contour maps of the two sites con-
sidered and present same to the Board for consideration in the very near future.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then recessed
and adjourned until Wednesday the 13th day of May at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
MAY 13th, 1936.

Minutes of a	recessed regular	meeting of	the Board of	Commissioners of the City

of Las Vegas Held	on the 13th day of May, 1936	at the hour	of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth
Marble and Ward and City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. Haake of the Northern Club appeared before the Board in regard to the securing
of a license for the operation of a device to be known as "Big Wheel Roulette". The
matter was referred to City Attorney Taylor for investigation as this was not a device
known to the Board of City Commissioners and might be in opposition to the State and
City laws governing licensed gambling.

A number of persons interested in a "municipal golf" course for the City appeared
before the Board at this time and the two site suggest were discussed. The sites being
the improvement of	the present site	east of the	City on the	Los Angeles Highway and	the

improving of a tract of land owned	by the City	abutting on	the "Fish Hatchery".

Dr. Park, as spokesman for the Golf Club, assured the Board that the use of any of
the ground by the City for water rights would met with the satisfaction of the Club, as
they in no way would interfere with the City and it entering into a plant to supply the
inhabitants of the City with water. This ground had been originally purchased with the
idea inmind of the City at sometime owning its own water works.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by
Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried:

That the City pledge support for an improved golf course and grant for use as a
site either the present golf course, or a similar site on the City farm near the fish
hatchery, which ever site maybe agreed upon by officials of the Las Vegas Municipal
Golf Club and the local representative of the W.P.A. as the most practicable for the pur-
pose. Provided that the City reserves a tract of approximately forty acres of their
choosing. Said tract to be retained as a source of water which may be required for
future municipal purposes; said provision to extend in case of emergency to the entire
tract including hatchery grounds.

Voting aye Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward. Commissioner Down and His
Honor the Mayor passing their vote. Noes, none.

A representation of the "Soft Ball League" appeared before the Board in regard to
the securing of lights for the ball park and the use of the park and grandstand through
the summer season by the League.

After some discussion on the matter they were directed to met with Commissioners
Down and Marble and present their plans to them as these Commissioners have the super-
vision of the lights and parks respectively.