On motion of Commissioner Farnsworth seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that retail beverage licenses be granted to D.G. Lorenzi and Stanley Gawecki.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem Down voting
ave. Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk read to the Board the recommendation of The City Planning Com-
mission in regard to the erection by Dr. Park of a permanent protico over the southeast
corner of Fremont and Second Street. The Planning Commission recommended that Dr. Park be
given permission to erect this portico.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that the letter from the Planning Commission be filed for reference at such time as a formal
application may be received from Dr. Park.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and Mayor Pro Tem voting aye. Noes,

none.

A number of the members of the Horseman's Association were present at this time and
entered into a discussion as to the ways of handling the sale of ticket for the Rodeo to
be staged in Las Vegas April 24,25, and 26th under the auspices of the Horseman's Assoc-
iation.

After a lengthy discussion on the matter it was on motion of Commissioner Farnsworth,
Seconded by Commissioner Ward moved and carried that the Horseman's Association proceed with
the sale of the tickets as started and that all receipts from the Rodeo be given to the City
of Las Vegas to help defray the expense of constructing the grand stand and chutes,

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, and Ward and J.H. Down, Mayor pro tem voting aye.
Commissioner Marble voting no.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of May, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward. City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per "Claims end Warrant Register" on file in the office of the

Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following order
was issued by the Board of Commissioners:

IT IS ORDERED, that the City Attorney for with and immediately perfect an appeal in the
case entitled C.C. Ronnow, VS. the City of Las Vegas, et al. No. 6403, entitled in the Eighth
Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada, in and for Clark County; that he procure the
necessary appeal bond for the City and do all other things necessary to the end that the said
case be reviewed by the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Commissioner Ward voting no. Absent none.

Mr. Claude Mackey appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the City prepar-
ing figures so that a new W.P.A. project covering street work in the City might be commenced.

Mr. Mackey is the W.P.A. Administrator for this district.

Mr. Baker, City Engineer was instructed to prepare figures for street paving, sidewalk
and curb improvements.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that three slot machine licenses be granted to Karl Hovey and one license to Mildred's
Cafe.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the beverage license application of N.W. Neal (colored) be referred to the Chief of Police
for investigation.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and car-
ried that the letter from the Community Chevrolet Company for permission to use the streets
for advertising be referred to The Chief of Police for disposal.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.