The Clerk read to the Board a letter from Chief of Police David Mackey recommending to
the Board the revocation of the rooming house and beverage license issued to Veran Magness

for 217 No. 1st St. at the Double O. These licenses were issued for the quarter year January
1st to March 31st, 1936. The reason for the revocation being that minors had been allowed to
work around houses of ill fame which is a violation of the City Ordinance, and the Laws of
the State of Nevada.

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Farnsworth, seconded by
Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that the rooming house and beverage licenses
issued to Vera Magness be revoked.

Vote was commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye
Commissioner Ward passing his vote. Noes, none.

No further business appearing that this time the meeting recessed and adjourned until
Monday the 2nd day of March, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 2nd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on Monday the 2nd day of March at the hour of l:30 o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Barbie and Ward,
City Attorney and City Clerk.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of this date.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 2nd, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 2nd day of March, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Mrs. O.J. POtthoff of the :Las Vegas Florist appeared before the Board in regard to the
City enacting a ordinance providing for a "special florist" license.

She was adviced by the Board that they would take the matter under advisement.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that a retail beverage license be issued Roy Jay, and a wholesale license (beverage)
be issued to J.R. McMicheal.

Vote was Commissioners Marble, Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.
Commissioner Ward passing his vote. Absent Commissioner Down.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

IT IS ORDERED that C.D.Baker, City Engineer, be and he hereby is directed to make and
file with the City Clerk a report and estimate of the cost of the construction of a power
system adequate to supply the City and inhabitants of the City of Las Vegas with required
electrical energy.

He is also authorized and directed to include in his report the estimated purchase
value of the existing plant and system of the Southern Nevada Power Company.

Vote was Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes
none. Commissioner Ward passing his vote. Absent Commissioner Down.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Commissioners in interpreting the provision of Ordin-
ance No. 29 of the City of Las Vegas, which prohibits tavern keepers from permitting minors
to frequent or loiter about taverns" feels that such provision should not be directed towards
minor children when accompanied by their parents who may have business in any such establish-
ment.

Vote: Commissioners Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Commis-
sion Ward passing his vote. Noes, none, Absent Commissioner Down.

The Clerk read to the Board a petition filed with her by H.M. Morse, Attorney for Frank
Lancaster, and which Mr. Morse petitioned the Board for a re-hearing of the revocation of the
tavern license for Frank Lancaster.

0 motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that Frank Lancaster be granted a re-hearing in regard to the revocation of the
tavern license for 109 No. 1st St. That the City Clerk advise the attorney for same, H.M.
Morse, the Chief of Police David Mackey, and officer Joe May, and Reese Morgan of the action
of this Board and request that they be present at that time. Time being Thursday March 5th,
1936 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote was Commissioners Marble, and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none. Commissioner Ward passing his vote.

A.W. Blackman, auditor for the City of Las Vegas was present at this time with the form
of budget for the City for the year 1936.