OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 25th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 25th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The follow ng answered roll call: Mayor Cragin. Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Hansell, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

The Board of Commissioners at this time were informed by City Attorney Stevens that
Mr. Benham and Nr. May of the Fuller Construction Company were detained in Dallas, Texas on
business and would not be able to be present in the City of Las Vegas for some days to sign
the contract between the City of Las Vegas and The Fuller Construction Company, and that he
had been in communication with them and had informed them that the contract might be signed
by them in Dallas Texas and sent to the City for the signatures of the Mayor and the City Clerk.
The copies of the contract being received by the Clerk were opened, but not signed at this
time owing to the lack of proof of the power of attorney of Paul Doring of the Union Indemnity
Company and the certificate of the said company to transact business in the State of Nevada
for the current year. Said Union Indemnity Company being the bonding company issuing the
Contractor's Bond as required by the terms of the contract.

Plat of the Metropolitan Addition to the City of Las Vegas was presented to the
Board for its approval by Engineer A.R. Thompson. City Attorney Stevens reported the plat in
proper order same was approved by Mayor Cragin and Attest by City Clerk Viola Burns under
the seal of the City. The plat had already been approved by the City Planing Commission.

The matter of the unpaid assessments for street improvements as provided in Ordin-
ances Nos. 176 and 177 was next brought before the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy Seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the City Treasurer J.M.Ullom notify in writing the property owners having unpaid assessments
due under Ordinances Nos. 176 and 177 that same must be paid in ten days, as provided for
in said ordinances.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the slot machine license applied for be granted to the following:

D.	Stearns	2	Slot	Machines

Geo. Clark	2	"	"

Jack Weisberger	2	"	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Roes none.

At this time the application of Mayme V Stocker for a gaming license for an Eighty
Ball Keno game to be conducted at the Northern Club, No. 15 Fremont Street in the City of
Las Vegas, and filed and dated the 16th day of January, 1932, was presented to the Board for
its consideration and action.

After due consideration and acting upon the advice of the City Attorney, F.A.

Stevens, upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was

Resolved, that the application of Mayme V. Stocker for a permit and license to
operate an Eighty Ball Keno game in the Northern Club at No. 15 Fremont Street in the City
of Las Vegas, be and the same is hereby denied on the grounds: 1. That said game is not a
game of Keno as defined in the Statutes of the State of Nevada and Ordinance No. 165 of the
City of Las Vegas. 2. That said Eighty Ball Keno game constitutes a lottery as heretofore
operated at said place by said Mayme V. Stocker, and cannot be permitted or licensed by said
City, for the reason that such lottery is in violation of the Constitution and laws of the
State of Nevada. This conclusion is reached after an investigation and explanation as to
how said Eighty Ball Keno game is operated and proposed to be operated.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The application of Alfred Blackman for the audit of the books of the City of Las
Vegas and the preparing of the Budget for 1933 and the yearly report of the city of 1931
was presented to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
Mr. Blackman be given the audit of the City books for the year 1932 and the preparing of the
1933 budget and the 1931 yearly report.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until 26th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.