At this time the signing of a contract for lamps for the City of Las Vegas for the year
March 1st, 1934 to March 1st 1935 from the Westinghouse Electric Company was brought before the
Board for consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that Com-
missioner Down designate which local agency of the Westinghouse Electric Company enter into a
contract with the City of Las Vegas for the furnishing of lamps to the said City from March 1st,

1934 to March 1st 1935. Said contract to be signed by the Mayor and attest by the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett and German and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Commissioner Down not voting. Noes none.

The Nevada Electric Company was designated by Commissioner Down, Water and Light Commissioner
to furnish lamps to the City of Las Vegas for the above mentioned period.

The Mayor and Clerk at once signing said contract, and the Clerk was directed to deliver
same to the Nevada Electric Company.

The application of the Gateway Cafe for a 5½% beverage license was brought before the
Board for consideration. Application being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file
with the City Clerk.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that said license be granted to the Gateway Cafe.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Hoes none.

At this time the appointing of a person to file the unexpired term of office caused by
the resignation of W.B. Mundy, Street Commissioner of the City of Las Vegas was brought before the
Board for consideration.

Secret ballot was decided as the best method, and after a number of ballots had been
cast H.P. Marble receiving 3 votes and O.W. Yates 1 it was therefore upon motion of Commissioner
Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett moved that H.P. Marble be unanimously elected to the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to complete the term of office of one W.B. Mundy. Mr.

Marble to qualify by taking the official oath of office and filing a good and sufficient bond in
the sum of $1,000.00 with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 23rd day of February 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

FEBRUARY 23rd, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 23rd day of February, 1934 at the three o'clock P.M.

Roll Called showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German
and Down City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. H.P. Marble, the newly appointed City Commissioner was also present and took his place
on the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, having taken the official oath of office
and filing a surety company bond in the sum of $1,000.00, from a surety company qualified to
transact business in the State of Nevada for the year, 1934, and approved by the Chairman of the
Board of County Commissioners of Clark County, Nevada.

Mr. Harold Case, Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Dept. appeared before the Board at this time
in regard to gasoline storage tanks at 10th and Fremont Streets in the City of Las Vegas. The
City Attorney was directed to assist r. Case in the correction of the violation of the City
Ordinance governing storage tanks in the commercial district.

The Board at this time entered into a discussion on the securing of C.W.A. aid for the
installing of additional sewer laterals in the City of Las Vegas. After some discussion on the
matter it was decided that Mayor Cragin, & City Engineer Thompson, accompany A.C. Grant, President
of the Las Vegas, Chamber of Commerce, and W.E. Ferron, Chairman of the C.W.A. for Clark County
to Reno to attend a meeting of the State Civil Works Administration Board in Reno Monday Feb.
26th, in regard to securing the above mentioned aid.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.