The Party of the Second Part hereby agrees to purchase the above described property
and to pay the price therefor as herein provided.

Time is of the essence of this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the said Party of the First Part has affixed her signature this 18th
day of November, 1935, and the Party of the Second Part has caused this Agreement to be
executed by its Mayor thereunto duly authorized this 18th day of November, 1935.

Mabel Brentner

Party of the First Part.

ATTEST:

Viola Burns

City Clerk	The City of Las Vegas, a Municipal

Corporation, in the County of Clark,

State of Nevada.

	By L.L. Arnett

(City seal)	Its Mayor.

STATE OF CALIFORNIA ) ss
COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES)

On this 18th day of Nov. 1935, personally appeared before me, a Notary Public, in and for
said County and State, Mabel Brentner, the Widow of Luther L. Brentner, & L.L. Arnett,
known to me to be the persons described in and who executed the foregoing instrument,
who acknowledge to me that they executed the same freely and voluntarily for the uses
and purposes therein mentioned.

Myrtle G. Bayle

My Commission expires April 23, 1933	Notary Public

(Notarial seal)

and Five Hundred (500) Dollars having been paid upon the purchase price of said property:

NOW THEREFORE, pursuant to the said Agreement, the said Agreement and the initial
payment upon the purchase price of said property, being in all respects approved at this
time by the Board, and to the end that the terms of the said Agreement be perfected, it
is ordered that a check in the sum of Forty Six Hundred and Forty (4640) Dollars be drawn
payable to and delivered to the Pioneer Title Insurance and Trust Company at Las Vegas,
Nevada, with the following letter of instructions signed by the Mayor for and on behalf
of the City:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

November 19th, 1935

Pioneer Title Insurance & Trust Co;

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

We hand you herewith the check of the City of Las Vegas in the sum of Forty-six
Hundred and Forty (4640) Dollars.

You will please dispose of this sum as follows: Mrs. Mabel Brentner has agreed
to deliver to you for our account a grant, bargain and sale deed conveying to the City of
Las Vegas the following described property:

All of that part of Section Thirty-six (36) Township Twenty (20) South,

Range Sixty-one (61) East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian, described as
follows:

The East Half (E½) and the East Half (E½) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼)
and all of the Northwest quarter (NW¼) of the Southwest Quarter (SW¼)
except that part which is included in the plat of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1, as
shown by map thereof in Book 2 of Plats, Page 2, in the office of the County
Recorder of Clark County, Nevada. Also all of Blocks Five (5) and Six (6)
of Sunrise Park Tract No. l. (One) as shown by map thereof on file in Book
2 of Plats at Page 2 in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County,

Nevada.

She has also agreed to cause to be executed by your Company title insurance in
the sum of Fifty-One Hundred and Forty (5140) Dollars, showing a good and clear title in
the City of Las Vegas, in and to the said property.

Upon receipt of the said deed and title insurance in proper and due form, you
will please deliver to Mabel Brentner the sum of Forty Six Hundred and Forty (4640) Dollars,
handed you herewith.

Provided, however, it is expressly understood that in the event that Mrs. Brentner
should fail or omit to cause to be executed and delivered to you the said deed and title
insurance for the City's account on or before noontime of the 8th day of December, 1935,
then and in such event, upon demand of the City only, you will return the said Forty Six Hun-
dred and Forty (4640) Dollars to the City of Las Vegas.

By authority of the Board of City Commissioners,

L.L. Arnett
Mayor.

Attest:

Viola Burns,

City Clerk

Vote on the above Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes ,none.