the City of Las Vegas, Clark County Nevada for High School Purposes was read for a second time
and passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 5th day
of July 1929 and upon the following vote : Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor J. F Hesse voting Aye None None. and ordered published for one week
(three issues) in the Las Vegas Age. A tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.
Said Ordinance to be know as Ordinance NO. 139.

There upon and Ordinance creating the office of Deputy City Attorney prescribing the
Powers and Duties of such officer defining his qualifications, and providing compensation for
such office" was read for a first time.

There upon an "Ordinance regulating the parking of vehicles in certain portions of

the City of Las Vegas and providing a penalty for the violations thereof, and other matters
relating thereto: was read for a first time.

The following resolution was adopted:

There upon a motion by Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell the follow-
ing Preamble, and Resolution was adopted:

Where as an "Ordinance creating the office of Deputy City Attorney prescribing the
Powers and Duties of such officer, defining his qualifications and providing compensations for
such office has been introduced at this meeting, and read for a first time.

Where as on the account of the press of business in the office of the City Attorney
immediate additional assistance in that office is required in the interest of the welfare of
the people of said City, and the speedy and orderly transaction of the business of the City.

Now therefore be it resolved that an emergency is hereby declared to exist for the
immediate creation of the office of Deputy City Attorney by means of such ordinance and with
the consent of the whole Board it is hereby ordered that the said ordinance be read for a sec-
ond time and voted upon at this meeting as an emergency ordinance.

The vote on the said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, German,
Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Nones None.

There upon the Following Ordinance was read for a second time :

An Ordinance creating the office of Deputy City Attorney, prescribing the Powers,
and Duties of such officer, defining his qualifications and providing compensation for such
office.		

Passed by the Board of City Commissioners as an Emergency Ordinance after the
adoption of a Resolution by the said Board showing that a necessity existed for the immed-
iate adoption thereof, upon the following vote: Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayo voting Aye. Noes none. Read for a first, and second time this. 5th
day of July 1929. An ordered published for one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age. A
tri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

Said Ordinance to be know as ordinance No. 140.

There upon motion of Commissioner Smith, and Seconded by Commissioner Thomas
the following preambles, and Resolutions were adopted:

Whereas an Ordinance entitled "An Ordinance regulating the Parking of vehicles
in certain portions of the City Of Las Vegas, and providing a penalty for the violations
thereof, and other matters relating there to" has been introduced at this meeting, and read
for a first time, and

Whereas on account of the indiscriminate parking of automobiles in the allies
of the City, and the parking of cars for sale on the streets of the said city, and the parking
of vehicles in the business district of said City from which vehicle merchandise is being
sold a condition of congestion of traffic exists which is a menace to the safety, and lives
and property of the inhabitants of the City, and no remedy exists therefore, except an immed-
iate passage of this ordinance.

Now therefore be it resolved that an emergency exists for the passage of said
ordinance, and that with the consent of the whole Board said ordinance be read for a second
time at this meeting, and voted upon as an emergency ordinance.

The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell,

Smith, and German, and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes. None.

Therefore said Ordinance No. 141 was read for a second time at this meeting
and passed upon by the following vote: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, German, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye. Noes None.

It was directed that said ordinance be published for one week (three Issues )
in the Las Vegas Age. Atri-weekly newspaper published in the City of Las Vegas.

The Clerk was then instructed to draw a warrent for $2,000.00 to pay off the
First State Bank Emergency Loan, and interest to date.

The following Resolution was then introduced:

That the Present bond furnished Viola Burns, City Clerk, by J. M. Ullom, and

F.	C. DeVinney be released, and that J. M. Ullom, and F. C. DeVinney be released from any
future liabilities of the said Viola Burns, and that the bond of the Maryland Casualty Co.
furnished the said Viola Burns be approved by the Board.

Vote as follows; Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, Smith, and German and 

His Honor the Mayor Aye. Noes None.

Thereupon the following resolution was introduced by Commissioners Thomas,
and seconded by Commissioner German that the City pay Mayor Hesse's stenographer $50.00 per
month, half her salary, as she was giving about half her time each day to work for the
City police department, and other City work. Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell
German, and Smith, And His Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse Aye. Noes None.