OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
AUGUST 31st, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
vegas held on the 31st day of August 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas
Deputy City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner German and City Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Hansell the Deputy Clerk was
instructed to wire the Secretary of the Nevada Industrial Commission to determine if they would
accept $16,000 additional Las Vegas Sewer Bonds at the same rate of interest as previous bonds.

Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell a permit was granted

D.	G. Lorenzi to shoot fireworks from the Island of Lorenzi Lake Resort on the evening of Labor
Day, September 5th, 1932.

Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following licenses for slot machines be granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover same being on file with tie Clerk.

L. L. Arnett and John Graglia	2 Slot Machines

Vote on said motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Mundy, seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that the Resignation of Clay H. Williams, Chief of Police, presented August 4,

1932 be and is hereby accepted. Said resignation to take effect immediately.

Vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, Hansell and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 5th day of September, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 1ST 1932

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada. Sept. 1, 1932

To Viola Burns, City Clerk, Las Vegas, Nevada

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to be
held at the Board Room of said Board on Thursday the first day of September, 1932 at the hour of 1:15
P. M. of said day, to consider and act upon calling for bids upon sixteen or more of Las Vegas
Sewer Bonds, and matters in connection therewith. You will give notice accordingly.

E.	W. Cragin
Mayor