OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of March, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present: Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, and City Attorney and City Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the mayor.

Commissioner Down appointed to approve the claims of the Police and Fire Depts.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk

Dean Bingham appeared before the Board and presented for its consideration a petition
signed by a number of proprietors of grocery stores, petitioning the Board for a Sunday
closing ordinance.

After some discussion on the matter, on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Com-
missioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the City Attorney be instructed to draft
a form of ordinance and present same to the Board for consideration governing the Sunday
closing of the various food shops in the City. Mr. Bingham and other interested parties
were aSk to co-operate with Mr. Taylor in the drafting of this ordinance.

Mote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayorvot-
ing aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that the following entitled ordinance be passed as an emergency ordinance upon
second reading on this 4th day of March, 1936:

"An Ordinance to probibit the removal from without the City of Las Vegas to points within
the City of Las Vegas and to prohibit the maintenance with the City of houses and structures
constructed or reconstructed elsewhere, and to prevent the removal of houses and structures
from one place within the City of Las Vegas to another place within the City, and providing
penalties for the violations of this ordinance, and other matters relating thereto," said
ordinance to be known as "Emergency Ordinance" No. 217, and to be in full force and effect
from and after its final passage in the Las Vegas Review-Journal for a period of once a
week for two consecutive weeks.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

Thereupon the said Ordinance was read aloud in full for a first and second time
on the above mentioned date.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and
carried:

Resolved, that the City of Las Vegas purchase from J.T. McWilliams, and wife, for
the sum of $260.00 the following described property in the City of Las Vegas,

Fractional block 29 and 30 of the Original Townsite, being about fifty feet more
or less in width.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Mayor Arnett, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that Commissioners Down and Marble work on a system of appraising for the City of
Las Vegas, and name three appraisers for said City that shall receive compensation of $5.00
per day for every day they shall be retained as appraisers for the City.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and car-
ried that the City Attorney draft a form of ordinance governing the installation of signs
in the City and present same to the Board for its consideration in the near future.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Commissioner Ward pass ng his vote.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that the following be appointed on the Board of Examiners for Electricians as
provided in Ordinance 167.

S.L. Gelber and Don L. Williams to serve said Board a master electricians.

Carl Warfield and J.W. Holbrook, journeyman electricians on said Board.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, Farnsworth and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and
carried that retail beverage license be granted to Earl F. Noon. Said application being
in pr per form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved
and carried that the City Clerk be instructed to write each wholesale liquor and beverage
establishment in the City and ask that they send a representative to attend a meeting of
the Board of Commissioners to be held Wednesday the 11th day of March, 1936 at the hour of
seven o'clock P.M.

This meeting being call so that the matter of wholesale liquor and beverage
establishments being interested in retail establishments might be clarified.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.