OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 20th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of November, 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Hansell and
Mundy, City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

This being the time set for the opening of bids on the $160,000.00 Sewer Bond issue and
no bids being received upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that the City of Las Vegas advertise for sale either 128 or 160 of said bonds. Vote on said
motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none.

Notice to bond bidders being the following form:

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will re-
ceive bids until three o'clock P.M. on the 21st day of December, 1931, for the purchase of
either One Hundred Twenty-eight (128) or One Hundred Sixty (160) of Las Vegas Sewerage Bond
issue. Said bonds consist of One Hundred Sixty (160) bonds in the denomination of One Thousand
Dollars ($1000.00) each; which mature $8000.00 on the first day of July in each of the years
1953 to 1952 inclusive. Said bonds will bear interest at a rate not exceeding seven per centum
per annum, payable semi-annually, and will bear date the first day of July, 1931. The bonds
proposed to be issued on the basis of a bid for the one hundred twenty-eight (128) of said bonds
will commence with bond No. 17 and run consecutively thereafter up to bond No. 144, the first
maturity of eight bonds thereunder to be July 1, 1935, with eight bonds to mature on the first
day of July each consecutive year thereafter.

Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accompanied
by a deposit of five per cent either cash or certified check payable to the City Clerk of the
City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not accepted;
and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said bonds within
thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of his or its deposit will be
forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event said Board of Commissioners will elect
whether or not it will accept the bid of the one making the next best bid for the same amount
of bonds. If there be two or more equal bids for the same amount of bonds an such bids are the
best received, and not less than par and accrued interest, said Board of Commissioners will de-
termine which bid shall be accepted.

All bids must be sealed in opaque envelopes and marked "For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,
1931 issue," and addressed to the City Clerk of the city of Las Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada. Bids
will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 21st day of December, 1931, at the hour of
three o'clock P.M. at the regular meeting place of said Board in the Board of Commissioners
Room in the office of the City Clerk in said City of Las Vegas.	Bidders	shall submit a bid	speci-
fying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium,	if any above	par, at	which such bidder	will

purchase the specified number of bonds; or (b) the lowest rate of interest at which the bidder
will purchase the specified number of bonds at par. The bonds will be sold to the bidder making
the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all bids
and readvertise. In determining which is the best bid the Board reserves the right to determine,
in its discretion, whether it will accept the best	bid on the 128 bonds	or the best bid on	the

160 bonds. None of said bonds will be sold at less	than par and	accrued	interest, and no discount

or commission will be allowed or paid on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this 20th day of November, 1931.

Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,

Clark County, Nevada.

By_____________________

Mayor.

Attest:

City Clerk.

(City Seal)

"An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Section 3 of Ordinance No. 166 of the City
of Las Vegas, and to repeal all Ordinances and parts of Ordinances in conflict therewith," was
read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

"An Ordinance to amend, revise, and re-enact Sections Nos. 11, 111, and IV of Ordinance
No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance of the Commission of the City of Las
Vegas, establishing a residence district, industrial and commercial districts within the City
of Las Vegas; defining such districts: declaring it unlawful to erect, establish, maintain or
operate certain factories, works, or establishments within said residence districts and said
commercial districts; regulating the erection, establishment, maintenance, operation and build-
ing of certain works or establishments in said districts; providing a penalty for the violation
of said ordinance, and repealing ordinances in conflict therewith," approved April 22, 1931, as
amended by Ordinance No. 183 of the City of Las Vegas; and to repeal all ordinances and parts of
ordinances in conflict therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a final reading.

A.L. Alkire of the Las Vegas Nursery appeared before the Board and ask permission to
decorate the business streets and lighting systems on said streets for the Christmas season.
Merchants along said streets providing the decorations if permission could be secured to use the
streets and lighting systems. Permission was granted.