Mr. A.W. Ham appeared before the Board at this time representing a number of citizens of
Vegas Verde asking the Board of Commissioners to repeal the Mile Limit Ordinance. No action was
taken at this time owing to the absence of some members of the Board of Commissioners.

Mr. James Cashman and Attorney Gambill appeared before the Board and ask that the City
Board have a letter sent to the Nevada State Highway Dept. in Carson City endorsing the im-
provement on the Tonopah Highway from the City of Las Vegas to the Charleston Park Road.

The Clerk of the Board was instructed to write to the State Highway Dept.

Minutes of all previous meetings read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Sat. the 15th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 16th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 16th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until January
18th, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 19th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 19th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas and City Attorney Stevens.

The City Clerk reported to the Board of Commissioners that the first Fifty Thousand
Dollars had been received from the Nevada Industrial Commission on the one hundred twenty-
eight Sewerage Bonds purchased by said Commission.

The Clerk was then directed to wire Webster L. Benham, Sanitary Engineer, and The
Fuller Construction Company to be represented at the recessed regular meeting of the Board of
Commissioners to be held on the 25th day of January at the hour of three o'clock so that the
contract between the Fuller Construction Co. and the City of Las Vegas might be executed.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until the 25th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
JANUARY 18th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 18th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

The following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas and City Attorney Stevens.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 19th day of January 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.