On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license (5½%) be granted to Rose Distributing Company.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Marble,	and	Down and His Honor the Mayor

voting aye. Commissioner Arnett not voting. Noes none.	(Pro Tem

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the application of Ethel Raoport for a retail "Family Liquor Store" license
price $125.00 be held over until the next meeting of the Board for investigation.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor Pro Tem 
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett	it	was moved	that the

retail beverage license applied for by Ed. E Woods for 133 South	1st St. be granted. 	Application

being in proper form and money on file with the City Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
the 6th day of July at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Friday

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 6th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 6th day of July, 1934 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners Arnett, Down
and Marble, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Mayor Cragin.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the motion hereto fore passed denying the retail family liquor store license to Peter Pansey
at 110 Fremont St. be rescinded July 5th, 1934 date of said motion denying said license.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett Marble and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. Noes none.



On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett was moved and carried
that the application for a retail family liquor store license made by Peter Pansy for 110 Fremont
Street be granted.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting
aye. Noes none.

"An Ordinance to amend and Ordinance regulating the distributing and control of intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating places where and under what conditions
said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given away or otherwise
distributed; providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties for the violation of this
ordinance; and repealing all ordinance and parts of ordinance in conflict therewith," was read
for a second time and passed by the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and
and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 209.

"An Ordinance to fix, impose and provide for the collection of a license tax on motor
propelled vehicles operated for hire, and to regulate the operation and running of the same, within
the City of Las Vegas; fixing a penalty for the violation of any of the provisions of this
ordinance; and repealing Ordinance No. 100, and all Ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
herewith," was read for a first time and and adopted by the following vote: Commissioners Arnett,
Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 210 of the City of Las Vegas.

City Clerk was directed to have s id Ordinance No. 210 published in the Las Vegas
Review-Journal for two issues that is to say once a week for two consecutive weeks.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 16th day of July, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

Office of the City Clerk, Las Vegas,
Clark County, Nevada.

July 16th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 16th day of July 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Pro Tem German, Commissioners
Arnett, Marble, and Down, City Clerk and Deputy City Attorney.