OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 18, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 18th day of August, 1933, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present: His Honor the Mayor, Commissioners Mundy,
German, Arnett and Down, city attorney and clerk.

The application of George Hamilton was presented to the Board for permission to
transfer beer license No. 21, on 110 North First Street, now held by George Hamilton,
to Edward D. Ganey.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Mundy, it was moved and
carried that the application of George Hamilton be granted, and the clerk was instructed
to issue a duplicate license in the name of Edward D. Ganey.

The vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voted aye. Noes, none.

The application of Ralph Bernstein for a license to operate a game commonly known as
"Skillball" was presented and considered by the Board.

Inasmuch as the granting of such a license would conflict with a resolution hereto-
fore made by the Board, Commissioner Down moved that the permit be not granted. Motion
seconded by Commissioner German.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and Down
and His Honor the Mayor voted aye. Noes, none.

Mayor Cragin informed the Board that the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce was desirous
of obtaining a donation from the city to help defray the expense of placing an exhibit
at the Los Angeles County Fair at Pomona, California.

Commissioner Mundy moved that the sum of Fifty ($50.00) Dollars be given the Chamber
of Commerce for the purpose above stated, said sum to be taken from the Publicity Fund of
the City of Las Vegas. Motion seconded by Commissioner Arnett.

The vote on said motion was as follows:	Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German and

Down and His Honor the Mayor voted aye. Noes, none.

The clerk was instructed to address a letter to the Secretary of the Las Vegas Chamber
of Commerce advising him of the action of the Board on the above matter.

There being no further business at this time, the meeting adjourned to September 5,

1933.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 5th, 1933.

 Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada held on the 5th day of September 1933 at the hour of three
o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Mundy, German
and City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Water sewer and
Light Commissioner owing to the absence of that officer Commissioner Down.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.