then

It was On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy moved and carried that
O.C.Boggs be appointed Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas, to qualify by taking the of offic-
ial oath of office and filing a surety company bond in the sum of $2,000.00 with the Clerk

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and His honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 6th, 1932

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 6th day of October 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy and German,
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and Thomas.

At this time a number of property owners appeared before the Board of Commissioners
and protested the action of the Board in granting the Southern Nevada Marketing Association
permission to erect and maintain a slaughter house on the Westside in the Industrial District.

Work on the construction of said building was ordered stopped until further investi-
gation.

Carl Ray appeared before the Board asking for permission to tie into the sewer main
on Gass St. After some discussion on the matter and upon the advice of the City Attorney on
motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved to grant Carl Ray
permission to construct a lateral sewer across lots 1,2,3, and 4 and a protion of Gass St.
and to connect with the sewer main in said Gass St. Agreement to be entered into in writing
and signed by Carl Ray and the Mayor on behalf of the City of Las Vegas and attest by the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
A.J. McMichael be granted a slot machine license. Application being in proper form and money to
cover sane being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 10th day of October 1932 at the our of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

Clark County, Nevada,

October 7th, 1932.

SPECIAL MEETING

To- Viola Burns,

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held at the Board room of said Board on the Court House Square in said City
of Las Vegas, on Fri. the 7th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider
and act upon the appointment of a Municipal Judge for said City, and other matters in connection
therewith, and to consider and act upon such other matters as may properly be considered at said
meeting. You will give notice in accordance herewith.

E.W.Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Las Vegas Nevada, October 7th, 1932.

To- R.W.Thomas, W.C.German, W.B. Mundy, L.B. Hansell, Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas and to E.W.Cragin, Mayor thereof:

You and each of you will please take notice, that, pursuant to a call therefor this day
by the Mayor of said City, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City
will be held in the Board Room of said Board on the Court House Square in said City of Las
Vegas on the 7th day of October, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. to consider and act upon
the appointment of a Municipal Judge for said City, and other matters in connection therewith,
and to consider and act upon such other matters as may properly be considered at said meeting.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas.