OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 18th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 18th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

Commissioner Thomas absent.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
one slot machine license each be granted to Jack Weisberger, and Robert Robinson. The appli-
cations being in proper form and the amounts to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones none.

At this time Mr. Benham appeared before the Board with the plans for the raising
of the main sanitary sewer line from the Westside to the disposal plant.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell Seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved that
the Board accept the plans of Mr. Benham for the raising of the Main D grade line from
Station 25+82 to 49+87, to met flow line of sewer at Washington and First Streets, Westside,
and to add to Main D length from old disposal plant site at Hill Street to new location
of disposal plant at Fifteenth Street.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German and Hansell and His
Honor the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none..

At this time Mr. Benham presented to the Board of Commissioners for its approval
the plans and specifications for the laterals for the sewer system of the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
that the plans, estimates, profiles, and specifications for the Lateral District No. 1 of
the sanitary sewer system of the City of Las Vegas, as prepared by Webster L. Benham,
Consulting Engineer for the City be approved and adopted. Also that the City at this time
should cause to be published a notice of intention calling for protest, if any, to be heard
on Tuesday the 3rd.day of May 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner s Mundy, German and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

An Ordinance, entitled, "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las
Vegas by the construction of sanitary lateral sewer lines in and across the necessary streets,
avenues, alleys, easements and lots, making connection with the public sewer; describing
definitely the location of said improvements; providing that the cost and expense thereof
shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the lots included in the special ass-
essment district, hereby established, according to benefits, except where, by the Charter of
the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required to be paid from the General
Fund of said City of Las Vegas; providing for the issuance of special assessment binds for
the payment thereof and other matters relating thereto," was read for a first time and laid
over for a second reading. ,

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 25th day of April, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 25th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 25th day of April 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

	The following answering roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German

and Thomas, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

This being the time set by the Board of Commissioners for the opening of bids

and the laying of 3,350 lineal feet of cast iron pipe and a number
^^°sing received by the Clerk, at the direction of the Mayor the said bids were
ipened by the clerk.

Bids on the pipe line being received from the following:

Fuller Construction Company,

J.L. McWilliams

Desert Iron Works

Nevada Construction Company.

O.K. Plumbing Company
Bebek construction Oom^an^.