Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, Seconded by Commissioner Thomas, the following
Preambles and Resolution was duly adopted:

Whereas on the 5th day of March, 1551, the Board of City Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, by resolution duly adopted
authorized the offering for sale of Las Vegas Highway Bonds (1931 Series) in the sum of
Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000.00), as appears from the minutes of the proceedings of said
Board on that date at pages 145-146 and 147 of Book 3 of the Minutes of the Proceedings of
said Board and

Whereas, the sale of said bonds was noticed in accordance with the provisions
of the law of the State of Nevada applicable thereto, and said bonds were sold on the
9th day of April, 1931 to Bank of Southern Nevada, Incorporated, a corporation of Las
Vegas, Nevada upon a bid of par and accrued interest, such interest being fixed by
the successful bidder at 5½% per annum, and

Whereas, said bonds have been printed and are now ready for delivery to said
purchaser, Bank of Southern Nevada, Inc., and

Whereas, a mistake was made in the printing of said bonds and coupons attached
thereto, In that said interest was placed at six per cent, per annum instead of 5½ per
annum, and

Whereas, a great necessity exists for the obtaining of the money for said bonds
immediately for the uses and purposes for which said bonds were ordered to be issued,
sold and delivered,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the printed form of said bonds and coupons
be appropriately changed by pen and ink interlineation, so that the same shall appear to
bear interest at the rate of five and one-half per cent (5½) per annum instead of at six
(6) per annum as was printed in said bonds and coupons annexed thereto.

BE IN FURTHER RESOLVED, ordered and directed, that for the purpose of creating
a fund for the payment of the bonds sold, and the interest thereon, promptly as the same
falls due there shall be levied and collected by the proper officers of the City of
Las Vegas annually a special tax on the assessed value of all property, both real and
personal, subject to taxation, including proceeds of mines, within the boundaries of the C
City of Las Vegas, until such bonds and the interest thereon shall have been fully paid,
sufficient to pay the interest on said bonds, and to pay and retire, beginning with Bond
No. 1 and consecutively thereafter, not more than two of said bonds annually until all of
said bonds have been redeemed and retired. Such tax shall be levied and collected in the
same manner and at the same time as other city taxes are assessed and collected, and the
proceeds thereof shall be kept by the City Treasurer in a special fund to be known as the
"Las Vegas- Boulder Dam Highway Redemption Fund;" provided, that the foregoing shall not
apply with regard to the assessment and collection of taxes in the case where any of such
bonds are paid by special assessment as provided for in Chapter VI of the 1931 Session
Laws of the State of Nevada.

Vote on the above resolution being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas, Hansell and his Honor the Mayor voting aye, Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners considered the gaming licenses that
had been filed with the Clerk.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner Mundy it was moved
that a gaming license be granted the Overland Barber Shop to operate a slot machine at
8 Fremont St. Said application being in proper form, and the amount necessary for
for the operation of the machine accompanying the application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that a gaming license be granted the Rainbow Club at 127 & 129 South First St..

Said application being in proper form and the amounts needed for the operations of the
tables accompanying the application.

Vote on s id motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was
moved that a gaming license be granted the Northern Club at 15 Fremont St. Said
application being in proper form and the amounts needed for the operations of the tables
accompanying the applications.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas,

Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German it was
moved that a gaming license be granted the Las Vegas Club at 21 and 23 Fremont St.

Said application being in proper form and the amounts needed for the operations of the
tables accompanying the applications.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
Thomas and His Honor the Mayor H. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the
following slot machines licenses were granted. Applications being on file with the Clerk
and the proper amount being on file with each application.

Abe H. Linenthal    1 Slot Machine

S.	S. Thornton	2	"	"

DeLuxe Barber Shop  l	"	"

Las Vegas Club	13	"	"

Northern Club	4	"	"

Rainbow Club	3	"	"

Vote on above motion being as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas,
Hansell and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

Attorney A. W. Ham appeared before the Board in regard to the granting of a
gaming license to J. R. Boyer. No action was taken at this time.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting