Las Vegas, Nevada, Aug. 4, 1932.

To- Mayor E.W. Cragin, and Commissioners L.B. Hansell, R.W. Thomas, W.C. German, and

W.B. Mundy.

Pursuant to a call this day issues by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas you will please
take notice that a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will
be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Hall in the City of Las Vegas on Friday the
5th day of August, 1932 at 10:30 o'clock A.M. to consider and act upon matters relating to the
police department of said City. You will govern your selves accordingly.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

(City Seal)

We hereby acknowledge receipt of the foregoing notice this 4th day of August, 1932.

E.W. Cragin	W.B. Mundy_____

Mayor.

L.B. Hansell

______W.C. German

______R.W. Thomas_____

Commissioners.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners, Mundy, German,
and Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Commissioner W.B. Mundy at this time ask for a fifteen day leave of absence same
to be in effect from August 14th to 28th, inclusive.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the leave ask for be granted.

Commissioners Thomas and German and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Commissioner
Mundy not voting. Noes none.

At this time Mayor Cragin stated to the Board of Commissioners that he wished to
re-instate Clay H. Williams as Chief of Police for the City of Las Vegas.

Clay H. Williams was then re-instated as Chief of Police of the City of Las Vegas.

At this time the resignation of Clay H. Williams as Chief of Police of the City of
Las Vegas was presented to the Board for its consideration. Same to be effective August 31st, 1932.

The Members of the Commission then entered into a discussion as to the best means for
providing for the appointing of a new chief of police and considered a number of names that had
been presented to the Board for its approval. No decision was reached on the matter at this
time and the meeting recessed until Monday the 8th day of August 1932, at the hour of 10:30 A.M.

Monday August 8th, 1932, 10:30 A.M.

The following answered roll call: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German, and
Thomas, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

The Board at once entered into a discussion on the matter of providing a Chief of
Police for the City of Las Vegas. After a lengthy discussion on the matter the meeting adjourned
with not definite action being taken on the matter.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST llth; 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 11th day of August, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
Thomas and Hansell, City Attorney and Clerk.

A number of applications for slot machine licenses were presented to the Board for
its approval.

On motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the following licenses for slot machines be granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover same being on file with the Clerk.

J.T. Watters	12 Slot machine licenses.

Bert Smith	1	"	"										       "

Bob Robinson	1	"	"	       "

The Vegas Sweet Shoppe 3	"	"	    "

Dave Stearns	4	"	"	  "

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Thomas, and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.