A number of persons appeared before the Board in regard to the passing of an ordinance
governing the closing of grocery stores and meat markets on "Sunday".

After some discussion on the matter the following entitled ordinance was read aloud for
the first time:

"An Ordinance requiring establishments for the sale of food intended for human consumption
to close Sunday and providing penalties for the violation thereof, and other matters relating
thereto."

Voting for the passage of the ordinance Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward,
and His Honor the Mayor. Noes, none. Absent, none.

The City Clerk was thereupon directed to cause said ordinance to be published in the Las
Vegas Review-Journal for a period of once a week for two consecutive weeks.

A petition from the Las Vegas Contractors Association was presented to the Board for con-
sideration. This petition ask that the license fee for contractors be raised and paid by the
year and that all persons before securing a permit for the erection of a building secure a
contractors license before securing the building permit.

This Association was ask to confer with C.D. Baker, Building Inspector and and Ryland
Taylor City Attorney.

The purchasing of equipment to aid in the cleaning of sewers, and the purchasing of
a truck by the Light Department were discussed at this time, and upon motion of Commissioner
Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworths it was moved and carried that Commissioner Down
Commissioner of Water Sewer and Light purchase the needed equipment for his departments.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried
that a retail beverage license be granted Bob Elam and H.V. Means. Application being in
proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

Vegas Sweet Shoppe three slot machine licenses and Clarence Huston one.

	Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor

voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the Mayor L.L. Arnett write Captain Doolin in regard to the Municipal Airport in
substantially the following form:

Las Vegas, Nevada,

May 14th, 1936

Captain B.M. Doolin,

C/O Bureau of Air Commerce,

49 Fourth Street,

San Francisco, California.

IN. RE: LAS VEGAS, NEVADA AIRPORT

Dear Captain Doolin:

Immediately after your visit to Las Vegas, the Mayor was called to
Northern California because of family illness, and has just returned to Las Vegas.

Agreeably with the understanding we had with you when you were in Las Vegas, we submit
suggestions with reference to the Las Vegas airport, which, because of our unfamiliarity with
the subject, will of necessity have to be more or less general in character.

We are in receipt of a copy of a contract between the City of San Diego and American
Airways upon what is known as Lindberg Field in San Diego. This contract has some very help-
ful suggestions. We are, therefore, enclosing a copy herewith for any assistance that it
might be to you.

We are also enclosing therewith an enumeration of conditions proposed by Mr. Alvin P.
Adams of Western Air.

With reference to these conditions we make the following suggestions:

Item 2: For many reasons Item Two would be impractical for it is proposed by the City to
establish a facility for all airlines coming into the city in the future, as well as all trans-
ient ships. The City would not permit the airport to get beyond its control and thereby defeat
this purpose.	Twenty-five	years seems to be a long period in any event. In	no	event	would	this

city give	any	one	company	exclusive control or use of the airport.

Item	4:	The	same objection as pointed out in connection with Item Two.

__Item	5: 	The	city is	agreeable to carring fire insurance upon its own property sufficient

to replace any destruction from such a hazard, but to insure private carriers against public
liability and to insure against fire hazards the property of private carriers is beyond the
scope, purpose and authority of the municipal corporation.