No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 20th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 20th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 20th day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Commissioners Mundy and German, His Honor the
Mayor E.W.cragin, City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas and Hansell.

This being the time set for the opening of bids on a well to be drilled at the Cem-
etery and a number of bids being on file with the Clerk, said bids were ordered open, by the
Mayor.

Bids being received from the following: Terry Diskin, A.E.Clark, L.B. Jennings,

J.H. Miser, and James L. Filby.

On motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Mundy That the bid of
L.B. Jennings be accepted. It being the lowest bid, and that the City of Las Vegas enter
into a contract with said L.B. Jennings for the drilling of a well at the Cemetery. Said
contract to be signed by the Mayor, and Attest by the Clerk under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and German and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of installing door in the front of the Fire Station was next brought be-
fore the Board, and upon motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioners German it
was moved that the Police and Fire Commissioner have a suitable door installed at the Fire
Station.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy and German and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 27th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 27th, 1932.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 27th day of May, 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, and Thomas
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Hansell and German.

At this time a number of restaurant owners were present and petitioned the Board
of Commissioners to pass an ordinance governing sanation in cafes and restaurants, thereupon
the following Ordinances were read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

"An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas governing sanitation of all restaurants,
eating houses, lunch counters, soda fountains, bakeries, or any building, shed or room wherein
food, food-stuffs, or any article to be used for human consumption is manufactured, prepared,
cooked, stored, sold or offered for sale."

"An Ordinance regulating restaurants, lunch counters, cafes, cafeterias, soda fount-
ains, fruit stands, vehicles, popcorn, peanut, and food vending stands or stations and other
places in the City of Las Vegas, County of Clerk, State of Nevada, where food is prepared for
sale, sold, distributed, or displayed for sale, and providing for the regulation of all persons
handling food stuffs."

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 61st day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.