CALL
SPECIAL MEETING..

TO LE ROY WHIPPLE, DEPUTY CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

A Special Meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas id hereby
called, to be held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's Office, in the City of
Las Vegas, State of Nevada, to be held on Monday the 9th, day of September 1935 at the hour of
seven o'clock P. M. of said day, to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To consider:

The application of the City to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works of The
Federal Government for a grant and loan to aid in financing the construction of oiled graveled streets
and concrete curbs and gutters.

2.	The application of the City to the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a
loan and grant to aid in the construction or purchase and remodeling of a municipal power system
and incidental facilities.

Dated this 9th, day of September 1935.

L. L. Arnett.

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas..

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO — JAMES H. DOWN, DAVID FARNSWORTH, H. P. MARBLE, Mr. E. WARD, COMMISSIONERS AND TO L. L. ARNETT,
MAYOR, OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS:

YOU, AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: that pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City will be
held at the Board Room of said Board in the City Clerk's Office in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada on
Monday the 9th, day of September 1935, at the hour of seven o'clock P. M. of said day to consider
and act upon the following business;

1.	To Consider;

The application of the City to The Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan
and Grant to aid in financing the construction of oiled graveled streets and concrete curbs and
gutters..

2.	The application of the City to The Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a
loan and grant to aid in the construction or purchase and remodeling of a municipal power system
and incidental facilities.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 9th, day of September 1935.

Le Roy Whipple.

Deputy City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas..

ACCEPTANCE___OF SERVICE.

We, the undersigned, Commissioners and Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, do hereby admit due
service of the foregoing notice of special meeting.

Dated this 9th, day of September 1935

L. L. Arnett.	David Farnsworth.

Mayor	Commissioner

Jas. H. Down	H. P. Marble

Commissioner	Commissioner

M. E. Ward.

Commissioner

The following answered roll call, Mayor, L. L. Arnett, Commissioners, Jas. H. Down, David
Farnsworth, H. P. Marble and M. E. Ward. City Attorney, Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy City Clerk
Le Roy Whipple. At this special meeting, Held on the 9th, day of September 1935, a quorum being
present the following business was transacted;

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Ward the following Application
Resolution was introduced and passed;

A Resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to file an application to the United States
of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan and grant to
aid in financing the construction of oiled gravel streets and concrete curbs and gutters and des-
ignating L. L. Arnett, Mayor, to furnish such information as the Government may request.

"BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of City Commissioners; of the City of Las Vegas;

1. That L. L. Arnett, Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to execute and file an application
on behalf of the City of Las Vegas to The United States of America for a loan and grant to aid
in financing the construction of oiled gravel streets and concrete curbs and gutters;

2.	That L. L. Arnett, Mayor, C. D. Baker, City Engineer, Ryland G. Taylor, City Attorney and
A. W. Blackman, Auditor, be and they are hereby authorized and directed to furnish such in-
formation as the United States of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public
Works may reasonable request in connection with the application which is herein authorized to

be filed,"

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye, Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, the following
Application Resolution was introduced and passed;

A Resolution authorizing the City of Las Vegas to file an application to the United States
of America through the Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works for a loan and grant to
aid in financing the construction or purchase and remodeling of a Municipal Power System and in-
cidental facilities and designating L. L. Arnett, Mayor, to furnish such information as the Govern-
ment may request.

" BE IT RESOLVED by the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas;

1.	That L. L. Arnett, Mayor, be and he is authorized to execute and file an application on
behalf of the City of Las Vegas to the United States of America for a loan and grant to aid
in financing the construction or purchase and remodeling of a Municipal Power System and in-
cidental facilities;

2.	That L. L. Arnett, Mayor, Barry Dibble, Engineer, A. W. Blackman, Auditor, and Ryland G.
Taylor, City Attorney, are hereby authorized and directed to furnish such information as the
Federal Emergency Administration of Public Works may reasonable request in connection with
the application which is herein authorized to be filed."

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye., Noes, none.