Absent Mayor Cragin.

This being the time set for the opening for bids for the furnishing of the City of Las
Vegas, all department, with gas and a number of bids being, received by the Clerk, at the direct-
ion of the Mayor Pro Tem all bids were opened.

No decision was reached on the matter and said bids were handed to Commissioner Marble
and Street Supt. King for tabulation, on motion introduced by Commissioner Arnett seconded by
Commissioner Down.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German
voting aye. Noes none.

Board

Mr. Ryan and Mr. Minter appeared before the in regard to the improving of Stewart St.
it having been reported to the Board that on checking the petition handed the Board at a previous
meeting that a sufficient number of interested property owners had signed said petition.

No action was taken on the matter.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that a retail family liquor store license in the sum of $125.00 per quarter be granted
to Ethel Rapoport for 28 Fremont St. Application being in proper form and money on file with
the City Clerk to cover same.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of	Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner	Marble	it was moved	and

carried	that a retail	family liquor	store license be granted to Sebastian	Mickulich for	812

Fremont St. Said license to be $50.00 per quarter.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Mayor Pro Tem
German voting aye. Commissioner Down not voting. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that Ted Konduras be granted a retail beverage license (5¼%) for the Sal Sagev Coffee Shop.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor Pro
Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that the tavern license heretofore had by John Graglia for the Apache Bar be issued to
P.O. 	Salivgni on proof of ownership	presented to the Board at this	time.

Vote on said	motion was as	follows: Commissioners Arnett,	Marble	and Down and	Mayor Pro

Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

No motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that truck and equipment for street department be left up to the discretion of the
Street Commissioner H.P. Marble and Street Supt. King.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble and Down and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following Slot
Machine licenses were granted for the third quarter year.

Las Vegas Club	1	State Cafe	2

White Spot Cafe	3	W.J.	Lincoln	1

Bert Smith	1	Jack	Weisberger	3

E.D. Ciliax	2	J.R.	Mc Michael	1

City Drug Store	3	W.E. Ferron	8

Vegas Sweet	Shoppe	33	L.L.	Arnett	36

B.P. Bihlmaier	22

Vote on the motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, and Down and Mayor
Pro Tem German voting aye. Noes none.

No further business coming before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 20th day of July, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

AUGUST 13th, 1934.

SPECIAL MEETING

Las Vegas, Nevada,

July 17th, 1934.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
to be held at the Board room of said Board on Tuesday the 17th day of July, 1934, at the hour
of seven thirty o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the reading, passage and