OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 4th, 1931.

CALL FOR SPECIAL MEETING.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas;

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las	Vegas,	to be held at the Board	Room of said Board in the City	of Las Vegas, in the County

of Clark	 State	of	Nevada on Friday	the 4th day of September, 1931	at the Hour of ten O'clock A.

M. to consider and act upon the following business:

1.	To	Consider and act	on all matters relating to the	proposed new sewer system.

2.	To	consider and act	upon all business of the City which may properly come before

and be considered by said Board at such special meeting.

You will give notice in accordance herewith.

Dated Sept. 4, 1931.

E.W.Cragin

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

To- E.W.Cragin, Mayor, and to R.W.Thomas, L.B. Hansell, W.B.Mundy, and W.C.German, Commissioners:

Pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special
meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of said City will be held at the Board
Room of said Board in the City of Las Vegas, in the County of Clark, State of Nevada
on Friday the 4th day of September, 1931 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. to consider
and act upon the following business:

1. To consider and act on all matters relating to the proposed new sewer system.

2. To consider and act upon all business of the City which may properly come before
and be considered by said Board at such special meeting.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Dated this 4th day of September, 1931.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

We, the undersigned, do hereby acknowledge due service of the above and foregoing call
and notice of a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, to
be held at the Board Romm of said Board in the City of Las Vegas on Friday the 4th day of Sept-
ember, A.D. 1931 at the hour of ten o'clock A.M. and do hereby consent to the transaction of
any and all business of the City thereat.

Dated this 4th day of September, 1931.

E.W.Cragin	L.B. Hansell____

Mayor.	Commissioner

W.B. Mundy______	W.C.German______

Commissioner	Commissioner

R.W.Thomas______

Commissioner.

Minutes of a Special Called meeting held on the 4th day of September at the hour of
ten o'clock A.M.

Roll call of officers showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy,
Thomas, German, Hansell, City Attorney Stevens, and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer on the new sewer system was also present.

The Board at once entered into a discussion of the new sewer system and the laying
out of the districts to be improved at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
the City original plans for the sewer system be accepted subject to the approval of the site for
the disposal plant.

Vote on said motion was as follows; Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell and Thomas,
and His Honor the Mayor E.W.Gragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The districts to be improved were next decided upon.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved
that the City of Las Vegas advertise for bidders on the $160,000.00 bond issue for the install-
ation of the sewer system and disposal plant in substantially the foll wing form:

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will
receive bids until three o'clock P.M. on the 14th day of October, 1931, for the purchase of One
Hundred Sixty (160) bonds of Las Vegas Sewerage Bond Issue. Said bonds consisting of One Hun-
dred Sixty (160) bonds in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1,000.00) each, which
mature $8,000.00 on the first day of July in each of the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive. Said
bonds will bear interest at a rate noe exceeding seven per centum per annum, payable semi-annual-
ly , and will bear date the first day of July 1931. The said Board reserves the right to deliver

to to the successful bidder One Hundred (100) of said bonds commencing with bond number one, and
numbered consecutively up to and including bond number one hundred an initial delivery under
the sale, and to deliver the remainder of said bonds in such amounts from time to time in consec-
utive numerical order as the need of the City shall in the judgment of said board require, and
to cancel and annul the sale as to any of said bonds over and above the initial one hundred
bonds, upon notice given to the purchaser, in the event said Board shall find and determine that
no reasonable necessity exists for the delivery of additional bonds over the aggregate amount
already previously delivered.