OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 22nd, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 22nd day of October, 1931.

The following answered roll call; Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell,
City Attorney Stevens and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioners German the following slot machine
licenses were granted. Application being in proper form and the monies to cover same being on
file with the Clerk.

T.	J. Settle	3 Slot Machines

Dave Stearns	2 "	**

	De Lux Barber Shop	1 "	"

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	2 "	"

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor E.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

The Board at this time considered the matter of advertising for bond bidders on the
$160,000.00 bond issue authorized by the Legislature of the State of Nevada, for a sewer system
and disposal plant in the City of Las Vegas.

After considering the matter on motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner
German it was moved that the City of Las Vegas readvertise for bidders on the $160,000.00 sewer
bond issue in the following form:

NOTICE TO BOND BIDDERS.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada, will receive
bids until three o'clock P.M. on the 20th day of November, 1931 for the purchase of One Hundred
Sixty (160) Bonds of the Las Vegas Sewerage Bond Issue. Said bonds consist of One Hundred
Sixty (160) Bonds in the denomination of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00) each, which mature
$8000.00 on the first day of July in each of the years 1933 to 1952 inclusive. Said bonds will
bear interest at a rate not exceeding seven per centum per annum, payable semi-annually, and will
bear date the first day of July, 1931.

Each bid, except the bid of the State of Nevada, if one is received, must be accompanied
by a deposit of five per cent. either cash or certified check made payable to the City Clerk
of the City of Las Vegas, of the amount of the bid, which will be returned if the bid is not
accepted; and if the successful bidder shall fail or neglect to complete the purchase of said
bonds within thirty days following the acceptance of his or its bid, the amount of his or its
deposit will be forfeited to said City of Las Vegas, and in that event said Board of Commission-
ers will elect whether or not it will accept the bid of the one making the next best bid. If
there be two or more equal bids and such bids are the best received, and not less
than par and accrued interest, said Board of Commissioners will determine which bid shall be
accepted.

All bids	must be sealed in opaque envelopes	and marked,	"For Las Vegas Sewerage Bonds,

1931 Issue," and	addressed to the City Clerk of the	City	of Las	Vegas, Las Vegas, Nevada. Bids

will be opened by said Board of Commissioners on the 20th day of November, 1931, at three
o'clock P.M. in the Board of Commissioners Room in the Office of the City Clerk, in said City
of Las Vegas. Bidders shall submit a bid specifying (a) the lowest rate of interest and premium
if any above par, a which such bidder will purchase	said	bonds;	or (b) the lowest rate of inter-
est at which the	bidder will purchase said bonds at	par.	The bonds will be sold to the bidder

making the best bid subject to the right of said Board of Commissioners to reject any and all
bids and readvertise. None of said bonds will be sold at less than par and accrued interest, and
no discount or commission will be allowed or pair on the sale of such bonds.

Dated this 22nd day of October, 1931.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor L.W.Cragin voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 26th day of October, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.