    No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting recessed until

Friday the 20th, day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.
SEPTEMBER 20th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regularmeeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 20th day of September 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble, and Ward, City attorney and City Clerk.

At this time a representative of the General Petroleum Company appeared before the
Board with plans for a proposed service station at the Southeast corner of Carson and Fifth
Streets. He was anxious that he be given permission to construct two (2) sixty (60) foot
foot drive ways one on Fifth Street and one on Carson Street, as this was not in accordance with a
Resolution passed by the Board stating that driveways in the City of Las Vegas must not be
longer than 25 lineal feet the matter was taken under discussion by the members of the Board.

No decision being reached on Motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioners
Ward it was moved and carried that the matter be referred to Mr. Marble, Commissioner of
Street and Public Places and that he grant the General Petroleum Company permission for a
driveway on both Carson and South Fifth Streets the length of which would be left to his
discretion so as to conform with the driveways of the various other driveways at service
stations in the City.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Commissioner Marble passing his vote. Noes none.

The Board next entered into a general discussion as to the possibility of the City hold-
ing a vote election for the purpose of voting bonds for the securing of a municipally owned
power plant and system for the City.

The City attorney was directed to secure all possible information on the subject and
present same to the Board at it next meeting.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Tuesday the 24th day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTS, NEVADA.

SEPTEMBER 24th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 24th day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.D.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Marble, Farnsworth,
and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Down.

Chief of Police Mackey appeared before the Board in regard to the purchasing of a new
car for the Police Dept. Algo in the matter of turning the Police Dept. ton and half truck
to the Street Dept. and the Street Dept. inturn purchasing for the Police Dept. a small
pick up truck.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth it was moved and
carried that the City Clerk call for sealed bids for the purchase of a new car for the
Police Dept. and stating that one Studebaker 1934 sedan be turned in on the purchase of
said new car. That bids be opened at the regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners
held on the 4th day of October, 1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

The matter of securing of a pick-up truck for use by the Police Dept, was laid over for
further consideration.