OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS CLARK COUNTY NEVADA.
DECEMBER 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of December, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble
and Perry, City Clerk and City Attorney.

811 claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrent Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Minutes of meetings held November 12th, 19th, and 23rd 1936 read and approved as read.

A letter from Miss Z.L. Billie Ormsby asking that the Board of Commission have her brother
"Siwashed" in all taverns in the City of Las Vegas was read to the Board.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the Clerk write Miss Ormsby for the given name of her brother before action could be taken.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Krause and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

the possibility of having the Pittsburgh Panthers spend a week in the City of Las Vegas,
on their way to Pasadena to the Rose Bowl game was brought to the attention of the Board, and
on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried that
the Clerk wire the "Panthers" and extend to them a most cordial invitation to visit Las Vegas,
on their way to Pasadena.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

A letter from Mrs. Fannie Ryan to the Board of Commissioners asking that action be taken
toward the moving and abating what is commonly known as "Block 16" in the City of Las Vegas,
was presented to the Board for its consideration.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the letter of the said Fannie Ryan be handed to the City Attorney and that he advise the
Board as to what action might be taken upon this matter legally, and that the Clerk write
Mrs. Ryan of the action of the Board.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

0 motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City, through its Board of Commissioner give the sum of One Hundred Dollars from the
Publicity Fund toward the White Christmas Fund.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Perry it was moved and carried
that all bids received and opened at this time for the purchase of two (2) new police cars
be handed to Commissioner Krause, Police and Fire Commissioner for his disposal.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause, Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

At this time the Clerk opened bids from the nine oil companies operating in the City of
Las Vegas for the supplying of gasoline to the City for one year.

On motion of Commissioner Down, seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the bids for gasoline be handed to Commissioner Marble for his disposal.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Krause Marble and Perry and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

The business of appointing a Board of Appraisal to appraise the buildings owned by the City
so that same might be insured came before the Board for consideration at this time, and on
motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried that the
Clerk be directed to write A.L. Worswick, architect, Roscoe Hampton, contractor, and A.W. Black-
man, accountant and ascertain if they would be willing to serve on such Board and the fee that
would be charged the City for this work.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause, Marble and Perry, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

An ordinance entitled: "An ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of Com-
missioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by
grading for and constructing oil bound gravel pavement and concrete curbs and gutters on cer-
tain street and portions of streets in the City of Las Vegas; describing definitely the location
on the said improvements; providing that the cost of certain portions of the expenses thereof
shall be paid by special assessment upon all the lots and parcels of land included in the
special assessment district hereby established according to benefits; providing for the issuance
of special assessment bonds of the City of Las Vegas for the payment thereof and other matters
and things relating thereto," was read to the Board for a first time, proposed, considered and
voted upon this 4th day of December, 1936. Voting Ayes: Commissioners Down, Marble, Krause and
Perry and His Honor the Mayor, L.L. Arnett. Voting nays: none.

Said ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 221 of the City of Las Vegas
The City Clerk was directed to have said ordinance published once each week for two con-
secutive weeks in the Las Vegas Evening Review Journal, a daily newspaper published in the
City of Las Vegas, Nevada.