OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 25th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 25th day of November 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, together with the City Att-
orney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Thomas, and German.

Minutes of meeting of November 18th read and approved as read.

Mr. Leonard Blood, State Deputy Labor Commissioner appeared before the Board of City
Commissioners and ask that the Board co-operate with his office in relieving the unemployed
situation in the City. Commissioner Smith of the City Streets promised to look over the
need of hiring more men to work on the City streets, and get in touch with Mr. -Blood.
Permanent presidents of the city property owners, and married men with families to be
given first chance on any positions that might open up. Mr. Blood informed the Board that
he had on file applications for 300 jobs.

The Clerk was instructed to write a letter of thanks to the State Labor Commissioner
Hoyle and thank him for his aid in securing a deputy labor commissioner in Las Vegas.

Mr. Ryland Taylor appeared before the Board in behalf of a number of property owners
on Fremont Street that are protesting the widening of Fremont Street from Main to Second
Street and ask that the Board of Commissioner abandon the idea of widening said street for
the said two blocks at this time. The City Attorney was instructed to look into the law in
regards to this matter and report back to the Board if it was legal to drop the proceedings
at this time.

The plat of Woodland Park subdivision was presented to the Board by C. D. Baker of
the Southern Nevada Engineering Service for the approval of the Board. Same being approved
by the City Planning Commission. There upon said plat was approved by Mayor Hesse, and
Attest by the Clerk under the Seal of the City.

The members of the Board then entered into a discussion of the new ordinance govern-
ing all classes of businesses and professions in the City of Las Vegas which will soon
come up for a second reading. The Board also at this time considered the revising of Section
7 of Ordinance 160 governing peddling.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the first day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, Las Vegas,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

DECEMBER 1st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 1st day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner German.

Minutes of meeting of November 25th read and approved as read.

At this time the members of the Board took up the matter of the new license ordin-
ance that will soon come up for a second reading.

M. Carroll, O.A. Kimball appeared before the Board at this time and protested
against the raise in license for "Real Estate & Insurance Agencies".

Mrs. Edith Allen protested against the license on dairies.

The Board took no action to reduce these rates at this time.

Other sections of said ordinance were considered.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until the hour of 7:30 P.M.

7:30 P.M.

Present at this time were Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, toget-
her with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Mr. W. J. Flowers appeared, and went over some sections of said license ordin-
ance with the Board of Commissioners

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Wednesday the 3rd day of December 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.