On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
Police and Fire Commissioner Krause advertise for bids for the purchase of two (2) cars to be used
in police work for the City

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Commissioner Krause re-appointed Harold Case Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Department and
D. Leavitt Assistant Chief.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Krause it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk be directed to write Mr. Fyhen for a copy of the anti-trust laws governing
picketing, and the court decision thereof.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

Minutes of the meetings of November 4th, 6th, and 9th, read and approved as read.

On motion of Commissioner Krause seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the Commissioner of Streets H.P. Marble advertise and secure bids for the purchase of one
dump truck and one motor grader for the City street department.

Vote was Commissioners Down Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes,
none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and ad-
journed until Monday the 30th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS
VEGAS CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

NOVEMBER 30th, 1936.

Minutes of ,a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 30th day of November, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Krause and
Marble, City Clerk and City Attorney.

Absent Commissioner Perry.

At this time the Board entered into an informal discussion the business of the City carr-
ing a blanket fire insurance on all City buildings. A number of insurance agents were present
including E.W. Allen, O.A. Kimball, E.A.Clark and out of town representatives.

No definite action was taken at this time.

Several residents of Woodland Park appeared before the Board protesting the moving into
that district of houses from Boulder City.

The Clerk was ask that publicity be given the informal meeting of the Board of Commis-
sioners to be held on Monday the 7th day of December, 1936 . The purpose of the meeting being
the proposed amendments to the city zoning ordinance. All portions of the City that have not been
discussed at previous meetings to be taken up at this time.

A letter from the Las Vegas Land & Water Company was read to the Board in regard to the
conditions of the water line in the alley between Carson and Fremont Streets and from Main to
Fifth Street.

After some discussion on the letter on motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commis-
sioner Krause it was moved and carried:

THAT C.D.Baker, City Engineer, be detailed to supply the Board of Commissioners with a
definite report of the condition of the alley between Carson and Fremont Street, and Main
Street to Sixth Street, in regards to the water line in said alley. To present with the report
of his findings the recommendations as to what changes should be made in the water line before
the City could proceed with the surfacing of the alley.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His	the Mayor voting aye. Noes,

none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following resolution
was introduced and passed:

RESOLVED, That the City Clerk be directed to write a letter to the Southern Nevada
Power Company, S.J. Lawson, President, notifying the said company that they are ordered that
hereafter when the company contemplates extensions and improvements that the City Commission
be furnished with a map showing exact proposed location of each pole and its relation to est-
ablished streets, curb lines and/or alleys for consideration of the Commission, and previous
to starting any construction.

BE IT ALSO ORDERED that the City Clerk be furnished with a map showing present location
of all Power Company poles established within the limits of the City of Las Vegas.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Krause and Marble and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.