There upon an ordinance entitles," An Ordinance to amend subdivisions (11) and (14) of
Section 1, Section 6, Section 8, and section 16 as amended, of Ordinance No. 203 of the
City of Las Vegas, entitled: "An Ordinance regulating the distribution and control of intox-
icating and alcoholic liquors and beverages; regulating the places where and under what
conditions said intoxicating and alcoholic liquors and beverages may be kept, sold, given
away or otherwise distributed: providing for permits and licenses; providing penalties
for the violation of this ordinance; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in
conflict therewith," was read for a first and second time and passed as an emergency ordin-
ance upon the following vote: Commissioners Arnett, German, Margie, and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.	

Said Ordinance to be known as Ordinance No. 207 of the City of Las Vegas and to be in
full force and effect from and after its final publication in the Las Vegas age, a weekly
news paper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 30th day of March. 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 30th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 30th day of March 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German,
Marble and Down, City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Henderson.

At this time the Mayor reported to the Board of Commissioners a communication from
Webster L. Benham, Consulting Engineer for the City of Las Vegas on the recently installed
Sewer system, in regard to a final payment for all plans, specifications and estimates for
both the main sewer system and disposal plant and sewer laterals. Mayor Cragin reported that
Mr. Benham was anxious to have the business cleared up and ask that he be paid the sum of
$1,300.00 as final payment in full for all services rendered.

On motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and
carried that Webster L. Benham through his Attorney A.W. Han be paid the sum of $1,300.00 as
final payment, in full for all services rendered the City of Las Vegas. That the Clerk be
instructed to issue a warrant for the said amount and pay same over to Attorney A.W Ham,
on presentation of proper qualifications as the-attorney-in-fact for Webster L. Benham.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the distribution of the water from the City well was next brought before the
Board for consideration, and on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German
it was moved and carried that the water be divided between the four parties namely, Edith Allen,
J.A.William, M.P. Gywnn, and W.D. Murray, asking for use of said water. That the interested
parties present to the Board for its approval an agreement satisfactory to the interested
parties, and at such time the Board would enter into an agreement with the interested parties.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The extending of the parking time allowed on the main streets of the City of Las Vegas
was considered at this time and Upon motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner
German it was moved that the time limit for parking be extended from 45 minutes to one hour and
forty-five minutes. That J.P. King, Bupt. of streets be instructed to see that proper signs
are placed where ever needed.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble and German and Down and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Mr. H. P. Marble presented to the Board for consideration his resignation as member of
the Las Vegas Public Library Board. His resignation becoming necessary after his appointment
as a member of the Board of Commissioners.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
resignation of Mr. H. P. Marble, on on the Library Board be accepted.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes none. Commissioner Marble not voting.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved that on the
Recommendation of the members of the Las Vegas Public Library Board, that A.W. Ham be appointed
to fill the vacancy on that Board caused by the resignation of H.P. Marble.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The next matter taken under consideration was the fixing of a time for the annual clean
up week for the City of Las Vegas.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the week of April 9th to 14th be designated as the annual clean up week, and that the
trucks from the City Street Dept. be used in the hauling away of the accumulated trash.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.