OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 1st, 1933.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 1st day of March 1933 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German,
and Thomas, Acting City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Henderson.

At this time Dr. W.S. Park of the Public Morals Committee of the Grand Jury
appeared before the Board in regards to the operation of Keno palors in the City of Las
Vegas. He reported to the Board that the had been unable to receive either a written
decision from the Attorney General or Senator Henderson or the District Attorney. Acting
City Attorney Marshall presented to the Board a written decision of the game Keno, and
quoted various decisions that had been decided in several courts.

That it has been called to the attention of this Board, by a committee of the
Grand Jury, that the playing of Keno as a licensed game it the City of Las Vegas has a
demoralizing effect upon the good morals of the City of Las Vegas, and further that the
game constitutes a lottery, and is an unlawful game; that pursuant to said written notice
a written opinion from the City Attorney of this City holding Keno to be a lotter, and an
unlawful game, has been delivered to this Board, and after due discussion and consideration
thereon, it was moved by Commissioner German, and seconded by Commissioner Mundy, that the
application for a Keno license from the Boulder Club Inc; be denied, and that any and all
Keno licenses now issued be and the same are hereby revoked, cancelled, and held not
effective March 2nd, 1933 at the hour of 12 o'clock noon, for the reason that the same con-
stitutes a lottery and are prohibited by the Constitution of the State of Nevada, Article
IV, Section 24.

Be It Further Resolved, that any and all persons holding licenses and any
and all persons having before this Board of City Commissioners applications for licenses for
Keno be notified in writing of this action, by serving upon all of such persons a copy
hereof.

Vote on said Resolution was as Follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, and Thomas and
His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the Board discussed the Bill No. 77, introduced by Senator Henderson of
Clark County, in the Senate of the State Legislature now in session in Carson City. Said
Bill No. 77, if passed would prohibit the use of script in the state of Nevada.

On motion of Commissioner Mundy seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the Delegations both in the House and the Senate from Clark County press the immediate
passage of such bill, and that the Clerk notify the said Delegations by Western Union,
Telegram.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
MARCH 4th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of March, 1933, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Mundy,
and Thomas, acting City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell and City Attorney Henderson.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the
City Clerk.

Monies received for the month of February as follows:

$9,196.27 Fremont St. and Boulder Dam Highway assessments
124.500 Poll Tax

115.00	Sale of Cemetery Lots.

1,860.00	Municipal Court Fines.

_____865.00 City licenses and fees.

12,160.77 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$9,196.27	Boulder Dam Fremont St. Imp. Assessment Fund.

124.50 Street Fund.

115.00	Cemetery Fund.

2,725.00	Police & Fire.

12,160.77

At this time a petition was presented to the Board form the Los Angeles Exchange
Inc. Ltd. for the approval of an revised plat of Highland Park.