Par plus a premium of thirty dollars ($30.00).

Said bid being accompanied by a cashiers check in the amount of $51.50 being 5% of said Bid.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the bid
of the Bank of Southern Nevada be accepted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner Thomas, Hansell, and German, and Mayor Pro
tem Smith voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following Resol-
ution was duly adopted:	 

Be It Resolved, that until the further order of this Board, it be and is hereby declared to
be the policy of this Board that the minimum wage scale be and the same is hereby fixed for all
employees of said City, or employees of contractors on City work on street construction sewer
construction and on construction of public buildings done under contract, for Five Dollars for
each eight hour day, except as otherwise fixed by statute or ordinance relating to the City of
Las Vegas:

Be It Further Resolved, that in future contracts let for any kind of the foregoing work done
under contract, it be provided in the specifications, general conditions of the contract on in
the contract in each instance that such scale shall be complied with by the Contractor.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German, and
Mayor Pro. Tem. Smith voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of the granting of a Permit to E.B. Keelen and C.E. Wyatt to install lay down
and maintain gas mains in the City of Las Vegas was next brought before the Board. After a leng-
thy discussion and do decision could be reached it was decided to lay the matter over until

the full Board could be present, and that time set for April 18th, 1930 at the hour of eight

thirty o'clock P.M.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed

until Friday the 18th day of April 1930 at the hour of eight thirty P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 18th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners held on the 18th day
of April at the hour of eight thirty o'clock P.M.

Present Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, City Clerk, and Attorney.

Absent Mayor Hesse, and Commissioner Smith.

Commissioner Thomas appointed Chairman of the meeting.

There being no business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 21st day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M. on motion
of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner German, and passed by the following vote:
Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German voting Aye. Noes none.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, LAS VEGAS, Clark
COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 21st, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 21st day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Smith, Commissioners Hansell, and German together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Mayor Hesse, and Commissioner Thomas.

There being no business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Friday the 25th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.