We, the under signed being Mayor and City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do
hereby admit due service of the foregoing notice of a special meeting and represent that
Jas. H. Down, Commissioner of Water, Sewer and Lights of said City is absent from said
City and State of Nevada and his whereabouts are not easily ascertainable.

E.W.Cragin	L.L. Arnett,

Mayor	W.C. German

H.P. Marble

City Seal.	City Commissioners

Minutes of a Special called meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of January 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, German and
Marble, City Attorney Henderson and City Clerk Viola Burns.

Absent Commissioner Down.

 At this time the Board took under consideration the leasing of a parcel of land to the
American Legion P st No. 8 upon which a War Memorial Building would be erected in the near
future.	 

After due consideration on the matter on motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by
Commissioner Marble the following Resolution was duly adopted:

WHEREAS, Las Vegas Post Number 8, The American Legion, Department of Nevada, has hereto-
fore requested the City of Las Vegas to lease a parcel of land within the exterior bound-
aries of the City Park, for the purpose of constructing a War Memorial Building, and

THE MATTER having heretofore been considered in all its phases by this Board, and
IT APPEARING to the Board that such a building will meet the long existing demand for such
a structure, and that it will be of great benefit to the city and community, and good cause
appearing therefor,

IT IS ORDERED AND DIRECTED, that the Mayor and City Clerk convey to Las Vegas Post
Number 8, the American Legion, Department of Nevada, the following described premises:

Commencing at the northeast corner of Block Thirty-three (33) of
Clark's Las Vegas Townsite as per map of said Townsite on file
and of record in the office of the County Recorder of Clark County,

Nevada, thence along the prolongation of the easterly line of said
Block 33, N. 28˚13' E. eighty (80) feet to the point of beginning:
thence N. 61˚47' W. 275.0 feet; thence N. 28˚13' E. 300.0 feet; thence N.

68˚01' 20" E. 117.15; thence S. 61˚47' E. 200.0 feet; thence S. 28˚	

13' W. 390.0 feet to the point of beginning, comprising a net area of
2.385 acres.

by appropriate lease for a period of fifty (50) years, at the annual rental thereon of
$1.00 per annum, payable annually in advance.

That the said lease contain appropriate provisions for the termination thereof upon the
happening of any of the following contingencies:

(1) Failure of the Las Vegas Post Number 8, the American Legion, Department of Nev-
ada, to construct a Memorial Building upon the said premises, of a value in excess of
fifteen Thousand Dollars, ($15,000.00) on or before the first day of January, 1936.

(2)	Upon dissolution of said Post of the American Legion, for any reason.

(3)	At any such time as the membership of said Las Vegas Post Number 8 of the American
Legion, Department of Nevada, shall not contain at least ten (lO) members who are veterans

of the World War.

Vote on the Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, and Marble, and
His Honor the Mayor E.W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,
JANUARY 14th, 1935.

SPECIAL CALLED MEETING

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

January 14th, 1935.

To ——

Viola Burns, City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board	of Commissioners of	the	City	of Las

Vegas, Nevada, to be held at the Board room of said	Board on Monday the	14th	day	of January

1935 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M. of said day,	to consider and act	upon	the	matter of

securing aid on the construction of the anticipated	War Memorial Building in	the	City of Las

Vegas, Nevada, from the Nevada Emergency Relief Administration, and any other matters
pertaining to the same that may legally be brought before the Board at that time.

E.W.Cragin
Mayor.