OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 5th, 1933.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 5th day of July, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down, His
Honor the Mayor, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the City

Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by Mayor Cragin,

Monies received for the month of June as follows:

$33,906.72 Second half taxes as per year 1932.

1,176.00	Poll Tax

162.75	Sidewalks

215,00	Sale Cemetery Lots.

6,700.29 Licenses Fees and fines.

$42,607.76 Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$35,082.72 Proportioned as per Budget spread.

3,000.29 General Fund.

3,700.00	P and F Fund

162.75	Street Fund
______________215.00 Cemetery Fund.

42,160.76 Total.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German all gaming licenses pre-
sented to the Board for consideration were granted. All applications being in proper form and
money to cover the same being on file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Down and Arnett and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down all slot machine application 

presented to the Board for consideration were granted. Applications being in proper form and
money to cover the same being on file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioners German seconded by Commissioner Mundy the City Clerk was
directed to write the Outpost Trading Company and the Coca Cola Bottling Company that the surety
company bond required under Ordinance No. 198 of the City of Las Vegas must be file with the City
Clerk by July 25th or their wholesale liquor licenses granted under Ordinance No. 198 would be
revoked. The Clerk was also directed to write James Squires and inform him that his bond re-
quired under the same Ordinance must be filed with the City Clerk by July 25th and the excise
tax on the liquor sales must be paid for the months of May and June or his wholesale liquor
license would be revoked on the above mentioned date.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Arnett and Down, and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioners Down it was moved that the
sum of $150.00 be paid from the Publicity Fund to the Las Vegas City Band to help with the ex-
penses of that organization.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Down, and Arnett and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the matter of making application for government money to pay the construction 

of the Sewer Laterals in the City of Las Vegas was brought before the Board for consideration.
After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner
Mundy it was moved and carried that the Mayor and City Engineer make formal application to the
Government for the funds necessary to carry on the construction of the sewer lateral system in the
City of Las Vegas.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners, Mundy, German, Arnett and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

At this time the reading for a second time of the proposed "Milk Ordinance" for the City
of Las Vegas was given consideration, and was read for a second time and adopted by the follow-
ing Vote. Commissioners Mundy, Arnett, German, and Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.

Noes none.

The title of said Ordinance being as follows:

"An Ordinance regulating the sale of Milk, Cream, and other Dairy products in the City of
Las Vegas; defining standards for milk and cream; providing for the issuance of permits for the
sale of milk and cream, and the revocation of such permits; authorizing the City Commissioners
to promulgate rules and regulations for the enforcement of this ordinance; providing a penalty
for the violation thereof; and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict
therewith," and being Ordinance No. 200 of the City of Las Vegas.

Commissioner MUndy was appointed by the Board to act on the committee provided for
in said Ordinance.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 25th day of July, 1933 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.