OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 1st, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
1st day of May, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith, (Commissioner German arriving late)
together with the City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

All bills allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.

Monies received for the month of April as follows:

$1,302.50 Municipal Court Fines.

4,438.00	Licenses and fees, sale of cemetery lots.

5,740.50	Total.

Monies proportioned as follows:

$85.00 Cemetery Fund
$3,503.00  P and F Fund.

68.00	W.S. & L Fund.

2,084.50	General Fund.

5,740.50	Total.

Mayor Hesse, appointed Commissioner Hansell to approved the bills of the Finance Commission-
er during the absence of Commissioner German Finance Commissioner, and Commissioner Smith was
appointed to approve the bill of the Police and Fire Commissioner owning to the absence of
Commissioner Thomas, Police and Fire Commissioner.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, to borrow Forty-nine Thousand Five Hundred Ninety-five, and 12/100 Dollars ($49,595.12)
to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board of Commissioners
of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making improvements in the
City of Las Vegas, by grading for and construction of Asphaltic Concrete Pavements Durite Pro-
cess on certain streets, and portions of streets in said City. to-wit: On Main Street, First
Street, Second Street, Third Street, Fourth Street, Lewis Street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street
and Garces Street, to issue and sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds
to be known as "Las Vegas Special 1930 Pavement Improvement Bonds, Series, C," and providing for
the collection of said unpaid assessments by dividing the same into ten (10) annual installments
and placing said installments on the Tax Roll of Clark County and collecting same in the same
manner as State and County taxes are collected by law," was read to the Board for the second
time and passed by the following Vote, Commissioners German, Hansell, and Smith, and His Honor
the Mayor Hesse voting Aye. Noes none. Same was ordered published for one week in the Las Vegas
Age a tri-weekly newspaper printed in the City of Las Vegas.

An Ordinance authorizing the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark County,
Nevada, to borrow Thirty-four Thousand Eight Hundred ninety-eight and 92/100 Dollars
($54,898.92) to cover certain unpaid assessments heretofore levied and confirmed by the Board
of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas for the purpose of paying for the work of making
improvements in the City of Las Vegas, by grading for and constructing Hydraulic Cement Con-
crete Curb and Gutter and Rough grading for Street Improvements on certain streets, and portions
of streets in said city, to-wit: On Main Street, First Street, Second Street, Third Street,

Fourth Street, Lewis street, Clark Street, Bonneville Street, and Garces Street, to issue and
sell the bonds of the City of Las Vegas therefor, said bonds to be know as, "Las Vegas Special
1930 Curb and Gutter Bonds, Series, D," and providing for the collection of said unpaid assess-
ments and placing said installments on the Tax Roll of Clark County and collecting same in the
same manner as State and County taxes are collected by law," was read to the Board for a second
time, and passed by the following vote, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and German, and His Honor
the Mayor J. F. Hesse voting Aye. Noes none. Same was ordered published in the Las Vegas Even-
ing Review-Journal for a period of one week, six issues. A daily newspaper printed, and publish
ed in the City of Las Vegas.

An Ordinance regulating the doing of plumbing work and providing for the examination of
persons engaged in the same, and creating an examining hoard, providing a penalty for the violat-
ion thereof, and repealing all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith, was
read to the Board for a first time, and laid over for a second reading.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 2nd day of May 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 2nd, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 2nd day of May 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and German, together with the City Attorney,
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith, and Hansell.