At this time Attorney Dan V. Noland appeared before the Board of Commissioners on behalf
 of the licensed electricians in the City of Las Vegas, and presented to the Board for
its consideration a form of ordinance prepared by him at the direction and expense of the
above mentioned electricians.

At this time "An Ordinance to amend sections 3 and 9 and to repeal section 6 of Or-
dinance No. 161 entitled "An Ordinance regulating the business of doing electrical in-
stallation, fixture and connection work and providing for the examination of persons en-
gaged in the same, creating a Board of Examination, regulating the sale of electrical fix-
tures and appliances, providing for the licensing of electrical workers, providing add-
itional regulations for electrical installation, fixing a penalty for the violation thereof
and repealing Ordinance No. 156 of the City of Las Vegas, entitled 'An Ordinance regulating
the business of doing electrical fixture and connection work providing for the examination
of persons engaged in the same, and creating an examination Board, and providing a penalty
for the violation thereof,' and repealing Ordinance No. 128 of the City of Las Vegas, en-
titled 'An Ordinance providing for the licensing of electrical workers in the City of Las
Vegas, and fixing a penalty for the violation thereof,' and repealing all ordinances and
parts of ordinances in conflict with the provisions of this Ordinance," was read for a
first time, and after some discussion was laid over for a second reading.

Upon motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board of Commissioners that F. W. Hickey be
granted a certificate of competency as Master Electrician, as said F. W. Hickey was in
business as a Master Electrician when Ordinance No. 162 of the City of Las Vegas was adopted.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Tomas, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none. Commissioners German leaving before said
vote was taken.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the follow-
ing Resolution was introduced and passed:

Resolved, that it be the sense of this Board of Commissioners that A. C. Clark,
be granted a certificate of competency as Master Electrician, as said A. C. Clark was in
business as a Master Electrician when Ordinance No. 162 of the City of Las Vegas was adopted.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and Smith,
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The plat of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1 was presented to the Board for its approval.
Said plat had been approved by the City Planning Commission, and owned by L.L. Brentner,
and his wife, Mabel Brentner.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the plat of Sunrise Park Tract No. 1 be approved by the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, and
attest by the City Clerk, under the seal of the City.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Commissioner Thomas leaving before the vote was taken.

The City Attorney, F. A. Sevens was directed to draft an amendment to the
City Zoning Ordinance No. 168 of the City of Las Vegas, placing amusement houses, gaming
houses, and theaters in the mercantile district.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 19th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK? CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 19th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 19th day of May at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City Attor-
ney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

Minutes of meetings of May 5th, 8th and 12th read and approved as read.

Mr. F. C. DeVinney appeared before the Board at this time in regard to the salary
allowed the Assessor of Clark County at the last session of the Nevada State Legislature.

Therefore upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it
was moved that the Assessor of Clark County Nevada, Ex-Officio Assessor of the City of Las
Vegas, and the County Treasurer of Clark County, and the Ex-Officio Treasurer of the City
of Las Vegas be allowed salaries at the rate of $100.00 per month, effective as of this
date, as allowed under the statutes of the State of Nevada 1931.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas and His
Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.