On motion of Commissioner Arnett Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that the
following be granted wholesale beverage licenses at the rate of $25.00 each.

Clark County Wholesale Mercantile Company Inc; Lloyd Young and Nevada National Ice Co.

Applications being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk to cover same.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioners Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted. Applications being in proper form and money
on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

White Spot Cafe 3 licenses.	A.E. King Ellison o license

	Joe Evans 1 license	Wm. Pansey 1 license

Art Schreiber 8 licenses	J W. Woodard 1 license.

Vote was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that Jack D. Butler of the Big Four Club be granted the following gaming licenses.

One Poker game and three devices.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.	

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that a wholesale liquor license be granted to the Las Vegas Liquor Distributors, Inc; Application
being in proper form and $75.00 the amount of said license being on file with the Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the
Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

The application of C.B. Singleton for permit to operate a "family liquor" store or sealed
package store was next brought before the Board for consideration. On motion of Mayor Cragin, second-
ed by Commissioner Down it was moved that a license for the operation of said business be granted
C.B. Singleton. Application being in proper form and money on file with the Clerk.

Vote Was as follows: Commissioner Arnett, Marble and German voting no. Commissioner
Down and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Motion not carrying.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Arnett it was moved and carried
that the City Clerk be instructed to write the Las Vegas School Board and ascertain if it was desirous 

of the granting of such a license near the public schools.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board At this time the meeting recessed until
Friday the 18th day of January 1935 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 7th, 1935.

SPECIAL CALLED MEETING

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

January 7th, 1935.

To Viola Burns,

City Clerk,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, to be held at the Board room of said Board on Monday the 7th day of January, 1935, at the
hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day, to consider and act upon the leasing to the American Legion
Post No. 8 a parcel of land upon which said Post No. 8 will erect A War Memorial Building.

E.W.Cragin
Mayor.

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada,

January 7th, 1935.

To-

E.W. Cragin, Mayor, and to Commissioners W.C. German,

L.L. Arnett, Jas. H. Down and H.P. Marble.

You and each of you will please take notice, that pursuant to a call this day issued by the
Mayor of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of said Board on Monday the 7th day of January, 1935
at the hour of three o'clock P.M. of said day to consider and act upon the leasing to he
American Legion Post No. 8 a parcel of land upon which said P st No. 8 will erect a War Memorial
Building.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.