OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 6TH, 1930.

At a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, held on the
6th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesses, Commissioners Hansell, Smith, and German, together with the City
Attorney, and Clerk.

Commissioner Thomas absent.

All bills allowed as per "Claim, and Warrant Register", on file in the office of the Clerk.

Monies received for the month of March as follows:

$1,050.00 Municipal Court Fines.

674.50	City Licenses, fees, and sale of cemetery lots.

1,724.50

Monies proportioned as follows:

$260.00 Cemetery Fund from sale of lots

19.00	Water Sewer & Light Fund from fees collected.

	1.445.50 Police & Fire Fund.	

1,724.50	Total

$350.00 transferred from General Fund to the Police & Fire Fund.

Commissioner Smith was appointed to approve the bills of the Police and Fire Dept. during
the absence of Commissioner Thomas.

Mr. C.C. Boyer of the State Highway Dept. appeared before the Board in regards to the bills
against the City from that Dept. Commissioner Smith was going to investigate the matter.
City Attorney Stevens was directed to write to the State Eight way Dept. and address same
to Mr. C.C Boyer in regards to the City of Las Vegas, caring for the 3.67 miles of State
Highway in the city limits of said City.

Captain Keelen, spoke to the Board in regards to securing a gas franchise from the City
of Las Vegas for a company he represented. He was directed to make his application in writing.

Attorney Stevens read to the Board a letter from the Public Service Commission of Nev-
ada stating that the certificate of public convenience granted to the Las Vegas Gas Company
by the Public Service Commission is void.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Monday the 10th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 10th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 10th day of March 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Thomas.

Minutes of meetings of March 1st, and March 6th read and approved as read.

The written application of E.B. Keelen and C.E. Wyatt for a permit to install, lay down,

and maintain a gas system in the City of Las Vegas was presented to the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved that the
application be layed over, for further consideration.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Hansell, it was moved that
a warrant be drawn on the Las Vegas Special 1929 Street Light Fund for the sum of $3,500.00
and that same be forwarded to John R. Davies, as part payment on the ornamental street light
system installed in the City of Las Vegas, by said John R. Davies.

Vote oh said motion Was as follows: Commissioners Smith, and Hansell, and His Honor the
Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

There upon the Board entered into a discussion on the proposed ordinances for the City
of Las Vegas.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Friday the 14th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.