any time in case of the violation of such permit, ordinance, regulations or orders,
and such work shall not proceed in the particular in respect to which it is stopped except in
strict compliance with such permit, ordinance, regulations or order, as the case may
be. In case of disputes with reference to matters aforesaid where the parties are
unable to agree, the question shall be submitted to the Board of City Commissioners for
decision for settlement, and should Permittee or his assigns, as the case may be,
dissent from the decision of the Board of City Commissioners, then the matter shall be
referred to a Board of Arbitration consisting of three persons, one chosen by or in
behalf of said Permittee, or his assigns, one chosen by or in behalf of the Board of City
Commissioners, and a third person chosen by these two. The decision of any two of this
Board shall be final and binding on both said Permittee or his assigns and said City of
Las Vegas. The Permittee, or his assigns and said City of Las Vegas shall pay each one-
half of the expenses of such arbitration. In the event such work is being done by a
Contractor to whom such Permittee, or his assigns, shall let such work, then the word
"Contractor" shall be deemed to be inserted in this paragraph where ever the words "Per-
mittee or his assigns" occur.

4.	The person doing such work shall pay such Inspector promptly on the first day
of each month the compensation of such Inspector for the preceding month or portion thereof 

performed by such Inspector, at the rate of $8.00 per day. Failure to make such payment
promptly shall authorize the Inspector to stop all work whatsoever.

The person doing such work shall not make excavations in more than three
street intersections at any one time, and shall, in addition to the requirements of
Ordinance No. 37 of the City of Las Vegas, also maintain bridges over intersections where
required by the Street Superintendent of the City of Las Vegas. The person doing such work
shall also maintain a watchman on the works from sundown on each day until sunrise of the
following day, during construction, to see to it that all lights are kept burning which are
placed under the requirements of said Ord. No. 37.

6.	Whenever the use of explosives are necessary in the prosecution of such work the
party doing such work shall use all due precautions to see that proper warning is given to
vehicles and pedestrians and persons living or being in the neighborhood before such explos-
ives are set off in the work.

7.	If electric welding is used in the work of laying mains or laterals a suitable
barrier shall be placed around the welding apparatus to protect the eyesight of persons in
the neighborhood from damage from such welding apparatus in operation.

8.	The person doing the work shall provide and maintain such barriers, signs, red-
lights and watchmen and other means as may be necessary to prevent accidents or injury to
the public. He shall place at the points designated by the Inspector such warning signs or
signals as may be required by such Inspector.

9.	All explosives shall be stored in a secure manner, and in compliance with local
laws and ordinances, and all such storage places shall be marked clearly "Dangerous-Explosives"

10.	Permittee shall begin and complete such work within the time required by
the Certificate of Public Convenience heretofore issued by the Public Service Commission
of the State of Nevada on or about the 16th day of June, 1931, and shall at all times
during the progress of the work diligently prosecute or cause to be prosecuted such work
to completion, as afore said. The person doing such work shall so conduct his operations
so as to have under construction no greater length or amount of work than he can prose-
cute properly with due regard to the rights of the public.

11. Materials such as pipe, etc. for use in work shall be laid prior to install-
ation along the outer edge of the alleys in which work is progressing, so as not to ob-
struct traffic in the alley if traffic would otherwise be possible during the progress of
such work.

Be It further Resolved, that a copy of the foregoing Preambles and Resolution,
certified by the City Clerk or Deputy City Clerk be served upon Permittee, or his assigns
and upon the Contractor, if any, doing such work.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, German, Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor E. W. Cragin voting aye. Noes none.

A petition was presented to the Board of Commissioners signed by a number of pro-
perty owners, owning property along Fremont Street between Eighth Street and Twelfth Street
asking the Board to construct the ten foot width of Street on Fremont Street on each side
of the thirty foot Federal Aid strip in order to have a full width fifty foot paved street
and also to construct Hydraulic Cement Concrete curbs and gutters on each side of the
street from Eighth Street to Twelfth Street. The same type of construction to be used as
that on the Federal Aid strip of Thirty Foot Highway.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of
Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas
by grading for and surfacing with road mixed oil graveled surface and constructing hy-
draulic cement concrete curb and gutter (Combined) on certain streets and portions of
streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements; providing
that the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all the
lots included in the special assessment district, hereby established, according to benefits
except where, by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are required
to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas, and other matters relating
thereto." was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.

An Ordinance entitled, "An Ordinance to amend Ordinance No. 159 of the City of Las
Vegas by adding thereto a new section to be known as Section 12A, and repealing all ordinance
and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith." was read for a first time and laid over
for a second reading.

An Ordinance entitled, " An Ordinance to amend Sections 1,3,6, and 9 of Ordinance
No. 161, of the City of Las Vegas, and to amend said Ordinance by adding a new Section to
be known as Section 22a, and repealing all Ordinances and Parts of Ordinances in conflict
therewith," was read for a first time and laid over for a second reading.