to benefits upon taxable lots, and premises situated in the special assessment district above
described.

The Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas hereby gives notice that on Sat.
the 22nd day of June A. D. 1929 at the hour of 10 o'clock A. M. in the Board Room of said
Board, at the County Court House, in the City of Las Vegas, it will hold a meeting for the
purposes of considering any suggestions, or objections that may be made by parties interested
with respect to the proposed improvements.

Passed, and Adopted this 6th day of June A. D. 1929.

J.	F. Hesse.	-

Attest;	Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Viola Burns
City Clerk.

The above notice being duly approved by, the Board the Clerk was directed to have same
published in the Las Vegas Age for two weeks (6 issues) beginning with the 8th day of June.

The Clerk was also directed to have same posted in seven places in the Ward.

An Ordinance declaring the determination of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas to make certain improvements in the City of Las Vegas by construction, erecting
, and installing as ornamental street lighting system on certain streets, and portions of
streets in said City; describing definitely the location of said improvements; providing that
the cost and expense thereof shall be paid entirely by special assessment upon all lots in-
cluded in the special assessment district, hereby established according to the benefits, ex-
cept where by the Charter of the City of Las Vegas certain portions thereof are
required to be paid from the general fund of said City of Las Vegas, and other matters re-
lating thereto.

Was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made, and seconded was laid
over for a second reading by Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas that the Clerk be
directed to order a counter for use of the Clerk in her office. The same to be ordered
through Mr. Hooper.

There upon a proposed ordinance entitled;	

An Ordinance regulating the collection, and fixing and establish ng the rates, and
compensation to be collected by any person, company, or corporation collecting garbage in
the City of Las Vegas.

was read for the first time, and upon motion duly made seconded, and carried was laid over for
second reading.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas the following
Preamble, and Resolutions were duly adopted;

Whereas, the former City Clerk, Wm. L. Scott, during 1929 lost one of the license
books containing the stubs of fifth licenses issued to various parties, and such book con-
taining such stubs was, and is the only record book as to the names of such licenses, and the
respective amounts of license paid, except as contained in the affidavit of said W. L. Scott
setting forth the amounts, and names of licenses of 48 of such persons, leaving the name,
and amounts of two licenses issued undetermined, and

Whereas said Wm. L. Scott has applied to this board to arbitrarily fix for the time
being the amount of such undetermined two licenses and ie willing to pay the amount so fixed
and the additional amount, if any, in the event hereafter the amounts of said two licenses
or either of them is determined,

NOW THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVED, that the amount of such licenses be fixed temporarily
at $5.00 each, and that such amount be accepted by this Board from said Wm. L. Scott, with
the understanding that when the true amounts thereof be ascertained the said Wm. L. Scott
settle with this Board on the basis of the true amounts thereof.

The votes on the said resolution was as follows;

Commissioners Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye; Noes, none.