NOTICE OF SERVICE OF SPECIAL MEETING

TO— L.L. Arnett, Mayor and to Jas. H. Down, David Farnsworth
H.P. Marble and M.E.Ward, Commissioners:

YOU AND EACH OF YOU WILL PLEASE TAKE NOTICE: That pursuant to a call this day issued by the Mayor of
the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas will
be held in the Board of Commissioners Room in the City Clerk's office, Tuesday the 28th day of
July, 1936, at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M. on said day to consider and act upon the following:

1. To meet with the officials of the Western Air Express Corporation in regard to an agreement for
the management of the City's municipal Airport.

You will govern yourself accordingly.

Viola Burns,

City Clerk.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICE

WE, the undersigned Mayor and Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas do hereby admit sure service of
the foregoing notice and represent that H P. Marble Commissioner of Streets is absent from the
City and State on this date and his whereabouts are not easily ascertainable.

L.L. Arnett	Jas. H. Down	David Farnsworth	M.E.Ward

Mayor	Commissioner	Commissioner *	Commissioner

Minutes of a special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 28th day of July, 1936 at the hour of 10 o'clock A.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down and Ward and City
Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Farnsworth and Marble.

Mr. Dwerlkotte and Mr. Mc Namee representing the Western Air Express Corporation appeared
before the Board in regard to escrow agreements for the leasing of the City's Municipal Airport.

The meeting convened from 10 to 12 o'clock A.M. and reconvened from 1:30 to 3:30 P.M. and
no decision being reach the meeting adjourned with Mr. Dwerlkotte returning to Los Angeles to
appear before the Board of Directors of the Western Air Express Corp. to inform them that the
City would not agree to the last clause in the escrow agreement, the time or life of the escrow.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 28th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 28th day of July, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, and Ward
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Marble.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that Mrs.

C D.Breeze to appointed to succeed herself on the City Planning Commission. Her term of office to
expire May 25th, 1940.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth and Ward and Hie Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Minutes of all regular, recessed regular and special meetings of the Board of Commissioners
held from May 20th, 1936 to June 24th, 1936 Inclusive were read and approved as read.

No further business appearing before the Board the meeting adjourned.