OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MAY 18th, 1934.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 18th day of May, 1934, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, Ger-
man and Down, City Attorney and City Clerk.

At this time the matter of the application of the Northern Club, by C.M. May, to conduct
a gambling game therein known as the "Races" came up for consideration and the same being fully
considered and discussed and the Board being of the opinion that at the present time there are
enough kinds and sorts of gambling games, sufficient to fully meet the demands of the population
and in proportion thereto and fully sufficient to meet the demands of the gambling public in
the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

NOW THEREFORE, on motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was ordered
that until the further order of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada,
no action be taken on said application.

The vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, and Marble not voting. Com-
missioners Down and German and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following retail beverage licenses (5½%) be granted. Applications being in proper form
and money to cover the same being on file with the clerk.

Leona Mason, Second Street Grocery, Union Pacific System and Frank Clyaton Keinan.

Vote on said motion was as follows, Commissioner Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His
Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses be granted:

City Drug Store	3	Slot	 machines

The Exchange Club	3	  "   "

A.S.Stevenson		1 "   "                     

Applications being in proper form and money to cover the same being on file with the
City Clerk.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, Marble, and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett, Seconded by Commissioner German it was moved and carried
that Ordinance No. 207 of the City of Las Vegas governing the sell and distribution of liquors
in the City of Las Vegas be amended so that the same would include the licensing of retail
liquor stores outside the zone designated in Section 4 of Ordinance No. 203.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Arnett, German, and Marble and His Honor
the Mayor voting aye. Noes none. Commissioner Down being excused before the motion was presented
to the Board.

A number of musicians employed in the various taverns in the City of Las Vegas appear-
ed before the Board at this time in regard to having "a Kitty" allowed in said taverns so that
their compensation for playing in said taverns might be increased. They were referred to Mrs.

O'Riley Gamble to have her make a suitable adjustment between the musicians and the taverns
owners, under the National Recovery Act.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JUNE 4th, 1934.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 4th day of June, 1934 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German,
and Down, City. Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the Clerk.
Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.