OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA,

AUGUST 4th, 1936.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
county Nevada, held on the 4th day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,

Marble and Ward, City Attorney and City Clerk.

All claims allowed as per "Claims and Warrant Register" on file in the office of the Clerk.

Report of City Clerk approved by the Mayor.

Mr. August Berning of the State Highway Department appeared before the Board in regard to
the rescinding of a Resolution previously passed in regard to a shoofly over the proposed under-
pass crossing on Clark Avenue, and of the enacting of a Resolution taking the place of the
rescinded Resolution.

After some discussion on the matter the following Preambles and Resolution were adopted:

WHEREAS, the State Highway Department of the State of Nevada is contemplating the constru-
ction of an underpass under the Union Pacific Railroad System on Clark Avenue in the City of
Las Vegas; and

WHEREAS, it is necessary and convenient for the said State Highway Department to use cer-
tain of the City land adjacent to the said Union Pacific System to construct a shoofly incidental
to the construction of the said underpass, and have requested the use of the said land from the
City; and

WHEREAS, on the 15th day of July, 1936, to the end of facilitating the construction of
the said shoofly , a resolution was adopted directing the mayor and the city clerk to enter
into an agreement with the State Highway Department granting the said department an easement
over certain lands, and

WHEREAS, it appears that certain conditions in the said contract are impossible of per-
formance by the said State Highway Department and the said State Highway Department having
requested a substitute agreement in that behalf, and the city being desirous of entering into
the said substitute agreement, be it therefore

RESOLVED: That the said resolution heretofore entered into on the 15th day of July, 1936,
upon the before mentioned subject, together with the contract entered into under the authority
of the said resolution, be and the same hereby are revoked and rescinded, and be it further
ordered that in order to facilitate the construction of the said underpass and in cooperation
with the State Highway Department that the City enter into an agreement with the State Highway
Department granting the said State Highway Department a temporary easement upon the said land,
a copy of which contract, is hereunto annexed, and

That Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized empowered and directed to execute, on behalf
of the City the said hereunto annexed contract.

Dated this fourth day of August, 1936.

The foregoing Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Marble and seconded by Commissioner

Down.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none. Absent, none.

All unread minutes or regular, recessed regular and special meetings read and approved as

read.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
 until Friday the 7th day of August, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

August 7th, 1936

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas held on the 7th day of August, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Farnsworth,
Marble and Ward, Deputy City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Taylor.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas held
on the 4th day of August read and approved as read.