OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CITY OF LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 6th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 6th day of April 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.



Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, and German together with the City
attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners Smith and Hansell.

At this time and ordinance entitled "An Ordinance of the City of Las Vegas
regulating the erection, Construction, Enlargement, Alteration, Repair, Moving, removal,
Demolition, Conversion, Occupancy, Equipment, Use, Height, Area, and Maintenance, of all 
buildings and/or structures in the City of Las Vegas providing for the issuance of Permits
and collection of fees therefor; providing penalties for the violation thereof; declaring
and establishing Fire Zones; Repealing Ordinances Nos. 144-27-59-61 and 72 of the City of
Las Vegas and all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict therewith," was brought
before the Board for a second reading, and was passed by the following vote: Commissioners
German and Thomas and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to have said above-mentioned ordinance published for one
week, six issues, in the Las Vegas Evening Review-Journal a daily newspaper printed and
published in the City of Las Vegas. Said Ordinance to be in full force and effect from and
after its complete publication.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 7th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 7th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the
City of Las Vegas held on the 7th day of April 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell together
the with City Attorney and Clerk.

0n motion of Commissioners Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that the "Electrical Ordinance," presented at a previous meeting be laid over to
a recessed meeting to be held in the near future. Vote on said motion was as follows:
Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.

Noes none.

At this time the Board of Commissioners considered the gaming licenses
that had been filed with the Clerk.

The application of Ethel W. Genther, and C.J. Mackey for the operation
of slot machines were laid over because they were not presented on proper forms.

J.R. Boyer, and Jack Butler's applications for gaming licenses were
also laid over because of not being presented on proper forms.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that a gaming license be granted to the Boulder Club at 118 Fremont St; Said
application being in proper form, and the amounts need for the operations of the tables
accompanying the application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith,
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

On motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by commissioner German it was
moved that a license be granted to the Las Vegas Club 21 and 23 Fremont Street. Said
application being in proper form, and the amounts need for the operation of the tables
accompanying said application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith
and Hansell and His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

0n motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was
moved that a gaming license be granted A.T. McCarter, at the Exchange Club, 123 South First
Street. Said application being in proper form, and the required amount of money being on
file with the City Clerk.

Vote on said Motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German,

Smith and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes, None.

On motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was
moved that a gaming license be granted to Stocker and Morgan at he Northern Club 15 Fremont
Street. Said application being in proper form, and the required a mount of money being on
file with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, Smith
and Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The matter of granting further licenses was next brought before the
Board and a number of citizens appeared before the Board in favor of granting more licenses.
Among them were A.W. Ham., O.C. Boggs, E.F. Dupary and A.J. Shur.

A number of citizens also appeared before the Board asking that the
district be zoned for the gambling house, and a limit set. These Citizens included,