No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 10th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 10th, day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor L. L. Arnett, Commissioners Jas. H. Down,

David Farnsworth, H. P. Marble and M. E. Ward, Also City Attorney Ryland Taylor and Deputy
City Clerk, Le Roy Whipple

At this time Mr. B. H. Greathouse of Jones Decorating Co. of Los Angeles, Calif presented
to the Board, street decorating samples and flags for use in the decorating of streets of the
City in receiving the President of the United States upon his arrival here the later part of
September. After some discussion as to the proper decorations to be used, it was decided
to have Mr. Greathouse present plans, and sketches of the methods that would be suitable, to
Mr. H. P. Marble, Commissioner of Streets by the following Thursday together with prices
covering same, and which in turn would be submitted to the Board for their approval.

A discussion as to the probability of a meeting with the Officials of The Southern Nevada
Power Co, was next entered into, On motion of Commissioner Down Seconded by Commissioner
Marble, instructions were given to the Deputy City Clerk to write to Mr. Ed W. Clark, President
and to Mr. C. S. Wengert, Secretary of the Southern Nevada Power Company, inviting them and
such other of their officers as they wished to have attend; to meet with the Board of City
Commissioners in an informal discussion relative to the subject of the local power situation,

Said meeting to be held at the Wigwam Room of the Sal Sagev Hotel, at two o'clock P. M. September
11th, 1935. Vote being, Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor
Voting Aye., Noes, none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time, the meeting recessed until
Thursday the 12th, day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 12th, 1935

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las
Vegas, held on the 12th, day of September, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor L. L. Arnett, Commissioners Jas. H. Down,

David Farnsworth, H. P. Marble and Mr. E. Ward , City Attorney, Ryland G. Taylor and Deputy
City Clerk, Le Roy Whipple.

Mr. B. H. Greathouse of the Jones Decorating Co, of Los Angeles, again appeared before
the board with data and sketches of how the streets could be decorated for the reception of
President Roosevelt upon his arrival here last of the month, Upon recommendation of Commissioner
Marble, who had previously studied the situation it was decided to not undertake the purchase
or rental of any more street decorations at this time, the matter was postponed indefinitely;

Mr. E. W. Cragin appeared before the board at this time, and asked for recommendations
as to the disposal of the funds that were raised at the Presidential Birthday party held last
year, after some discussion, motion was made by Commissioner Marble and seconded by Commissioner
Down, that Mr. Cragin be instructed to turn over the existing balance, derived from the dance
given last year on President Roosevelt's Birthday to the local Red Cross, to be used in the
prevention of Infantile Paralysis. Vote on same being as follows; Commissioners, Down, Farnsworth
Marble, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor Voting Aye., Noes None (amount being $57.23 turned over)

At this time the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the American Legion Post No. 8 appeared
with other officers of the Board of Trustees and represented to the Board of City Commissioners
and proved to its satisfaction by disposition of the records of the American Legion Post No. 8
that more than $5,000.00 to Wit; $8,459.86 had already been spent on the War Memorial Building
upon the ground upon which a lease was sought, and having demanded of the Board a lease upon
said land agreeable with the board and the Las Vegas Post No. 8 of the American Legion as bearing
date of January 14th, 1935. Thereupon having fulfilled that part of the agreement calling for
such a lease to be given by the City to the American Legion Post No. 8. Motion was made by
Commissioner Marble and Seconded by Commissioner Farnsworth, that the following Lease and
resolution be adopted as follows:

THIS LEASE, made and entered into this 12th, day of September 1935, by and between the City
OF LAS VEGAS, a municipal corporation in the County of Clark, State of Nevada, Lessor, and LAS
POST NUMBER 8, THE AMERICAN LEGION, DEPARTMENT OF NEVADA, a Corporation Leese.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas did, on the 12th, day of
September 1935, pass and adopt the following resolution: