OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

	May 22nd, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 22nd day of May, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy and
W. C. German; also City Attorney, Engineer for the City and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioner Roy Neagle.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Minutes of certain previous sessions of this Board were read and approved.

Thereafter, a recess was declared until Friday the 24th day of May, 1929, at the hour of
three o'clock, P. M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

May 24th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
Nevada, held on the 24th day of May, 1929, at the hour of three o'clock, P. M.

PRESENT: His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse; Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B. Mundy;
also Engineer for the City, City Attorney and Clerk.

ABSENT: Commissioners Roy Neagle and W. C. German.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was resolved that the Finance Commissioner
be authorized to engage an auditor, said auditor to audit the accounts of the City Clerk and
City Treasurer for the year 1928 and for the year 1929 to and including the 31st day of May.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried it was resolved that the bond of the City
Clerk taking office on the 3rd day of June 1929 be set in, the sum of Five Thousand ($5,000.00)
Dollars; said Bond to be approved by the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith, seconded by Commissioner Mundy the following resolution
was duly adopted:

WHEREAS a change has been made in the plans for the alignment of curb on the east side of
Second Street from the southerly line of Fremont Street to the northerly line of the alley
south of Fremont, due to the exigencies of construction, be it resolved that such change be
hereby ratified. Vote on said resolution was as follows:- Commissioners O. J. Smith, W. B.

Mundy and His Honor, the Mayor, J. F. Hesse voting aye; Noes; none.

Thereafter the Mayor appointed Mrs. C. D. Breeze to fill the unexpired term caused by
expiration of her office on the City Planning Commission, said unexpired term to end May 25,

1932.

Upon motion duly made, seconded and carried, it was resolved that the office of City
Marshal be and the same hereby is declared vacant, and that P. Nash be, and he is hereby
appointed to the office of Chief of Police at a salary of Three Thousand ($3,000.00) Dollars
per annum, said salary to be payable in equal monthly installments upon his filing a good and
sufficient bond in the amount of One Thousand ($1,000.00) Dollars and taking an oath of office;
said bond to be approved by the Mayor. The vote on said resolution was as follows: Commissioners