Whereas special assessment proceedings have been in progress on and since the date of
said contract and bond to to raise money by special assessment and sale of bonds, from suffic-
ient moneys have not as yet been raised to warrant the City of Las Vegas in directing work to
be commenced under said contract without an extension of time for the payment of the first
estimate as provided in said contract, and

Whereas, the said contractors have indicated their willingness to grant an extension of
time for the making of the payment of said first estimate, and said City is willing to ex-
tend the time for the completion of said contract and to direct the City Engineer to give
notice to said contractors to begin work, such notice to be given as soon as the memorandum of
extension hereinafter provided for the execution by said City and Contractor and assented to
by said surety company, and

Whereas, it is contemplated hereby that, since the work on said curb and gutter contract
and pavement contract relate to the same district, the notice of the contractor, respect-
ively to begin work on their respective contracts shall be given at the same time and not un-
til all the memorandums of extension hereinafter provided are executed by said City and said
respective contracts and assented to by said respective surety company to their particular un-
dertakings,

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to execute
on behalf of said City, the same to be attest by the City Clerk under the seal of the said
City, a written memorandum of agreement with said R.E. Hazard Contracting Company, whereby the
commencement of work under such contract with said last named corporation shall be authorized
by notice to be given to it by the City Engineer on or before Mach 31, 1930, and that said
contract shall be completed on or before June 30, 1930, provided that said contractor will agree
therein that said City of Las Vegas shall have and be given sixty days from the giving of such
notice commence work in which to make payment in full of said first estimate, and provided
further that such memorandum of agreement is assented to in writing by the surety company on
the bond of said R.E. Hazard Contracting Company through officer or officers of said surety
company having and presenting authority of such modification of said original contract,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Mayor be and he is hereby authorized to execute on 
behalf of said City. the same to be attested by the City Clerk under the seal of said City, a
written memorandum of agreement with said General Construction Corporation and R.A. Watson,
whereby the commencement of work under contract between said last mentioned parties shall be
authorized by notice to be given to said contractor by the City Engineer on or before April
30, 1930, and that said contract shall be completed on or before July 30, 1930, provided that
said contractor will agree therein that said City of Las Vegas shall have and be given six-
ty days from the date of the giving of such notice to commence work in which to make payment
in full of said first estimate, and provided further that such memorandum of agreement is
assented to in writing by the surety company on the bond of said General Construction Corporation
and R.A. Watson through officer or officers of said surety companyhaving and presenting author-
ity of such officer or officers of said surety company to assent to such modification of
said original contract,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that each of said memorandums of agreement shall provide that
it is essential to the giving effect of such memorandums shall be executed by the parties re-
quired to execute the same and both be assented to by the respective surety companies giving
the original surety bonds.

Said Resolution was introduced by Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell,
Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell, and His
Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.

The forms of the "Memorandum of Agreement" were read to the Board.

"An Ordinance regulating that practice of civil engineering and surveying in the City
of Las Vegas, and providing for the examination, registration, and licensing of persons engaged
 in the same, creating and examination board, and providing for a violation thereof," was read
for a second time, and Passed by the following vote, Commissioners Smith, Thomas, and Hansell
voting Aye. Noes none. Mayor Hesse not voting. Said Ordinance was to be in full force and effect
after its complete publication for a period of one week (three issues) in the Las Vegas Age,
a triweekly newspaper printed and published in the City of Las Vegas.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell seconded by Commissioner Thomas it was moved that
"An Ordinance prescribing the location of houses of ill-fame, hurdy gurdy houses, bawdy houses
and any and all places to which persons resort for lewd or lascivious purposes, or for the
purposes of lewdness or prostitution, prescribing punishment for the violation of the ordin-
ance and other matters relating thereto," be laid over for a second reading.

Vote on said motion was as follows Commissioners, Smith, Thomas, Hansell, and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes None.

The gaming application of one C. R. Evan for the operation of two (2) tables accompanied
by a check for the sum of $150.00 was presented to the Hoard. The same not being approved
by the Police and Fire Commissioner. Upon the following vote the application was not granted.
Commissioners Smith, Thomas, Hansell, and His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting No. Ayes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting re-
cessed until Tuesday the 18th day of March at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

appreciation for his benevolence toward in the interests of education of the children and
members of this community,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that said Board hereby express the grateful thanks to the donors
to the fund to make the gift of E.E. Smith effective,

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that it be and hereby expressed as the sense of this Board that
the funds derived from said bequest and donations be set aside for use in its entirety in est-
ablishing some distinctive department or activity of the City Library so that the generosity
of those who created said fund may perpetually reminded to the people of our City.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows, Commissioner Smith, Thomas, Hansell, and His Honor
the Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes None.