OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 6th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 6th day of October, 1936 at the hour of two o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, Deputy
City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Farnsworth, and City Attorney Taylor.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the Travelers Auto Court, a corporation, be granted permission to erect a sign at the corner of
11th and Fremont Streets, advertising the said court. This permit is granted with the under-
standing that same may be revoked at any time when in the discretion of the Board it may deem
it advisable to do so.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
Earl Noon be granted a retail tavern liquor license for 219 No. 1st Street and Pilar Santa Cruz
be granted a retail tavern liquor license for 209 No. 1st Street. Both applications being in proper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

Nr. Kelley of the Nevada Meat and Provision Company appeared before the Board in regard to the
fees for slaughtering animals at the company's plant. Mr. Kelley was given until Monday the 12th
day of October to prepare and present same to the Board for its consideration.

On Motion of Commissioner Ward seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
Frank Kernan be granted a retail sealed package liquor license for 303 No. Main Street.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, None.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
a wholesale liquor license be granted to the Acme Distributing Company. Application being in proper
form and money to cover same on file with the Clark. (The Acme Distributing Company had held a
wholesale beverage license for a number of months.)

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

0 motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following be granted gaming licenses for the fourth quarter year. Applications being in proper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same:

Northern Club,

Bank Club

C.F.Reid

J.H. Morgan.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down all slot machine applications
for licenses presented to the Board at this time were granted. All applications being in proper
form and money on file with the Clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His	Honor	the	Mayor voting aye.	Noes, none.

The Clerk at this time read to the Board a letter from W.B. Mundy, Ex-officio City Treasurer
and F.C.DeVinney, Ex-officio City Assessor asking that their respective salaries be increased the
sum of $25.00 per month, giving them back just half of the cut in salary they had in January 1933.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the salaries of the said Treasurer and Assessor be increased the	sum	of $25.00 per	month. Same	to

be effective for the month of October, 1936. Said salaries	to be	the	sum of $75.00	per	month.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and adjourned
until Tuesday the 13th day of October, 1936 at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

OCTOBER 13th, 1936.

Minutes of a recessed and adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 13th day of October, 1936, at the hour of seven o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Arnett, Commissioners Down, Marble and
Farnsworth and Ward, City Clerk and Attorney.

Harold Case Chief of the Las Vegas Fire Department appeared before the Board in regard to
the securing of 1000 feet of hose for the Fire Department.	

After some discussion on the matter on motion of Commissioner Marble, seconded by Commis-
sioner Farnsworth it was moved and carried that the City of Las Vegas purchase 1000 feet of
fire hose from the Eureka Fire Hose Company as same was the quality that the Fire Department
had been using having proved most satisfactory and being highly recommend by the Fire Chief.

Same to paid cash on delivery.

Vote was Commissioner Down, Farnsworth, Marble end Ward and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye.
Noes, none.