On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following resolution
was duly adopted:

RESOLVED, That hence forward, no encroachments such as service stations, signs, or any
obstruction which may interfere with highway purposes or any regulations of the Federal
Government relating to Bureau of Public Roads projects, shall be permitted upon the rights of
way included in WPMS project No. 138.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble, and Ward and His Honor the Mayor L.L. Arnett voting
aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that the following slot machine licenses for the first quarter year 1936 be granted:

Carl Ray	2 slot machines	L.L. Arnett 35 Slot Machine

E.D.Ciliax	2	"	"	White Spot Cafe	3	"	"

Read City Drug	3	"	"	Sweet Shoppe	26	"	"

E.P. Bihlmaier 14	"	"	State Cafe	2	"	"

Applications bein in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried that
the following retail beverage licenses for the year 1936 be granted:

Sophia Noon,	Harry V. Smith	 Newel Peterson

Harry Blanding	M.E. Ward	L and K Market

Vegas Sweet Shoppe	E.D.Ciliax	Jake Ensley

White Spot Cafe	Sewells Unites	Store	Lorenzi Resort.

Vote was as follows Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting aye.
Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Ward it was moved and carried that
the Board approve the act of Mayor Arnett in the sending out of letters to the Shrine Clubs in
the United States, inviting them to visit Las Vegas and Boulder Dam on their way from the National
Contention of the Shriners.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Ward, and His Honor the Mayor voting
aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Wednesday the 22nd day of January, 1936 at the hour of one o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JANUARY 22nd, 1936

Minutes of a recessed end adjourned meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas held on the 22nd day of January, 1936 at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present Mayor Arnett, Commissioners, Down, Marble and
Farnsworth, City Attorney end City Clerk

Absent Commissioner Ward.

At the invitation of the Board of Commissioners a number of the agents of the oil com-
panies operating in the City were present to discuss the storage of gasoline in the City.

This discussion being had after the serious fire of January 19th, 1936, burning the ware-
houses of Smart and Final, M.E.Ward, Las Vegas Transfer Company and Ed Von Tobel Lumber Co.

Fire Chief Case, C.C. Ronnow and Mr. Doty and Mr. Howard were also present. The later two be-
ing engineer for the Union and Standard Oil Companies.

No act was taken at this time, but the fire hazards of the City were discussed by all
present.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down the following slot machine
licenses for the quarter year Jan. 1st to March 31st, 1936 were granted:

Art Schreiber 1 slot machine	J.T.Watters	5 slot machines

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

On motion of Commissioner Down seconded by Commissioner Marble the following retail bev-
erage licenses for the year 1936 were granted:

John Stathis, Tom Adams, Bert Smith, Inc; and Geo. Wilson.

The sum of $10.00 accompanying each application, covering the license fee for the quarter
year Jan. 1st to March 31st, 1936.

Vote was as follows: Commissioners Down, Marble and Farnsworth, and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes, none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed and
adjourned until Wednesday the 29th day of January, 1936, at the hour of one thirty o'clock P.M.