At this time Frank Silva, Director of the N.E.R.A. appeared before the Board in regard to
two "public works" programmes for the City of Las Vegas, Nevada.

No. 1. The improvement of the following streets:

11th Street from Fremont Street to Mesquite Street.

12th Street from Fremont Street to Stewart Street
Ogden Street from 11th to 13th Street.

	Said improving to consist of the grading of the above mentioned streets to the proper street

grade, and the placing of gravel thereon to provide better drainage for the district effected.

No. 2 The improving of the ball ground and the grounds used for public playgrounds on the
City park site on Stewart Street from Second to Fifth Street.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried
that the City enter into the above mentioned projects with the N.E.R.A. and that the sum of
$2,172.00 be allowed for materials to be used on the streets to be improved, and that the sum of
$725.00 be allowed for the purchasing of materials to be used in the improving of the public
playground.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Marble, and Down and Mayor Pro Tem German voting aye.
Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Monday the 25th day of February, 1935 at the hour of seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Approved:

Mayor Pro Tem.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF
LAS VEGAS, CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 25th, 1935.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the City of Las Vegas held on February 25th, 1935
at the hour seven thirty o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the follow ng present Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German
and Down, Deputy City Attorney Marshall and City Clerk.

Absent City Attorney Henderson.

At this time the Board entered into a lenghty discussion on the various "public works"
programmes that might be carried on in the City of Las Vegas, which with the held of the N.E.R.A.
would greatly relieve the unemployed situation at the present and in the near future for the
City of Las Vegas.

A number of interested citizens were present including Earl Davidson, Chairman of the Clark Co;
Board of Commissioners, Claude Mackey in charge of the relief depot in the City, F.C.DeVinney
Assessor.

Dr. Park and J.P. King presented to the Board the report of the committee appointed to
investigate the matter of having the City install a municipal golf course.

On motion of Commissioner Marble seconded by Commissioner Down it was moved and carried that
the City Board of Commissioners accept the report of the said Committee add that the City enter
into an agreement with the N.E.R.A. for the installation of a municipal golf course and carry
out said project as far as possible.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

No definite action was taken on any other proposed "public works" project at this time.

On motion of Commissioner Arnett seconded by Commissioner Marble it was moved and carried
that Adam's Cash and Carry Grocery be granted a retail beverage 5½% , license at 1016 Fremont.
Application being in proper form and money on file with the clerk to cover the same.

Vote was as follows, Commissioners Arnett, Marble, German and Down and His Honor the Mayor
voting aye. Noes none.

At this time: the Commission considered the matter of writing in the form of a Resolution
to the Congressional representatives in Washington to secure aid in caring for the unemployed
in the City of Las Vegas.	Approved:

After some discussion on the matter on motion duly made seconded and carried the follow-
ing Preambles and Resolution were duly adopted:	Mayor.

That it appears that the City of Las Vegas has general obligation bonds outstanding
in the sum of approximately $230,000.00;

That the total taxable property of the City of Las Vegas, Nevada is the sum of $660,000.00:

That the statutory limitation as expressed in the Charter of the City of Las Vegas pro-
hibits said City from issuing any general obligation bonds in a sum greater than twenty per cent
(20%) of the taxable property of said city; that therefore said city can not at this time
issue any general obligation bonds for the purpose of carrying on work projects or buying mat-
erials therefor;