NOTICE

To— L.B. Hansell, O.J. Smith, W. C. German, R. W. Thomas, Commissioners
and J.F. Hesse, Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Pursuant to a call this day made by Mayor J.F. Hesse, you are hereby notified that a
special meeting of the Board of Commissioners of said City will be held at the Council
Room of said Board, in the City of Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada on Wednesday the 15th
day of April, 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M; then and there to consider and act
upon questions relating to the gambling Ordinance of the City, numbered 165, and with
respect to gaming licenses heretofore applied for under said Ordinance.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns.

City Clerk.

We, the undersigned, hereby admit service of the foregoing.

Dated April 15, 1931.

L.B. Hansell

Commissioner

R. W. Thomas	J.F. Hesse.

Commissioner	Mayor.

Attorney Chas. Lee Horsey appeared before the Board at this time in regards to the
Board of Commissioners granting a gaming license to be used by parties planing on occupying
the building at 22 Fremont St. owned by Boggs Brothers Grocers.

At this time the Board took no action in the granting of said application.

On motion of Commissioners Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that City Attorney Stevens look up in the law the power of the City of Las Vegas in the
passing of Ordinance Ho. 165 governing the issuance of gaming license, and the power given
the City in the granting, or rejection of gaming application.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 17th, 1931.

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, held on the 17th day of April 1931, at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners German, Thomas, and Hansell together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Smith.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that a gaming license be granted to Leo Kind and Thomas Rawan for Nos. 127 and 129 South First
Street. Said application had been filed with the City Clerk, and the proper amount of
money to cover said games and devices applied for filed with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor J.F. Hesse voting Aye, Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was
moved that a gaming license be granted to Butler and Marsh for No. 110 South First Street
at the Big Four Club. Said application and the proper amount of money to cover licenses
for the games and devices applied for being filed with the Clerk.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved
that A.S. Henderson be appointed Deputy City Attorney of the City of Ras Vegas, to hold
office at the pleasure of the Board, to file a good and sufficient bond in the sum of One
Thousand Dollars, same to be approved by the Mayor.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas and Hansell
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that the following Resolution passed at a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Com-
missioners be rescinded: Said Resolution was passed on Thursday the 9th day of April 1931.

"On motion of Commissioner Thomas, seconded by Commissioner Hansell the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that until the further order of this Board it be and is hereby established
as the policy of this Board that no further gambling licenses be granted except those already
granted for this quarter, and to those who held gambling licenses for the immediately preceding
 quarter; provided further that this Resolution shall not be construed to pre-
vent the consideration of an application for and the granting of a license to a person of
the Ethiopian Race for the conduct of a game or games in a place catering exclusively to
persons of the same race only.