OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 9th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas,
held on the 9th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, and Thomas together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.

Absent Commissioners German, and Smith.

Minutes of meetings of February 3rd, 5th and 6th read and approved as read.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner German it was moved that
the sum of $2,500.00 be transferred to the Police and Fire Fund from the General Fund.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor the
Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed to draw a warrant on the Police and Fire Fund for the amount
of $2,470.00 made payable to the American LaFrance and Foamite Corp; to cover the second
payment on the American LaFrance Fire truck purchased by the City of Las Vegas from said
company. Said claim was approved by Police and Fire Commissioner Thomas, and Commissioner
Hansell was appointed by the Mayor to approve same as Finance Commissioner due to the
absence of Finance Commissioner German, claim also approved by the Mayor.

Upon motion of Commissioner Thomas seconded by Commissioner Hansell it was moved that
the plans and specifications as prepared by the City Building Inspector Paul Hosman for
the additions to the Library to be used as and office for the City Clerk and Board Room
for the Board of Commissioners be approved by this Board.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners Thomas and Hansell and His Honor
the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was instructed to write to the Las Vegas Nevada Chamber of Commerce and
ask that that honorable body appoint a committee to meet with the Board of Commissioners
Wednesday the 11th day of February at the Hour of three o'clock P.M. to discuss ways and
means to finance the proposed sewer system and disposal plant.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed
until Tuesday the 10th day of February at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

FEBRUARY 10th, 1931.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 10th day of February 1931 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas and Smith together with the City Attorney
and Clerk.	

Absent Commissioners German and Hansell.

At this time the Board considered the matter of not allowing encroachments on Fremont
Street from its intersection with Fifth Street to the east City Limits. 

Upon motion of Commissioners Thomas seconded by Commissioner Smith the following Pre-
ambles and Resolution were duly passed:

WHEREAS, the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of constructing a
portion of State Highway Route No. 5 within the City of Las Vegas, from the Southeast City
Limits extending along Fremont Street to a junction with the State Route No. 6 of Fifth
Street, and

WHEREAS, The Department of Highways, State of Nevada, is desirous of receiving Federal
Aid for the improvement of said highway, and

WHEREAS, The Bureau of Public Roads of the Department of Agriculture of the United
States of America will not participate in the construction of said highway until and unless
the City of Las Vegas will agree to refrain from permitting encroachments upon right of way
of said above mentioned street,

THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, By the City Council of the City of Las Vegas that for and
in consideration of the Department of Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public
Roads, Department of Agriculture, constructing said highway, it hereby agrees with the said
Department of Highways, State of Nevada, and the Bureau of Public Roads, Department of Agri-
culture, that it will not, in the future, permit encroachments on the right of way of said
above mentioned street.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and Smith and His Honor
the Mayor, J.F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

The Clerk was directed	four certified copies of said Resolution to Mr. C.C.

Boyer, Division Engineer, State Highway Department.

At this time the Board of Commissioners opened the bids for the building of an
addition to the Library. Bids were received from the following contractors; Gartside and
Rouff, E.E. Strupat, H.R. Adams, Sam Shaw and Desert Construction Co;

The Contract was not awarded at this time, and the City Attorney was directed to
prepare a form of agreement and present same to the Board at its next recessed meeting.