Precinct No. 8, which is bounded as follows; Beginning at the southwest corner of the NW¼
of the NW¼ of Section 31, Township 20 S., Range 61 E., east along a line extending from
said corner to the southeast corner of the NE¼ of the NW¼ of Section 33, Township 20 S.,
Range 61, E.; thence south along the center line of said Section 33, Township 20 S.,

Range 61 B., to the center of Charleston Boulevard; Thence west along the center line of
Charleston Boulevard to the east boundary of the Union Pacific right-of-way; thence north
along the said boundary of the said Union-Pacific right-of-way to the point where an
extension of the center line of Garces Street intersects the said boundary; thence east
along the center line of Garces Street to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence east
along the center line of Charleston Boulevard to the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas
thence south along the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence west along the
southern limit of the City of Las Vegas to the southwest corner of Section 5, Township
21 S., Range 61 E.; thence north to the northeast corner of said Section 5, Township 21 S.
Range 61 E., thence west to the west limit of the City of Las Vegas; thence north to the
point of beginning.

Precinct No. 9, which is bounded on the north by the north limit of the City of Las Vegas;
on the east by the Union Pacific Right-of-way: on the south by Clark Avenue to the center
line of Fifth Street and an extension there of to the north City limit.

Precinct No. 10, which is bounded as follows: Beginning at the intersection of Croissant
Street and the eastern limit of the City of Las Vegas, south along the said eastern limit
of the said city to the center of Charleston Boulevard; thence west along the center of
Charleston Boulevard to the center of Fremont Street; thence west along the center of Fre-
mont Street to the center of Seventh Street; thence north along the center of Seventh
Street to the northern boundary of Buck's Subdivision to the City of Las Vegas: thence east
along said boundary to the intersection of State and Oak Streets; thence north along the
center line of State Street to the center of Croissant Street; thence east along the
center of Croissant Street to the point of beginning.

Precinct No. 11, which is bounded on the south by Clark Avenue and an extension thereof
to the northeast corner of the SW¼ of the SW¼ of Section 30, Township 20 S., Range 61 E.
and on the west by the west limit of the City of Las Vegas, on the north by the north
limit of the said city to the extension of West Fifth Street, thence south along the
cent line of the extension of West Fifth Street and West Fifth Street to the inter-
section of Clark Avenue.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the polling places in said election precincts shall be estab-
lished as follows:

For Precinct No. 1, Fire house next to alley on Second Street between Fremont and Carson
Streets.

For Precinct	No.	2,	City Library Carson Street between Second and	Third 	Streets.

For Precinct	No.	3,	301 South Main St; 1st floor Montana Hotel.

For Precinct	No.	4,	Clark's Garage, Clark Street between Main and	First	Street.

For Precinct	No.	5,	Martin's Garage, 204 No. Fourth Street.

For Precinct	No.	6,	South wing of the Tower Market, south Fifth St.

For Precinct No. 7, In room No. 2, Grammar School Building 4th & Lewis Street Fourth Street
entrance.

For Precinct No. 8, A.L. Drew garage, 807 Gass St.

For Precinct No. 9, At McWilliams Garage, N E. Comer Third & Wilson St. Westside.

For Precinct No. 10, At 814 Fremont St;

For Precinct No. 11, 116 W. 6th Street Westside, Spence garage.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the inspectors and clerks of said election for each of said
election precincts be as follows:

Precinct No. 1, voting Board	Precinct No. 1, counting Board.

Inspectors:	Inspectors:

Agnes A. Watters	Flossie A. Wasden

Catherine Riggen	Norma Ullom

Alfred Boyle	Ida Frehner

Clerks:	Clerks:

Loretta Goodfellow	E.E. Casey

Mary E. Lake	Mabel Ingram

Precinct No. 2, voting Board	Precinct No. 2, counting Board

Inspectors	Inspectors

Aurelia Scheer	Cora Lee Honstad

Ethel Mackey	Josephine Johnson

Alice Day	Etta Whitmore

Clerks;	Clerks:

Amelia Beck Doyle	Mary Taylor

Mrs. Sana Bloedel	Dona Honrath