which would leave due him the sum of $2,542.97, less $350.00 heretofore paid him thereon,
leaving now due on the first 4½% of the cost of the construction of said mains and disposal
plant, and that the same should be paid to him in the manner, at the time and conditions
hereinafter set forth, and

Whereas, said $4500 was paid out of the general fund of the City of Las Vegas, to be re-
paid to said general fund when funds were available from bond issue or assessments covering
the contemplated sewer work, end that in order to carry out the arrangement above suggested
it will be necessary to transfer to the general fund from the sewer bond fund the sum of
$2250.00 as the just and proper proportion of said $4500 to be stood and borne out of said
bond fund, and that the remaining $2250.00 be paid into the general fund of the City out of
moneys raised by special assessment, when made, for the cost of the construction of laterals,
and that the said Webster L. Benham shall when moneys are available by assessment for the pay-
ment of engineering fees for said lateral work, credit said City thereon the sum of $2250.00,
applying the same on the first four and one-half per cent. of the engineering fees for such
lateral work.

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that under the arrangement above suggested a supple-
mental contract be entered into between- the City and said Webster L. Benham wherein and whereby
it be provided that said City shall at this time pay to said Webster Benham the sum of
$2,192.97, as a balance in full of the first four and one-half per cent engineering fees for
said main and sewerage disposal plant work, based on said contract price of $106,510.54, but
that should the cost of such mains and disposal plant exceed said contract price the said
Webster L. Benham be paid in accordance with the said contract of September 27, 1929, as modi-
fied by said contract of January 28, 1931; that such supplemental contract shall provide that
when the remainder of the first four and one-half per cent of the engineering work on lateral
shall become due and payable and moneys shall be available for the payment thereof, the said
City of Las Vegas shall be credited thereon in said sum of $2250.00 which is to be charged to
and collected from funds to be raised for the cost of such laterals; that such credit be made
by said Webster L. Benham, if required by said City to perform the engineering services upon
the construction of such laterals, although such laterals be constructed during a period be-
yond the life of said original contract of date Sept. 27th, 1929 but not to exceed five years
from the 27th day of September, 1929.

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the sum of $2192.97 be paid to said Webster L. Ben-
ham out of said sewer bond fund for the purposes aforesaid, and that $2250 be transferred from
said sewer bond fund to the general fund in repayment of an advance to that amount on the engin-
eering cost of said laterals, and that the sum of $350.00 be transferred from said sewer bond
to the water, sewer and light fund in repayment of that amount heretofore advanced to said
Webster L. Benham out of said water, sewer and light fund upon engineering fees; that within
sixty days from the making of the payment of the sum of §2192.97 to said Webster L. Benham
he deliver to the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas the plans, specification, survey, 

and estimates prepared by said Koebig and Koebig, and such resurveys, estimates, plans and specifications 

provided in said agreement of January 28, 1931 to be made by said Webster L. Benham, and upon such 

delivery the same shall become the sole property of said City of Las Vegas, and that said supplemental 

contract herein provided for so provide; that said supplemental contract be executed in the name of the 

City of Las Vegas by the Mayor and attested by the Clerk with her signature and the seal of said City.

The vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners Mundy, and German and
His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then

adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

MARCH 4th, 1932.

Minutes of a regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas
held on the 4th day of March 1932 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Roll call showed the following present: Mayor Cragin, Commissioners Mundy, German and
Hansell, City Attorney and City Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas.

Commissioner Mundy appointed by the Mayor to approve the bills of the Finance Com-
missioner owing to the absence of that officer.

All claims allowed as per claims and warrant register on file in the office of the

Clerk.

Reports of City Clerk and Municipal Judge approved by the Mayor.

Moneys received for the month of February as follows:

$330.00 Poll Tax

250.00	Sale Cemetery Lots

73.00	Plumbing permits

2.956.00	Municipal Court Fines

4,212.60	Total.