that the license be issued.

The Applications of Harry Barnett for a gaming license was laid over.

The application of Fairburn and Wilson asking for a new license was laid over also
the application of Hutton and Vest asking for a new license.

This being the time set for the City to either accept or reject the street paving
by the Roche Axman Co.	

The Following motion was made by Commissioners Thomas and seconded by Commissioner
Hansell:	

That Mr. King Supt. of City streets give the newly paved district a through
 inspection with the criticisms that have been heard in view, and report to the Board of

City Commissioners on July 3rd. 1929.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Hansell, Smith. Thomas , and His Honor The Mayor
Aye Noes None.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
then Adjourned.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

JULY 3rd 1929.

At a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas, Clark
County Nevada held on the 3rd day of July 1929 at the hour of 3:30 o'clock P.M. Present His
Honor the Mayor J. F. Hesse, Commissioners Hansell, German, Smith, Thomas, and the City
attorney, and City Clerk.

Meeting called to order by the Mayor.

Las Vegas Nevada, July 3rd, 1929.

To the City Clerk of the City of Las Vegas:

I hereby call a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City
of Las Vegas, to be held in the Board Room of the said Board at the County Court House in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada on Wed. the 3rd day of July 1929 at the
hour of 3:30 o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering and acting upon the following Matters

Matters connected with paving improvements, including final acceptance.

Dispositions of bills and claims filed against the City.

You, are hereby directed to serve notice upon all members in accordance with

this call.

J. F. Hesse.,

Mayor of the City of Las Vegas.

Notice of a Special Meeting of the
Board of City Commissioners of the City of Las Vegas.

	Las Vegas, Nevada July 3rd, 1929.

TO: J. F. Hesses Mayor, and to O. J. Smith, W. R. Thomas, L. B. Hansell, and W. C.
German, Commissioners:

You and each of you are hereby notified, that in accordance with a call by the Mayor
of the City of Las Vegas, a special meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas will be held at the Board Room of the said Board at the County Court House in the
City of Las Vegas, County of Clark, State of Nevada, on Wednesday the 3rd day of July 1929
at the hour of 3 o'clock P.M. for the purpose of considering and acting upon the following
matters;

Matters connected with the paving improvements, including final acceptance.

Disposition of of bills and claims filed against the City.

You will govern yourselves accordingly.

Viola Burns

City Clerk.

Due service of the above and foregoing call and notice is hereby admitted this 3rd
day of July 1929. And we hereby assent to the transaction of any and all business
of the City of any kind at said meeting.

Dated this 3rd day of July 1929.

J. F. Hesse. Mayor.

O.J. Smith	R. W. Thomas

L. B. Hansell	W. C. German

Minutes of special meeting of July 2nd read and approved as read.

At this time all claims were allowed, that had been present to the Board as shown
by claims, and warrant register in the Clerk's Office.

Mr. King Supt. of Streets was not present at this time to make his report to the
Board in regards to his final inspection of the paving improvements. After due consideration
in regards to the Roche Axman Paving Bill Mayor Hesse Appointed Commissioner Hansell to
approve the bill of the Roche Axman Co; in the absence of Commissioner Berman, Finance Com.

Mr. Pendelton Of Los Angeles, Cal. spoke to the Board for a few minutes on the proposed
ornamental street lighting system.