(Form of Coupon)

No.__________ $30.00

On the 1st day of July (2nd day of Jan.), 19____________ the City of Las Vegas, in the

County of Clark, State of Nevada, will pay to bearer Thirty Dollars in Gold Coin of the United
State of America, at present standard of weight and fineness, at the office of the City Treas-
urer in the City of Las Vegas, Nevada, being the semi-annual interest then due on its High-
way Bond, dated July 1, 1930, Series 1930.

AND IT IS FURTHER RESOLVED that the sale of said One Thousand Dollar ($1000) bond
shall be at private sale, as is provided in the above-mentioned and entitled act, it appearing
 to the Board that it is for the best interests of the City of Las Vegas that the sale of
said bond shall be at private sale, and

BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED, that the City Clerk be and she is hereby directed to give
notice of said proposed sale of said One Thousand Dollar Bond to the First State Bank of Las
Vegas, Nevada, Inc; Bank of Southern Nevada, Inc; and to the State Board of Finance of the
State of Nevada, at Carson City, Nevada, and ascertain what they will offer for said bond
at private sale.

Said Resolution was passed by the following vote: Commissioners German, Thomas and
Smith and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Nones None.

Thereafter it was ordered that the Clerk have the above bond printed.

Mr. Boyd of the Central Labor Union appeared before in regards to the hiring of
Union Card men on the street improvements now under construction.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German it was moved
that notice be given to General Construction Co. and R.A. Watson setting a time for the
commencing of the laying of street paving Durite Process.

Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioners German, Thomas, and Smith, and
His Honor the Mayor Hesse, voting Aye. Nones none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Monday the 7th day of April at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA.

APRIL 7th, 1930.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas, held on the 7th day of April 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Hesse, Commissioners Thomas, German, and Smith together with the
City Attorney and Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Hansell.

Upon motion of Commissioner Smith seconded by Commissioner German the following
Resolution was duly adopted:

Resolved, that Paul D. Hosman be appointed Engineer for the City of Las Vegas for
for the engineering of the street improvements now under construction. That he
be paid the sum of $275.00 per month for the months of Nov. and Dec 1929 and Jan.
1930, and starting April first he be paid the sum of $300.00 per month. All engin-
eer to be done under the supervision of J. P. King, Supt. of City Streets. All bills
submitted to the Board for payment must be approved by Supt. King.

Vote on said Resolution was as follows: Commissioners German, Smith, and Thomas
and His Honor the Mayor voting Aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Smith it was moved
that the General fund be reimbursed for the money advanced to meet the bills for the
preliminary work on the street improvements. Said bills also include printing and publishing.
Vote on said motion was as follows: Commissioner German, Smith, and Thomas, and His Honor the
Mayor J. F. Hesse, voting Aye. Noes none.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed until Thursday the 10th day of April, 1930 at the hour of three o'clock P.M.