

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF LAS VEGAS,

CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA

Sept, 6th, 1929.

At a recessed regular meeting of the Board of City Commissioners held Sept, 6th 1929 at
the hour of eight o'clock P.M.

Present Mayor Pro Tem Smith, Commissioners Hansell, Thomas, and German, together with the

City Attorney, and Clerk.

Absent J. F Hesse Mayor.

Meeting called to order by O. J Smith Mayor Pro Tem.

The following Petition was read to the Board.

PETITION FOR STREET IMPROVEMENT.

Las Vegas Clark County, Nevada.

To the Honorable Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Clark County, Nevada.

Gentlemen;

We, the undersigned owners of property fronting on the following streets in Clark's
Las Vegas Townsite, and South Addition hereby petition your Honorable Board to improve the said
streets by the construction of Portland Cement concrete curbs and a three (3) inch Oil Bound Gravel Pave-
ment.

We further request that the work be done under the provisions of the Specifications
approved January, 1929.

Streets to be improved:

Main Street, between Fremont and Garces; First, Second, Third, and Fourth Streets
between Lewis, and Garces Streets, respectively: Lewis Street between Main & Fourth : and Clark
Bonneville, and Garces Streets between Man and Fifth Streets.

The above petition was signed by more than 51% of the property owners in said district.



A general discussion followed the reading of this petition, and after due consideration
the following motion was duly made seconded, and carried.

That J. P. King Superintendent of Streets of the City of Las Vegas cause estimates,
expense, plats and diagrams of district to be embraced with said improvements, curbings,
 gutters, and paving, and present same to Board. Cost of estimates not to exceed $200.00.

Motion introduced by Commissioner Thomas, Seconded by Commissioner German. Vote as
follows: Commissioners Thomas, German and Hansell, and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye. Hoes Hone.

The matter of closing the City Dump ground was next brought before the Board.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, and seconded by Commissioner German the old city
dump ground was voted closed, and the services of J. D. Shaw dump master dispensed with. The
Ground belonging to the Las Vegas Disposal plant, and designated as the city dump ground was to
be used as suck from this time forward.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, German, and Hansell, and Mayor pro Tem Smith
voting Aye. Noes None.

Upon motion of Commissioner German, seconded by Commissioner Thomas the Clerk was dir-
ected to either refund money for two slot machines, $30.00, or change licenses so that same could
be used for the fourth quarter. These licenses were obtained by Mrs. E. P. Bihlmaier, under,
direction of Chief of Police Nash while Mr. Bihlmaier was absent from the City. The said two 
machines being already covered with licenses.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, Hansell, and German, and Mayor Pro Tem Smith
voting Aye. Noes none.

The natter of a new sewer system was next brought before the Board. The firms of
King & Malone of Reno, and Nevada Engineering & Construction Service, Inc, of Las Vegas, and
Koebig & Koebig of Los Angeles each submitting bids to the Board which were read at this time.

After a lengthy discussion on these various bids, and no decision being reach, a
motion was introduced by Commissioner German seconded by Commissioner Thomas that the matter of
a sewer survey, and new sewer system be laid over for consideration.

Vote as follows: Commissioners Thomas, and German and Mayor Pro Tem Smith voting Aye.
Commissioner Hansell No. Carried.

There being no further business to come before the Board at this time the meeting
recessed till Thursday Sept. 12th at the hour of eight o'clock P.M.