The following letter pas presented to the board by Dr. Roy W. Martin:

Las Vegas, Nevada
September 8th, 1932

Board of City Commissioners,

Las Vegas, Nevada.

Dear Sirs:

I am planning, together with my associates, an extensive development program with
a considerable acreage south of the City of Las Vegas. As a part of this program I have
made application for a water franchise to supply this development, and have also applied
for the necessary permits from Clark County.

It has occurred to me, that although this territory is outside the city limits
of Las Vegas, it would be helpful to secure from the City Commissioners an expression
of approval of the development, and I therefore ask that a favorable endorsement be
given this request.

Respectfully yours,

(SGD) Dr. Roy W. Martin.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner German the Board did approve
the development as outlined in the above letter and ordered such approval incorporated
into the minutes of the meeting. Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners Mundy,
German, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

Upon motion of Commissioner Hansell, seconded by Commissioner german it was moved
that the Fuller Construction Company make a wet connection for turning sewage in the
new mains for the sole purpose of testing the Sewage Disposal Plant and that such use
of the mains shall not be deemed an acceptance of Main Sewers and Disposal Plant
and that this order stall in no wise change or effect terms and conditions existing
with the Fuller Construction Company. Vote on same being as follows: Commissioners
Mundy, German, Hansell and His Honor the Mayor voting aye. Noes none.

No further business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting then
recessed untill the 9th day of September, 1932.

OFFICE OF THE CITY CLERK, CITY OF IAS VEGAS
CLARK COUNTY, NEVADA
SEPTEMBER 9TH, 1932

Minutes of a recessed regular meeting of the Board of Commissioners of the City of
Las Vegas held on the 9th day of September, 1932, at the hour of three o'clock P. M.

Roll call showed the following present, Mayor Cragin, Commissioners German, Mundy,

Hansell and City Attorney and Deputy Clerk.

Absent Commissioner Thomas and City Clerk.

No business appearing before the Board at this time the meeting recessed until
Saturday the 10th day of September at the hour of 11 A. M.